<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001108426-25-000004.txt : 20250214
<SEC-HEADER>0001108426-25-000004.hdr.sgml : 20250214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250214163625
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001108426-25-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250214
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TXNM ENERGY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001108426
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				850019030
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NM
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32462
		FILM NUMBER:		25629928

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		414 SILVER AVE. SW
		CITY:			ALBUQUERQUE
		STATE:			NM
		ZIP:			87102-3289
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5052412700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		414 SILVER AVE. SW
		STREET 2:		ATTN: MS 1045 - ROBERT BISCHOFF
		CITY:			ALBUQUERQUE
		STATE:			NM
		ZIP:			87102-3289

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PNM RESOURCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010618

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MANZANO CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000303

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TEXAS NEW MEXICO POWER CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000022767
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				750204070
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	002-97230
		FILM NUMBER:		25629929

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		577 N. GARDEN RIDGE BLVD.
		CITY:			LEWISVILLE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75067
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9724204189

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		577 N. GARDEN RIDGE BLVD.
		CITY:			LEWISVILLE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75067

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMMUNITY PUBLIC SERVICE CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19810617
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>pnm-20250214.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?pnm-20250214

0001108426false00011084262025-02-142025-02-140001108426pnm:TexasNewMexicoPowerCompanyMember2025-02-142025-02-14

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) February 14, 2025 

(February 14, 2025) 

Name of Registrant, State of Incorporation, Address Of Principal Executive Offices, Telephone Number, Commission File No., IRS Employer Identification No.

TXNM Energy, Inc.

(A New Mexico Corporation)

414 Silver Ave. SW

Albuquerque, New Mexico87102-3289

Telephone Number - (505) 241-2700

Commission File No. - 001-32462

IRS Employer Identification No. - 85-0468296

Texas-New Mexico Power Company

(A Texas Corporation)

577 N. Garden Ridge Blvd.

Lewisville, Texas75067

Telephone Number - (972) 420-4189

Commission File No. - 002-97230

IRS Employer Identification No. - 75-0204070

____________________________________________________________________________________________________

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 40.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4 (c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 40.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Registrant 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of exchange on which registered

TXNM Energy, Inc. 

Common Stock, no par value TXNM 

New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On February 14, 2025, TXNM Energy, Inc.s indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, Texas-New Mexico Power Company (TNMP), issued $140,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.19% First Mortgage Bonds, due April 1, 2031, Series 2025A (the Bonds) in a private placement in reliance on an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The Bonds were sold by TNMP to institutional accredited investors (as defined by Rule 501(a) of the Securities Act) pursuant to a Bond Purchase Agreement dated February 14, 2025 (the Bond Purchase Agreement). A copy of the Bond Purchase Agreement is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 10.1. TNMP will apply the proceeds of the Bonds for the repayment of short-term debt and other general corporate purposes, including projected capital expenditures.

The Bonds were issued pursuant to TNMPs First Mortgage Indenture dated as of March 23, 2009 (the First Mortgage Indenture), between TNMP and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as ultimate successor to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.), as trustee, (the Trustee), as previously supplemented and amended and as further supplemented by the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of February 14, 2025, between TNMP and the Trustee (the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture and, together with the First Mortgage Indenture, the Indenture). The Bonds are secured by a first mortgage lien on substantially all of TNMPs property, subject to excepted encumbrances, reservations, contracts and other exceptions as are permitted by the Indenture, and rank equally in right of payment with all other securities theretofore or thereafter issued under the First Mortgage Indenture.

Interest on the Bonds is payable semiannually on April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on October 1, 2025, at a fixed rate of 5.19% per annum. TNMP may, upon not less than ten nor more than sixty days prior written notice (unless the holders of more than 50% of the principal amount of the then-outstanding Bonds of the applicable series agree in writing to another time period), prepay at any time all, or from time to time any part of, the Bonds of any series, in an amount not less than ten percent of the aggregate principal amount of the Bonds of such series then outstanding in the case of a partial prepayment, at a prepayment price equal to the sum of (a) 100% of the principal amount so prepaid, (b) accrued and unpaid interest thereon and (c) a make-whole amount, if any, determined for the prepayment date with respect to such principal amount. The principal amount of the Bonds is payable on April 1, 2031.

The Indenture contains events of default customary for such a transaction, including, without limitation: failure to pay interest on any Security (as defined in the Indenture) for sixty days after becoming due; failure to pay the principal of or premium on any Security when due; failure to comply with or breach of any covenant or warranty contained in the Indenture, subject to a ninety day cure period after written notice of default has been delivered; and certain events relating to reorganization, bankruptcy and insolvency of TNMP. If an Event of Default (as defined in the Indenture) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or the holders of not less than thirty-three percent in principal amount of the Securities then outstanding may declare the principal amount of all Securities then outstanding to be immediately due and payable.

In addition, the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture contains bond repurchase events (subject to a fifteen day cure period), including, without limitation: actions by TNMP or any Controlled Entity (as defined in the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture) which subject a Bond holder to terrorism sanctions regulations; the sale or lease of TNMPs assets in excess of specified thresholds during any calendar year; defaults in respect to obligations relating to certain debt; failure to deliver to each institutional investor Bond holder certain financial and business information related to TNMP; failure to maintain a ratio of consolidated indebtedness to consolidated capitalization of less than or equal to 0.65 to 1.0; and material misrepresentations of any representation or warranty contained in the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture. If a Bond Repurchase Event (as defined in the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture) occurs and is continuing, TNMP must repurchase the Bonds for a purchase price equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Bonds then outstanding, plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon and a make-whole amount determined for the Bond Repurchase Event date with respect to such principal amount.

The Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture further includes a provision whereby a change in control in TNMP or TXNM Energy, Inc. would obligate TNMP to offer to prepay all of the Bonds at one-hundred percent (100%) of the principal amount of the Bonds, plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, but without any make-whole amount or other premium.

The above description of the Indenture does not purport to be a complete statement of the parties rights and obligations thereunder. Such description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, a copy of which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 4.1, and the First Mortgage Indenture, as previously amended and supplemented, and as previously filed, each of which is incorporated herein by reference. The form of Bonds, which is included as a part of the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.2 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth above under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits:

Exhibit Number Description

4.1 

Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 14, 2025, between Texas-New Mexico Power Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee.

4.2 

Form of 2025A Bond (included in Exhibit 4.1).

10.1 

Bond Purchase Agreement, dated February 14, 2025, between Texas-New Mexico Power Company and the purchasers named therein.

104 Cover page in Inline XBRL format

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

TXNM ENERGY, INC.

TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY

(Registrants)

Date: February 14, 2025 /s/ Gerald R. Bischoff

Gerald R. Bischoff

Vice President and Corporate Controller

(Officer duly authorized to sign this report)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>txnm02142025ex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 4.1

___________________________________________________________________________

___________________________________________________________________________

TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY

To

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

_______________________________________

TWENTY-THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

dated as of February 14, 2025

Supplemental to the First Mortgage Indenture

dated as of March 23, 2009

(file no.: 09-0007931211)

Establishing a series of Securities designated

5.19% FIRST MORTGAGE BONDS, DUE APRIL 1, 2031, SERIES 2025A 

___________________________________________________________________________

___________________________________________________________________________

THIS INSTRUMENT GRANTS A SECURITY INTEREST BY A UTILITY

THIS INSTRUMENT CONTAINS AFTER-ACQUIRED PROPERTY PROVISIONS

Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture 4906-1236-1495 v6.docx

4459707

Address of Debtor:

Texas-New Mexico Power Company

Attention: Treasury

414 Silver Ave. SW, MS 0905 

Albuquerque, New Mexico 87102-3289

Address of Secured Party:

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee

111 Filmore Ave

Saint Paul, Minnesota 55107

Attention: Global Corporate Trust

TWENTY-THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of February 14, 2025, between TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Texas (the Company), and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association(ultimate successor as trustee to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.), as Trustee under the Indenture hereinafter referred to (the Trustee).

RECITALS OF THE COMPANY

WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee a First Mortgage Indenture dated as of March 23, 2009 (the Original Indenture), providing for the issuance by the Company from time to time of its bonds, notes or other evidence of indebtedness to be issued in one or more series (in the Original Indenture and herein called the Securities) and to provide security for the payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest, if any, on the Securities and the performance and observance of the other obligations of the Company thereunder; and

WHEREAS, the Company has also heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee a First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 23, 2009, a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 25, 2009, a Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 30, 2009, as amended by a First Amendment, dated as of December 16, 2010, a Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2011, a Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 3, 2013, a Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 27, 2014, a Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 10, 2016, an Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 24, 2017, a Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 28, 2018, a Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 29, 2019, an Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2019, a Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 24, 2020, a Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 15, 2020, a Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 16, 2021, a Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 12, 2022, a Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2022, a Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 28, 2022, an Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 28, 2023, a Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 28, 2023, a Twentieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 28, 2024, a Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 1, 2024 and a Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 1, 2024 each such supplemental indenture being between the Company and the Trustee, each providing for the establishment of the terms of one or more series of Securities (the Original Indenture, as supplemented by said First Supplemental Indenture, said Second Supplemental Indenture, said Third Supplemental Indenture (as amended), said Fourth Supplemental Indenture, said Fifth Supplemental Indenture, said Sixth Supplemental Indenture, as supplemented and amended by said Seventh Supplemental Indenture, as supplemented by said Eighth Supplemental Indenture, said Ninth Supplemental Indenture, said Tenth Supplemental Indenture, said Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, said Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, said Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, said Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, said Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, said Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, said Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture, said Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, said Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, said Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, said Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture and said Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture the Indenture); and

WHEREAS, on June 1, 2011, MUFG Union Bank, N.A. (under its then name, Union Bank, N.A.) succeeded to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as Trustee under the Indenture; effective March 15, 2021, U.S. Bank National Association succeeded to MUFG Union Bank, N.A. as Trustee under the Indenture; and effective January 29, 2022, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association succeeded to U.S. Bank National Association as Trustee under the Indenture; and

WHEREAS, the Company, in the exercise of the power and authority conferred upon and reserved to it under the provisions of the Indenture and pursuant to appropriate resolutions of the Board of Directors, has duly determined to make, execute and deliver to the Trustee this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture to the Indenture as permitted by Sections 2.01, 3.01 and 14.01 of the Original Indenture in order to establish the form and terms of, and to provide for the creation and issuance of, a new series of Securities under the Indenture to be known as its 5.19% First Mortgage Bonds, due April 1, 2031, Series 2025A in an aggregate principal amount of $140,000,000 (the 2025 Bonds); and

WHEREAS, all things necessary to make the 2025 Bonds, when executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee or any Authenticating Agent and issued upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter and in the Indenture set forth, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company and to make this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture a valid, binding and legal agreement of the Company, have been done.

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS TWENTY-THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE WITNESSETH that, in order to establish the terms of the 2025 Bonds and for and in consideration of the premises and of the covenants contained in the Indenture and in this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, intending to be legally bound, it is mutually covenanted and agreed as follows:

ARTICLE ONE

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. Certain Definitions. Each capitalized term that is used herein and is defined in the Original Indenture shall have the meaning specified in the Original Indenture unless such term is otherwise defined in this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture. Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference herein to a Section or an Exhibit means a Section of, or an Exhibit to, this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, as the case may be. The words herein, hereof and hereunder and words of similar import refer to this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision.

The following terms have the meanings given to them in this Article One and, for purposes of this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, such meanings shall supersede and replace the meanings given them, if any, in the Original Indenture: 

Certain terms, used principally in Article Two, are defined in that Article.

-2-

Blocked Person means (a) a Person whose name appears on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons published by OFAC, (b) a Person, entity or organization that is blocked or a target of sanctions that have been imposed under U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws, or (c) a Person that is an agent, department or instrumentality of, or otherwise beneficially owned fifty percent (50%) or more by, controlled by or acting on behalf of, directly or indirectly, any one or more Person(s), entity or organization described in clause (a) or (b) or a Sanctioned Jurisdiction.

Bond Repurchase Amountis defined in Section 2.07 hereof.

Bond Repurchase Requirementis defined in Section 2.07 hereof.

Capital Stock means (a) in the case of a corporation, all classes of capital stock of such corporation, (b) in the case of a partnership, partnership interests (whether general or limited), (c) in the case of a limited liability company, membership interests and (d) any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person; including, in each case, all warrants, rights or options to purchase any of the foregoing.

Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following: (a) any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all Capital Stock that such person or group has the right to acquire (such right, an option right), whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time), directly or indirectly, of twenty-five percent (25%) of the Capital Stock of the Parent entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the Parent on a fully diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right); (b) during any period of twenty-four (24) consecutive months, a majority of the members of the board of directors or other equivalent governing body of the Parent cease to be composed of individuals (i) who were members of that board or equivalent governing body on the first day of such period, (ii) whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clause (i) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body or (iii) whose election or nomination to that board or other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body; (c) any Person or two or more Persons acting in concert shall have acquired by contract or otherwise, or shall have entered into a contract or arrangement that, upon consummation thereof, will result in its or their acquisition of the power to exercise, directly or indirectly, a controlling influence over the management or policies of the Parent, or control over the Voting Stock of the Parent on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such Voting Stock that such Person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right) representing twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the combined voting power of such Voting Stock; or (d) the Parent shall cease to own, directly or 

-3-

indirectly, and free and clear of all Liens or other encumbrances (other than any Lien in favor of the administrative agent for the benefit of the lenders under any Material Credit Facility (as it may be amended, restated, supplemented, refinanced or otherwise modified from time to time) securing Indebtedness thereunder), at least one-hundred percent (100%) of the outstanding Voting Stock of the Company on a fully diluted basis. 

Change in Control Notice is defined in Section 2.06(a) hereof.

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time.

Consolidated Capitalization means, with respect to any Person, the sum of (a) all of the shareholders equity or net worth of such Person and its Subsidiaries, as determined in accordance with GAAP plus (b) Consolidated Indebtedness of such Person and its Subsidiaries plus (c) the outstanding principal amount of Preferred Stock plus (d) seventy-five percent (75%) of the outstanding principal amount of Specified Securities of such Person and its Subsidiaries.

Consolidated Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, with respect to any Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, an amount equal to (a) all Indebtedness of such Person and its Subsidiaries as of such date minus (b) the outstanding principal amount of stranded cost securitization bonds of such Person and its Subsidiaries minus (c) an amount equal to the lesser of (i) seventy-five percent (75%) of the outstanding principal amount of Specified Securities of such Person and its Subsidiaries and (ii) ten percent (10%) of Consolidated Capitalization (calculated assuming clause (i) above is applicable).

Contingent Obligation means, with respect to any Person, any direct or indirect liability of such Person with respect to any Indebtedness, liability or other obligation (the primary obligation) of another Person (the primary obligor), whether or not contingent, (a) to purchase, repurchase or otherwise acquire such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (b) to advance or provide funds (i) for the payment or discharge or any such primary obligation or (ii) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency or any balance sheet item, level of income or financial condition of the primary obligor, (c) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor in respect thereof to make payment of such primary obligation or (d) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the owner of any such primary obligation against loss or failure or inability to perform in respect thereof; provided, however, that, with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries, the term Contingent Obligation shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Contingent Obligation of any Person shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the maximum amount of such Persons liability with respect to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation for which such Contingent Obligation is incurred or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder).

Controlled Entity means (i) any of the Subsidiaries of the Company and any of their or the Companys respective Controlled Affiliates and (ii) if the Company has a parent company, 

-4-

such parent company and its Controlled Affiliates. As used in this definition, Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

Corporate Trust Office has the meaning given to it in the Original Indenture and for the purposes of such term in the Indenture and this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, the principal corporate trust office of the Trustee is 111 Filmore Ave, Saint Paul, Minnesota 55107, Attention: Global Corporate Trust, unless and until the Trustee shall have designated such other address as contemplated by such term.

Coupon Rate means the Coupon Rate for the 2025 Bonds as defined in Section 2.02 hereof.

Default Rate means as of any date, that rate of interest that is the greater of (i) two percent (2%) per annum above the Coupon Rate for the 2025 Bonds or (ii) two percent (2%) over the rate of interest publicly announced from time to time by U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association in Saint Paul, Minnesota as its base or prime rate, as in effect on such date.

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect. 

ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that is treated as a single employer together with the Company under section 414 of the Code.

ERISA Event means, with respect to the Company: (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Plan or a Multiemployer Plan, (b) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan, or the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of notice from a Multiemployer Plan that it is in insolvency pursuant to section 4245 of ERISA or that it intends to terminate or has terminated under section 4041A of ERISA, (c) the distribution by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate under section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate any Single Employer Plan or the taking of any action to terminate any Single Employer Plan, (d) the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC under section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Single Employer Plan, or the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of a notice from any Multiemployer Plan that such action has been taken by the PBGC with respect to such Multiemployer Plan, (e) the institution of a proceeding by any fiduciary of any Multiemployer Plan against the Company or any ERISA Affiliate to enforce section 515 of ERISA, which is not dismissed within thirty (30) days, (f) the imposition upon the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under section 4007 of ERISA, or the imposition or threatened imposition of any Lien upon any assets of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate as a result of any alleged failure to comply with the Code or ERISA in respect of any Single Employer Plan, (g) the engaging in or otherwise becoming liable for a nonexempt Prohibited Transaction by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate, (h) a violation of the applicable requirements of section 404 or 405 of ERISA or the exclusive benefit rule under section 401(a) of the Code by any fiduciary of any Single Employer Plan for which the Company 

-5-

or any ERISA Affiliate may be directly or indirectly liable, (i) the granting of a security interest in connection with the amendment of a Single Employer Plan or (j) the withdrawal of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiple Employer Plan during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as such term is defined in section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA), or the termination of a Multiple Employer Plan.

FATCA means Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act.

Fiscal Quartermeans each of the calendar quarters ending as of the last day of each March, June, September and December.

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States of America, and, notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic No. 825-10-25 Fair Value Option, International Accounting Standard 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement (or any other Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Company or any Subsidiary at fair value, as defined therein. 

Hedging Agreements means, collectively, interest rate protection agreements, equity index agreements, foreign currency exchange agreements, option agreements or other interest or exchange rate or commodity price hedging agreements (other than forward contracts for the delivery of power or gas written by the Company to its jurisdictional and wholesale customers in the ordinary course of business).

Indebtednessmeans, with respect to any Person (without duplication), (a) all indebtedness and obligations of such Person for borrowed money or in respect of loans or advances of any kind, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments, (c) all reimbursement obligations of such Person with respect to surety bonds, letters of credit and bankers acceptance (in each case, whether or not drawn or matured and in the stated amount thereof), (d) all obligations of such Person to pay for the deferred purchase price of property or services, (e) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person, (f) all obligations of such Person as lessee under leases that are or are required to be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capital leases, to the extent such obligations are required to be so recorded, (g) the net termination obligations of such Person under any Hedging Agreements, calculated as of any date as if such agreement or arrangement were terminated as of such date in accordance with the applicable rules under GAAP, (h) all Contingent Obligations of such Person, (i) all obligations and liabilities of such Person incurred in connection with any transaction or series of transactions providing for the financing of assets through one or more securitizations or in connection with, or pursuant to, any synthetic lease or similar off-balance sheet financing, (j) the aggregate amount of uncollected accounts receivable of such Person subject at the time of determination to a sale of receivables (or similar transaction) to the extent such transaction is effected with recourse to such Person (whether or not such transaction would be reflected on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with 

-6-

GAAP), (k) all Specified Securities and (l) all indebtedness referred to in clauses (a) through (k) above secured by any Lien on any property or asset owned or held by such Person regardless of whether the indebtedness secured thereby shall have been assumed by such Person or is nonrecourse to the credit of such Person.

Interest Payment Date is defined in Section 2.02 hereof.

Institutional Investor means (a) any Holder of a 2025 Bond on the date hereof, (b) any Holder of a 2025 Bond holding (together with one or more of its affiliates) more than 5% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Bonds then outstanding, (c) any bank, trust company, savings and loan association or other financial institution, any pension plan, any investment company, any insurance company, any broker or dealer, or any other similar financial institution or entity, regardless of legal form, and (d) any Related Fund of any Holder of any 2025 Bond.

Lien means, with respect to any Person, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance, or any interest or title of any vendor, lessor, lender or other secured party to or of such Person under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement or capital lease, upon or with respect to any property or asset of such Person (including in the case of stock, stockholder agreements, voting trust agreements and all similar arrangements).

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, operations, affairs, financial condition, assets or properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the Indenture and the 2025 Bonds, or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Indenture and the 2025 Bonds.

Material Credit Facility means, as to the Company and its Subsidiaries, 

(a) the $200,000,000 Credit Agreement among the Company, certain lenders identified therein and certain agents identified therein dated as of April 1, 2024, including any further renewals, extensions, amendments, supplements, restatements, replacements or refinancing thereof (the Credit Agreement); and

(b) any other agreement(s) creating or evidencing indebtedness for borrowed money (other than indebtedness owed to affiliates of the Company), entered into on or after February 14, 2025, by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, or in respect of which the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company is an obligor or otherwise provides a guarantee or other credit support (Credit Facility), in a principal amount outstanding or available for borrowing equal to or greater than $60,000,000 (or the equivalent of such amount in the relevant currency of payment, determined as of the date of the closing of such facility based on the exchange rate of such other currency).

Multiemployer Plan means any Plan that is a multiemployer plan (as such term is defined in section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA).

-7-

Multiple Employer Plan means, with respect to the Company, a Single Employer Plan to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate and at least one employer other than the Company or any ERISA Affiliate are contributing sponsors.

OFAC Sanctions Program means any economic or trade sanction that OFAC is responsible for administering and enforcing. A list of OFAC Sanctions Programs may be found at http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/Programs/Pages/Programs.aspx.

Parent means TXNM Energy, Inc., a New Mexico corporation, together with its successors.

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA or any successor thereto.

Plan means an employee benefit plan (as defined in section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to Title I of ERISA that is or, within the preceding five years, has been established or maintained, or to which contributions are or, within the preceding five years, have been made or required to be made, by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate or with respect to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate may have any liability.

Preferred Stock means, with respect to any Person, all preferred Capital Stock issued by such Person in which the terms thereof do not require such Capital Stock to be redeemed or to make mandatory sinking fund payments.

Proposed Prepayment Date is defined in Section 2.06(b) hereof.

Regular Record Date is defined in Section 2.02 hereof.

Related Fund means, with respect to any Holder of any 2025 Bond, any fund or entity that (i) invests in securities or bank loans, and (ii) is advised or managed by such Holder, the same investment advisor as such Holder or by an Affiliate of such Holder or such investment advisor.

Responsible Officer of the Company means any Senior Financial Officer and any other officer of the Company with responsibility for the administration of the relevant portion of the matters set forth in the Indenture as supplemented and amended.

Restrictive Legend means the legend set forth on the form of the First Mortgage Bonds in Exhibit A hereto.

Rule 144 means Rule 144 (or any successor rule) under the Securities Act.

Sanctioned Jurisdiction means, at any time, a country or territory which is itself subject to or the target of any comprehensive country-wide sanctions under U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws (as opposed to individual, entity or other list-based sanctions).

-8-

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States, or any successor thereto.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect.

Senior Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Company.

Single Employer Plan means any Plan which is covered by Title IV of ERISA, but which is not a Multiemployer Plan or Multiple Employer Plan.

Special Record Date is defined in Section 2.02 hereof.

SpecifiedPrior Supplements means (i) the Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 27, 2014, (ii) the Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 10, 2016 and (iii) the Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 24, 2017; each among the Company and the Trustee and pursuant to the Original Indenture.

Specified Securities means, with respect to any Person, (a) all preferred Capital Stock issued by such Person and required by the terms thereof to be redeemed or for which mandatory sinking fund payments are due, (b) all securities issued by such Person that contain two distinct components, typically medium-term debt and a forward contract for the issuance of common stock prior to the debt maturity, including such securities commonly referred to by their tradenames as FELINE PRIDES, PEPS, HITS, SPACES and DECS and generally referred to as equity units and (c) all other securities issued by such Person that are similar to those described in the forgoing clauses (a) and (b).

Subsidiaryand Subsidiaries means, as to any Person, any other Person in which such first Person or one or more of its Subsidiaries or such first Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries owns sufficient equity or voting interests to enable it or them (as a group) ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, to elect a majority of the directors (or Persons performing similar functions) of such second Person, and any partnership or joint venture if more than a fifty percent (50%) interest in the profits or capital thereof is owned by such first Person or one or more of its Subsidiaries or such first Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries (unless such partnership or joint venture can and does ordinarily take major business actions without the prior approval of such Person or one or more of its Subsidiaries). Any reference to a Subsidiary of the Company herein shall not include a Subsidiary that is inactive, has minimal or no assets and does not generate revenues. Unless the context otherwise clearly requires, any reference to a Subsidiary is a reference to a Subsidiary of the Company. 

TBCCis defined in Section 4.01 hereof.

Total Assetsmeans all assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries as shown on its most recent quarterly consolidated balance sheet, as determined in accordance with GAAP.

-9-

U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws means those laws, executive orders, enabling legislation or regulations administered and enforced by the United States pursuant to which economic sanctions have been imposed on any Person, entity, organization, country or regime, including the Trading with the Enemy Act, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, the Iran Sanctions Act, the Sudan Accountability and Divestment Act and any other OFAC Sanctions Program.

Voting Stockmeans the Capital Stock of a Person that is then outstanding and normally entitled to vote in the election of directors and other securities of such Person convertible into or exercisable for such Capital Stock (whether or not such securities are then currently convertible or exercisable).

ARTICLE TWO 

TITLE, FORM AND TERMS OF THE 2025 BONDS

Section 2.01. Title of the First Mortgage Bonds. This Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture hereby creates a series of Securities designated as the 5.19% First Mortgage Bonds, due April 1, 2031, Series 2025A. The 2025 Bonds shall be executed, authenticated and delivered in accordance with the provisions of, and, except as hereinafter provided, shall in all respects be subject to all of the terms, conditions and covenants of, the Indenture as supplemented by this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture. For purposes of the Indenture, the 2025 Bonds shall constitute a single series of Securities and (subject to the limitations set forth in Article IV of the Original Indenture) shall be issued in an aggregate principal amount of $140,000,000.

Section 2.02. Form and Terms of the 2025 Bonds. The form and terms of the 2025 Bonds pursuant to the authority granted by this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture in accordance with Sections 2.01 and 3.01 of the Original Indenture are set forth herein. The 2025 Bonds shall be issued in registered form without coupons in the denominations of $100,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof, appropriately numbered and substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A hereto for the 2025 Bonds. The terms of the 2025 Bonds contained in the form thereof set forth in Exhibit A hereto are hereby incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof as if set forth in full herein.

The 2025 Bonds shall mature on April 1, 2031 and shall bear interest at the rate of 5.19% per annum (the Coupon Rate) from February 14, 2025 through Maturity, payable semi-annually on the 1st day of April and 1st day of October, in each year commencing October 1, 2025, and on the date of Maturity (each such April 1st, October 1st, and date of Maturity, hereinafter called an Interest Payment Date) until the principal thereof is paid or made available for payment.

If any Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the Interest Payment Date will be the next succeeding Business Day (and no interest or other payment shall be payable in respect of any such delay, provided that any payment of principal of or Make-Whole Amount on any 2025 Bond (including principal due upon Maturity) that is due on a date that is not a Business Day shall be due and payable on the next succeeding Business Day and shall include the 

-10-

additional days elapsed in the computation of interest payable at such next succeeding Business Day). Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months.

The 2025 Bonds shall be payable as to principal, Make-Whole Amount, if any, and interest (including interest on overdue principal and on overdue installments of interest to the extent lawful) in any coin or currency of the United States of America which at the time of payment is legal tender for public and private debts, and shall be payable as provided for in the Indenture. 

To the extent lawful, the Company shall pay interest on overdue principal and Make-Whole Amount, if any, at the Default Rate (instead of the Coupon Rate), from the day any such payment was due until the amount is paid or made available for payment and it shall pay interest on overdue installments of interest at the Default Rate (instead of the Coupon Rate) from the applicable Interest Payment Date until such interest is paid or made available for payment.

The interest so payable on any Interest Payment Date shall be paid to the Persons in whose names the 2025 Bonds are registered at the close of business on the regular record date for such Interest Payment Date, which shall be the fifteenth (15th) day of the month immediately preceding the month in which such Interest Payment Date occurs (hereinafter called a Regular Record Date); except that if the Company shall default in the payment of any interest due on such Interest Payment Date, the Company may elect to make payment of any Defaulted Interest to the Persons in whose names the Securities (or their respective Predecessor Securities) are registered at the close of business on a date (herein called a Special Record Date) established to determine the Holders of record who will receive such Defaulted Interest (which shall be fixed in accordance with Section 3.07 of the Original Indenture), which Special Record Date shall not be more than fifteen (15) days or less than ten (10) days prior to the date proposed by the Company for payment of such Defaulted Interest.

Anything in the Indenture or herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Trustee shall have the right to accept and act upon any notice, instruction, or other communication, including any funds transfer instruction, (each, a Notice) received pursuant to the Indenture or this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture by electronic transmission (including by e-mail, facsimile transmission, web portal or other electronic methods) and shall not have any duty to confirm that the person sending such Notice is, in fact, a person authorized to do so. Electronic signatures believed by the Trustee to comply with the ESIGN Act of 2000 or other applicable law (including electronic images of handwritten signatures and digital signatures provided by DocuSign, Orbit, Adobe Sign or any other digital signature provider identified by any other party hereto and acceptable to the Trustee) shall be deemed original signatures for all purposes. Each other party to this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture assumes all risks arising out of the use of electronic signatures and electronic methods to send Notices to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on an unauthorized Notice and the risk of interception or misuse by third parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee may in any instance and in its sole discretion require that a Notice in the form of an original document bearing a manual signature be delivered to the Trustee in lieu of, or in addition to, any such electronic Notice.

Section 2.03. Optional Prepayments with Make-Whole Amount. The Company may, at its option, upon notice as provided below, prepay at any time all, or from time to time any part of, the 

-11-

2025 Bonds, in an amount not less than ten percent (10%) of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Bonds then outstanding in the case of a partial prepayment, at one-hundred percent (100%) of the principal amount so prepaid, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, and the Make-Whole Amount determined for the prepayment date with respect to such principal amount. The Company will give each Holder of the 2025 Bonds written notice, with a copy to the Trustee, of each optional prepayment under this Section 2.03 not less than ten (10) days and not more than sixty (60) days prior to the date fixed for such prepayment unless the Company and the Holders of more than fifty percent (50%) of the principal amount of the 2025 Bonds then outstanding agree in writing to another time period. Each such notice shall specify such date (which shall be a Business Day), the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Bonds being prepaid on such date, the principal amount of each 2025 Bond held by such Holder to be prepaid (determined in accordance with Section 2.03(a)), and the interest to be paid on the prepayment date with respect to such principal amount being prepaid, and shall be accompanied by a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer as to the estimated Make-Whole Amount with respect to the 2025 Bonds to be prepaid due in connection with such prepayment (calculated as if the date of such notice were the date of the prepayment), setting forth the details of such computation. Two (2) Business Days prior to such prepayment, the Company shall deliver to each Holder of 2025 Bonds a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer specifying the calculation of such Make-Whole Amount as of the specified prepayment date. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 2.03, if and so long as any Event of Default or Bond Repurchase Event shall have occurred and be continuing, any partial prepayment of the 2025 Bonds shall be allocated among all of the 2025 Bonds at the time outstanding in proportion, as nearly as practicable, to the respective unpaid principal amounts thereof. 

(a) Allocation of Partial Prepayments. In the case of each partial prepayment of the 2025 Bonds pursuant to Section 2.03, the principal amount of 2025 Bonds to be prepaid shall be allocated among all of the 2025 Bonds at the time outstanding in proportion, as nearly as practicable, to the respective unpaid principal amounts thereof not theretofore called for prepayment, after giving effect to minimum authorized denominations of $100,000.

(b) Maturity; Surrender, Etc. In the case of each optional prepayment of 2025 Bonds pursuant to this Section 2.03, the principal amount of each 2025 Bond to be prepaid shall mature and become due and payable on the date fixed for such prepayment, together with interest on such principal amount accrued to such date and the applicable Make-Whole Amount, if any. From and after such date, unless the Company shall fail to pay such principal amount when so due and payable, together with the interest and Make-Whole Amount, if any, as aforesaid, interest on such principal amount shall cease to accrue. Any 2025 Bond paid or prepaid in full shall be surrendered to the Company and cancelled and shall not be reissued, and no 2025 Bond shall be issued in lieu of any prepaid principal amount of any 2025 Bond.

Section 2.04. Purchase of Bonds. The Company will not and will not permit any Subsidiary of the Company to purchase, redeem, prepay or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any of the outstanding 2025 Bonds except (a) upon the payment or prepayment of the 2025 Bonds in accordance with this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture and the 2025 Bonds or (b) pursuant to an offer to purchase made by the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company pro rata to the Holders of all 2025 Bonds at the time outstanding upon the same terms and conditions. 

-12-

Any such offer shall provide each Holder with sufficient information to enable it to make an informed decision with respect to such offer, and shall remain open for at least ten (10) Business Days. If the Holders of more than fifty percent (50%) of the principal amount of the 2025 Bonds then outstanding accept such offer, the Company shall promptly notify the remaining Holders of 2025 Bonds of such fact and the expiration date for the acceptance by Holders of 2025 Bonds of such offer shall be extended by the number of days necessary to give each such remaining Holder at least five (5) Business Days from its receipt of such notice to accept such offer. The Company will promptly cancel all 2025 Bonds acquired by it or any Subsidiary of the Company pursuant to any payment, prepayment or purchase of 2025 Bonds pursuant to this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture and no 2025 Bonds may be issued in substitution or exchange for any such 2025 Bonds. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 2.04, if and so long as any Event of Default or Bond Repurchase Event shall have occurred and be continuing, any partial prepayment of the 2025 Bonds shall be allocated among all of the 2025 Bonds at the time outstanding in proportion, as nearly as practicable, to the respective unpaid principal amounts thereof.

Section 2.05. Make-Whole Amount.

Make-Whole Amount means, with respect to any 2025 Bond, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Discounted Value of the Remaining Scheduled Payments with respect to the Called Principal of such 2025 Bond over the amount of such Called Principal, provided that the Make-Whole Amount may in no event be less than zero; provided further that the Make-Whole Amount shall equal zero with respect to the 2025 Bonds if such prepayment occurs on or after the date which is ninety (90) days prior to the Maturity Date of the 2025 Bonds. For the purposes of determining the Make-Whole Amount, the following terms have the following meanings:

Called Principal means, with respect to any 2025 Bond, the principal of such 2025 Bond that is to be prepaid pursuant to Section 2.03 or Section 2.07 or is declared to be due and payable pursuant to Section 10.02 of the Original Indenture.

Discounted Value means, with respect to the Called Principal of any 2025 Bond, the amount obtained by discounting all Remaining Scheduled Payments with respect to such Called Principal from their respective scheduled due dates to the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal, in accordance with accepted financial practice and at a discount factor (applied on the same periodic basis as that on which interest on the 2025 Bonds is payable) equal to the Reinvestment Yield with respect to such Called Principal.

Reinvestment Yield means, with respect to the Called Principal of any 2025 Bond, 0.50% over the yield to maturity implied by the yield(s) reported as of 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the second Business Day preceding the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal, on the display designated as Page PX1 (or such other display as may replace Page PX1) on Bloomberg Financial Markets for the most recently issued actively traded on-the-run U.S. Treasury securities (Reported) having a maturity equal to the Remaining Average Life of such Called Principal as of such Settlement Date. If there are no such U.S. Treasury securities Reported having a maturity equal to such Remaining Average Life, then such implied yield to maturity will be determined by (a) converting U.S. Treasury bill quotations to bond equivalent yields in accordance with accepted financial practice and (b) interpolating linearly between the yields 

-13-

Reported for the applicable most recently issued actively traded on-the-run U.S. Treasury securities with the maturities (1) closest to and greater than such Remaining Average Life and (2) closest to and less than such Remaining Average Life. The Reinvestment Yield shall be rounded to the number of decimal places as appears in the interest rate of the 2025 Bond. 

If such yields are not Reported or the yields Reported as of such time are not ascertainable (including by way of interpolation), then Reinvestment Yield means, with respect to the Called Principal of any 2025 Bond, 0.50% over the yield to maturity implied by the U.S. Treasury constant maturity yields reported, for the latest day for which such yields have been so reported as of the second Business Day preceding the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal, in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (or any comparable successor publication) for the U.S. Treasury constant maturity having a term equal to the Remaining Average Life of such Called Principal as of such Settlement Date. If there is no such U.S. Treasury constant maturity having a term equal to such Remaining Average Life, such implied yield to maturity will be determined by interpolating linearly between (1) the U.S. Treasury constant maturity so reported with the term closest to and greater than such Remaining Average Life and (2) the U.S. Treasury constant maturity so reported with the term closest to and less than such Remaining Average Life. The Reinvestment Yield shall be rounded to the number of decimal places as appears in the interest rate of the applicable 2025 Bond.

Remaining Average Life means, with respect to any Called Principal, the number of years obtained by dividing (i) such Called Principal into (ii) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (a) the principal component of each Remaining Scheduled Payment with respect to such Called Principal by (b) the number of years, computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day months and calculated to two decimal places, that will elapse between the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal and the scheduled due date of such Remaining Scheduled Payment.

Remaining Scheduled Payments means, with respect to the Called Principal of any 2025 Bond, all payments of such Called Principal and interest thereon that would be due after the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal if no payment of such Called Principal were made prior to its scheduled due date, provided that if such Settlement Date is not a date on which interest payments are due to be made under the 2025 Bonds, then the amount of the next succeeding scheduled interest payment will be reduced by the amount of interest accrued to such Settlement Date and required to be paid on such Settlement Date pursuant to Section 2.03 or Section 2.07 or is declared to be due and payable pursuant to Section 10.02 of the Original Indenture.

Settlement Date means, with respect to the Called Principal of any 2025 Bond, the date on which such Called Principal is to be prepaid pursuant to Section 2.03 or Section 2.07 or is declared to be due and payable pursuant to Section 10.02 of the Original Indenture.

Section 2.06. Change in Control. 

(a) Notice of Change in Control. The Company will, within thirty (30) Business Days after the occurrence of any Change in Control, give written notice (the Change in Control Notice) of such Change in Control to each Holder of 2025 Bonds, with a copy to the Trustee. 

-14-

Such Change in Control Notice shall contain and constitute an offer to prepay the 2025 Bonds as described in Section 2.06(b) hereof and shall be accompanied by the certificate described in Section 2.06(e). 

(b) Offer to Prepay Bonds. The offer to prepay 2025 Bonds contemplated by Section 2.06(a) shall be an offer to prepay, in accordance with and subject to this Section 2.06, all, but not less than all, the 2025 Bonds held by each Holder (in this case only, Holder in respect of any 2025 Bond registered in the name of a nominee for a disclosed beneficial owner shall mean such beneficial owner) on a date (which shall be a Business Day) specified in such Change in Control Notice (the Proposed Prepayment Date). Such date shall be not fewer than thirty (30) days and not more than sixty (60) days after the date of delivery of the Change in Control Notice.

(c) Acceptance; Rejection. Any Holder of 2025 Bonds may accept or reject the offer to prepay made pursuant to this Section 2.06 by causing a notice of such acceptance or rejection to be delivered to the Company not fewer than then ten (10) days prior to the Proposed Prepayment Date. A failure by a Holder of 2025 Bonds to respond to an offer to prepay made pursuant to this Section 2.06 shall be deemed to constitute a rejection of such offer by such Holder.

(d) Prepayment. Prepayment of the 2025 Bonds to be prepaid pursuant to this Section 2.06 shall be at one-hundred percent (100%) of the principal amount of the 2025 Bonds together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon but without any Make-Whole Amount or other premium. The prepayment shall be made on the Proposed Prepayment Date.

(e) Company Certificate. Each Change in Control Notice delivered pursuant to Section 2.06(a) shall be accompanied by a certificate, executed by a Senior Financial Officer and dated the date of delivery of the Change in Control Notice, stating: (i) the Proposed Prepayment Date; (ii) that such offer is made pursuant to this Section 2.06; (iii) the principal amount of each 2025 Bond offered to be prepaid (which shall be one-hundred percent (100%) of the outstanding principal balance of each such 2025 Bond); (iv) the amount of accrued interest that would be due and payable on each 2025 Bond offered to be prepaid, accrued to the Proposed Prepayment Date; (v) that the conditions of this Section 2.06 required to be fulfilled prior to the giving of notice have been fulfilled; and (vi) in reasonable detail, a general description of the events that resulted in, and date of occurrence of, the Change in Control.

Section 2.07. Bond Repurchase Event. On the Bond Repurchase Date, the Company shall repurchase (the Bond Repurchase Requirement) the 2025 Bonds for a purchase price equal to the aggregate principal amount of 2025 Bonds then Outstanding, all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, and the Make-Whole Amount determined for the Bond Repurchase Date with respect to such principal amount (the Bond RepurchaseAmount). On the Bond Repurchase Date, the Company will deposit with the Trustee immediately available funds in an amount equal to the Bond Repurchase Amount and the Trustee shall pay such amount as soon as practicable after receipt thereof to the Holders of 2025 Bonds. Payment of a Bond Repurchase Amount shall be deemed to satisfy and discharge in full the principal of, and Make-Whole Amount, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the 2025 Bonds.

-15-

The Companys obligation to satisfy a Bond Repurchase Requirement shall be mandatory upon the occurrence of a Bond Repurchase Event. 

Any 2025 Bonds surrendered to the Trustee in connection with a Bond Repurchase Requirement shall promptly be cancelled in accordance with Section 3.09 of the Original Indenture.

For the purposes of this Section 2.07, the following terms will have the meanings set forth below: 

Bond Repurchase Date means the date of the occurrence of a Bond Repurchase Event with respect to the 2025 Bonds while any of the 2025 Bonds are Outstanding.

A Bond Repurchase Event with respect to 2025 Bonds shall exist if any of the conditions or events described in any of paragraphs (1) through (7) below shall be continuing fifteen (15) days following the first to occur of (i) a Responsible Officer of the Company obtaining actual knowledge of such occurrence or (ii) the Companys receipt of a written notice from any Holder of a 2025 Bond of such occurrence: 

(1) Economic Sanctions, Etc. The Company does, or permits any Controlled Entity to, (a) become (including by virtue of being owned or controlled by a Blocked Person), own or control a Blocked Person or (b) directly or indirectly have any investment in or engage in any dealing or transaction (including any investment, dealing or transaction involving the proceeds of the 2025 Bonds) with any Person if such investment, dealing or transaction (i) would cause any holder or any affiliate of such holder to be in violation of any law or regulation applicable to such holder, or (ii) is prohibited by any U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws.

(2) Sale or Lease of Assets. The Company sells, leases, transfers or otherwise disposes of, any of its assets (including, without limitation, all or substantially all of its assets, whether in one transaction or a series of related transactions) except (a) sales or other transfers of assets for fair value, if the aggregate value of all such transactions in any calendar year does not exceed twenty-five percent (25%) of the book value of Total Assets of the Company, as calculated as of the end of the most recent Fiscal Quarter, and (b) sales, leases, transfers or other dispositions, at less than fair value, of any other assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, provided that the aggregate book value of such assets shall not exceed $25,000,000 in any calendar year. 

(3) Debt Capitalization. The ratio of (i) Consolidated Indebtedness of the Company to (ii) Consolidated Capitalization of the Company is greater than 0.65 to 1.0 (a) as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Company or (b) at any time if any first mortgage bonds issued under Specified Prior Supplements remain outstanding.

(4) Financial and Business Information. The Company fails to deliver to each Holder of 2025 Bonds that is an Institutional Investor the documents set forth below in paragraphs (a) Quarterly Statements, (b) Annual Statements, (c) SEC and other Reports (if any), (d) Notice of Event of Default or Bond Repurchase Event (if any), and (e) ERISA Matters (if any) by either (i) within the time periods set forth in such paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e)(x) delivering paper 

-16-

copies, to the address, if any, specifically designated therefore by such Holder, by hand-delivery or by overnight courier or (y) delivering electronic copies by email or (ii) with respect to the documents set forth in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c), giving written notice within fifteen (15) Business Days after the timely filing on EDGAR or posting on its home page or on its Parents home page on the internet or on Intralinks or on any similar website to which each Holder of the 2025 Bonds has free access, by the Company of a Form 10-K (or such annual financial statements satisfying the requirements of paragraph (b) below), Form 10-Q (or such quarterly financial statements satisfying the requirements of paragraph (a) below), Form 8-K or any proxy statement, as the case may be:

(a) Quarterly Statements within sixty (60) days (or such shorter period as is the earlier of (x) fifteen (15) days greater than the period applicable to the filing of the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the Form 10-Q) with the SEC regardless of whether the Company is subject to the filing requirements thereof and (y) the date by which such financial statements are required to be delivered under any Material Credit Facility or the date on which such corresponding financial statements are delivered under any Material Credit Facility if such delivery occurs earlier than such required delivery date) after the end of each quarterly fiscal period in each fiscal year of the Company (other than the last quarterly fiscal period of each such fiscal year), duplicate copies of

(i) a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter, and

(ii) consolidated statements of income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries, for such quarter and (in the case of the second and third quarters) for the portion of the fiscal year ending with such quarter, 

setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding periods in the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, prepared in accordance with GAAP applicable to quarterly financial statements generally, and certified by a Senior Financial Officer as fairly presenting, in all material respects, the financial position of the companies being reported on and their results of operations and cash flows, subject to changes resulting from year-end adjustments, provided that delivery within the time period specified above of copies of the Companys Form 10-Q prepared in compliance with the requirements therefor and filed with the SEC shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this paragraph (a) - Quarterly Statements; 

(b) Annual Statements within one hundred twenty (120) days (or such shorter period as is the earlier of (x) fifteen (15) days greater than the period applicable to the filing of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K) with the SEC regardless of whether the Company is subject to the filing requirements thereof and (y) the date by which such financial statements are required to be delivered under any Material Credit Facility or the date on which such corresponding financial statements are delivered under any Material Credit Facility if such delivery occurs earlier than such 

-17-

required delivery date) after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, duplicate copies of:

(i) a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such year, and

(ii) consolidated statements of income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, prepared in accordance with GAAP, and accompanied by an opinion thereon (without a going concern or similar qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of the audit on which such opinion is based) of independent public accountants of recognized national standing, which opinion shall state that such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the companies being reported upon and their results of operations and cash flows and have been prepared in conformity with GAAP, and that the examination of such accountants in connection with such financial statements has been made in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, and that such audit provides a reasonable basis for such opinion in the circumstances, provided that the delivery within the time period specified above of the Companys Form 10-K for such fiscal year (together with the Companys annual report to shareholders, if any, prepared pursuant to Rule 14a-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) prepared in accordance with the requirements therefor and filed with the SEC, shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this paragraph (b)-Annual Statements;

(c) SEC and Other Reports promptly upon their becoming available, one copy of (i) each financial statement, report, notice or proxy statement sent by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company to its principal lending banks as a whole (excluding information sent to such banks in the ordinary course of administration of a bank facility, such as information relating to pricing and borrowing availability) or to its public securities holders generally, and (ii) each regular or periodic report, each registration statement that shall have become effective (without exhibits except as expressly requested by such Holder), and each final prospectus and all amendments thereto filed by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company with the SEC; 

(d) Notice of Event of Default or Bond Repurchase Event promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after a Responsible Officer of the Company becomes aware of the existence of any Event of Default or any Bond Repurchase Event, a written notice specifying the nature and period of existence thereof and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto; and

(e) ERISA Matters promptly, and in any event within ten (10) days after a Responsible Officer of the Company becoming aware of any of the following, a written notice setting forth the nature thereof and the action, if any, that the Company or an ERISA Affiliate proposes to take with respect thereto:

-18-

(i) with respect to any Plan, any Reportable Event would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or

(ii) the taking by the PBGC of steps to institute, or the threatening by the PBGC of the institution of, proceedings under section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Single Employer Plan, or the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of a notice from a Multiemployer Plan that such action has been taken by the PBGC with respect to such Multiemployer Plan, which in either event would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or

(iii) any event, transaction or condition that could result in the incurrence of any liability by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Title I or IV of ERISA or the penalty or excise tax provisions of the Code relating to employee benefit plans, or in the imposition of any Lien on any of the rights, properties or assets of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Title I or IV of ERISA or such penalty or excise tax provisions, if such liability or Lien, taken together with any other such liabilities or Liens then existing, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(5) Officers Certificate. The Company fails to deliver to each Holder of 2025 Bonds that is an Institutional Investor, in the manner and at the time periods set forth above in paragraph 4(a)-Quarterly Statements and paragraph 4(b)-Annual Statements, a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer certifying that such Senior Financial Officer has reviewed the relevant terms of this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture and of the Indenture and has made, or caused to be made, under his or her supervision, a review of the transactions and conditions of the Company and its Subsidiaries from the beginning of the quarterly or annual period covered by the statements then being furnished to the date of the certificate and that such review shall not have disclosed the existence during such period of any condition or event that constitutes an Event of Default or Bond Repurchase Event with respect to the 2025 Bonds or, if any such condition or event existed or exists, specifying the nature and period of existence thereof and what action the Company shall have taken or proposes to take with respect thereto.

(6) Material Credit Facilities. With respect to any Material Credit Facility (a) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company defaults in the payment of any principal of or premium or make-whole amount or interest that is outstanding in an aggregate principal amount of at least $20,000,000 beyond any period of grace with respect thereto, or (b) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company is in default in the performance of or compliance with any term of any Material Credit Facility in an aggregate outstanding principal amount of at least $20,000,000 or any other condition exists, and as a consequence of such default such Material Credit Facility has become, or has been declared (or one or more Persons are entitled to declare such Material Credit Facility to be), due and payable before its stated maturity or before its regularly scheduled dates of payment, or (c) as a consequence of the occurrence or continuation of any event or condition (other than the passage of time or the right of the holder or lender of any Material Credit Facility to convert such indebtedness into equity interests), (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company has become obligated to purchase or repay such indebtedness before its regular 

-19-

maturity or before its regularly scheduled dates of payment in an aggregate outstanding principal amount of at least $20,000,000, or (ii) one or more Persons have the right to require the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company so to purchase or repay such indebtedness.

(7) Material Misrepresentation. Any representation or warranty made in writing by or on behalf of the Company in this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture or in any writing furnished to the Holders of the 2025 Bonds in connection with the 2025 Bonds proves to have been false or incorrect in any material respect on the date made.

Section 2.08. Withholding. By acceptance of any 2025 Bond, the Holder thereof agrees that such Holder will with reasonable promptness duly complete and deliver to the Company, or to such other Person as may be reasonably requested by the Company, from time to time (a) in the case of any such Holder that is a United States Person, such Holders United States tax identification number or other forms reasonably requested by the Company necessary to establish such Holders status as a United States Person under FATCA and as may otherwise be necessary for the Company to comply with its obligations under FATCA and (b) in the case of any such Holder that is not a United States Person, such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation as may be necessary for the Company to comply with its obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Holder has complied with such Holders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount (if any) to deduct and withhold or cause to be deducted and withheld from any such payment made to such Holder (and the Company agrees that under current FATCA regulations in place as of the date of this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture as originally executed, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, as well as a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Schedule 2.08 attached hereto, in both cases completed and executed, shall satisfy this requirement). Nothing in this Section 2.08 shall require any Holder to provide information that is confidential or proprietary to such Holder unless the Company is required to obtain such information under FATCA and, in such event, the Company shall treat any such information it receives as confidential. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, the Trustee or any Paying Agent shall be entitled to make a deduction or withholding from any payment which it makes under this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or charges if and to the extent so required by any applicable law and any current or future regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto or by virtue of the relevant Holder failing to satisfy any certification or other requirements in respect of the 2025 Bonds, in which event the Trustee or such Paying Agent shall make such payment after such withholding or deduction has been made and shall account to the relevant authorities for the amount so withheld or deducted and shall have no obligation to gross up any payment hereunder or pay any additional amount as a result of such withholding tax.

Section 2.09. Payment on Bonds.

(a) Place of Payment, etc. Subject to Section 2.09(b), payments of principal, Make-Whole Amount, if any, and interest due and payable on the 2025 Bonds shall be made in 

-20-

Saint Paul, Minnesota at the Corporate Trust Office of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association. Registration of transfer and exchange of the 2025 Bonds shall be effected, in accordance with Section 3.05 of the Indenture, in Saint Paul, Minnesota at the Corporate Trust Office of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association. Notice and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the 2025 Bonds and the Indenture, as supplemented and amended, may be served, in addition to the provisions of Section 1.08 of the Indenture, in Saint Paul, Minnesota at the Corporate Trust Office of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association. The Company may at any time, by notice to each Holder of a 2025 Bond, change the place of payment of the 2025 Bonds, place where registration or exchange may be effected and where such notices and demands shall be served so long as such place of payment shall be either the principal office of the Company in such jurisdiction or the principal corporate trust office of a bank or trust company in such city. U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association will be the Paying Agent and Security Registrar for the 2025 Bonds.

(b) Home Office Payment. With respect to all Holders of the 2025 Bonds on the date hereof and any Institutional Investor that subsequently becomes a Holder of a 2025 Bond and complies with the provisions of this Section 2.09(b), all sums becoming due on the 2025 Bonds for principal, Make-Whole Amount, if any, interest and all other amounts due hereunder to each Holder of a 2025 Bond shall be paid to each such Holder by the method and at the address of such Holder in the Security Register, without the presentation or surrender of such 2025 Bond or the making of any notation thereon, except that upon written request of the Company made concurrently with or reasonably promptly after payment or prepayment in full of any 2025 Bond, such Holder shall surrender such 2025 Bond for cancellation, reasonably promptly after any such request, to the Company at its principal executive office or at the place of payment most recently designated by the Company pursuant to Section 2.09(a). Prior to any sale, transfer or other disposition of any 2025 Bond held on the date hereof by a Holder or its nominee, such Holder will, at its election, either endorse thereon the amount of principal paid thereon and the last date to which interest has been paid thereon or surrender such 2025 Bond to the Company in exchange for a new 2025 Bond or 2025 Bonds pursuant to Section 3.05 of the Original Indenture. 

Section 2.10. Consent in Contemplation of Transfer. Any consent given pursuant to Section 14.02 of the Original Indenture by a Holder of a 2025 Bond that has transferred or has agreed to transfer its 2025 Bond to the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company or any Affiliate of the Company in connection with such consent shall be void and of no force or effect except solely as to such Holder, and any amendments effected or waivers granted or to be effected or granted that would not have been or would not be so effected or granted but for such consent (and the consents of all other Holders of 2025 Bonds that were acquired under the same or similar conditions) shall be void and of no force or effect except solely as to such Holder.

Section 2.11. Restrictions on Transfer. The 2025 Bonds and any related documents may be amended or supplemented from time to time by the Company without the consent of any Holder to modify the restrictions on and procedures for resales and other transfers of the 2025 Bonds to reflect any change in applicable law or regulation (or the interpretation thereof) or in practices relating to the resale or transfer of restricted securities generally. Holders of the 2025 Bonds are deemed by the acceptance of such 2025 Bonds to have agreed to any such amendment or supplement.

-21-

The Company shall issue a 2025 Bond that does not bear the Restrictive Legend in replacement of a 2025 Bond bearing the Restrictive Legend at the request of any Holder following such request if (i) the Holder shall have obtained an opinion of counsel reasonably acceptable to the Company in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company to the effect that the First Mortgage Bond may lawfully be disposed of without registration, qualification or legend pursuant to Rule 144, or (ii) the Holder sells or otherwise transfers the First Mortgage Bond pursuant to Rule 144 or an effective registration statement.

Section 2.12. Sinking Fund. The 2025 Bonds are not subject to any sinking fund.

Section 2.13. Calculations, etc. The Trustee may conclusively presume that no optional prepayment pursuant to Section 2.03, Change in Control or Bond Repurchase Event shall have occurred unless and until a Responsible Officer of the Trustee shall have received at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee a certificate executed by a Senior Financial Officer specifying the following:

1. in the case of an optional prepayment pursuant to Section 2.03, the name of each Holder to which such payments will be made, the amount of each such payment (including the applicable Make-Whole Amount and accrued interest), and the date of such payment and;

2. in the case of a Change in Control, the name of each Holder that accepts the related offer to prepay, the amount of each such payment (including accrued interest), and the date of such payment; and 

3. in the case of a Bond Repurchase Event, the name of each Holder to which the Bond Repurchase Amount is to be paid, the amount of such Bond Repurchase Amount payment and the Bond Repurchase Date.

The Trustee shall be under no duty to inquire into, may conclusively presume the correctness of, shall be fully protected in relying upon the Companys calculation of any optional prepayment amount, Change in Control repurchase payment or Bond Repurchase Amount, including interest and, if and to the extent applicable, any Make-Whole Amount, and shall have no responsibility for such calculation.

ARTICLE THREE

ISSUANCE OF THE 2025 BONDS

Section 3.01. Authentication. The 2025 Bonds in the aggregate principal amount of $140,000,000 may forthwith be executed by the Company and delivered to the Trustee and shall be authenticated and delivered by the Trustee (either before or after the filing or recording hereof) pursuant to and in accordance with a Company Order delivered pursuant to, and upon compliance by the Company with the other applicable provisions and requirements of, Article IV of the Original Indenture.

-22-

ARTICLE FOUR

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 4.01. Utility and Transmitting Utility. The Company is a utility as defined in Section 261.001(a) of the Texas Business and Commerce Code (the TBCC). The Company intends to subject the Original Indenture, as heretofore supplemented and amended and as supplemented by this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, to the requirements and benefits of Chapter 261 of the TBCC. The perfection of and notice provided by the Original Indenture, as heretofore supplemented and amended and as supplemented by this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, under Section 261.004 of the TBCC with respect to the interest in property granted as security thereunder shall be effective from its date of deposit for filing until and to the extent such interest in property is released by the filing of a termination statement or a release of such interest in property, in each case signed or authorized in writing by the Trustee, and no renewal, refiling or continuation statement shall be required to continue such effectiveness. The Company is also a transmitting utility as defined in Section 9.102 of the TBCC. The Original Indenture, as heretofore supplemented and amended and as supplemented by this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, shall remain effective as (a) a financing statement until a termination statement is filed, as provided in Section 9.515(f) of the TBCC, and (b) a financing statement filed as a fixture filing until the Original Indenture (as heretofore supplemented and amended and as supplemented by this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture) is released in full or satisfied of record or its effectiveness otherwise terminates as to the real property covered thereby, as provided in Section 9.515(g) of the TBCC.

Section 4.02. Ratification. The Indenture, as supplemented by this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed part of the Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein and therein provided. 

Section 4.03. Trustee. The Trustee hereby accepts the trust hereby declared and provided, and agrees to perform the same upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture, as supplemented by this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture or of the 2025 Bonds or the due execution hereof or thereof by the Company or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein or therein (except the Trustees certificate of authentication) or the statements contained in Section 4.01, all of which recitals and statements are made by the Company solely.

Section 4.04. Governing Law. This Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture and the 2025 Bonds shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York (including without limitation Section 5-1401 of the New York General Obligations Law or any successor to such statute), except to the extent that the Trust Indenture Act would be applicable were this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture qualified under the Trust Indenture Act and except to the extent that the law of any other jurisdiction shall mandatorily govern the creation, perfection, priority or enforcement of the Lien of the Indenture, as supplemented by this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture or the exercise of remedies with respect to the Mortgaged Property.

-23-

Section 4.05. Counterparts. The Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture referred to herein is an indenture supplemental to the Indenture. This Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture may be simultaneously executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original; but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

Section 4.06. USA PATRIOT Act. The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance with Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act, the Trustee, like all financial institutions and in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The parties to this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture agree that they shall provide the Trustee with such information as it may request in order for the Trustee to satisfy the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act.

Section 4.07. Notices to the Trustee. Notice is hereby given that the address of the Trustee for purposes of Section 1.08 of the Indenture is:

If to the Trustee, to:

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

111 Filmore Ave

Mail Code EP-MN-WS3C

Saint Paul, Minnesota 55107

Attention: Corporate Trust TNMP Admin

or such other address as the Trustee may from time to time designate pursuant to said Section 1.08.

-24-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY has caused this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture to be executed on its behalf and said U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee as aforesaid, in evidence of its acceptance of the trust hereby created, has caused this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture to be executed on its behalf, to be effective as of the date first written above.

TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY

By:/s/ Elisabeth A. Eden 

Name: Elisabeth A. Eden

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Acknowledgment

STATE OF NEW MEXICO )

COUNTY OF BERNALILLO )

This instrument was acknowledged before me on this 6th day of February, 2025, by Elisabeth A. Eden, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY, a Texas corporation, on behalf of said corporation.

/s/ Victoria J. Quintana__________________

Notary Public in and for the State of New Mexico

[Signature Page to Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture to 

First Mortgage Indenture of Texas-New Mexico Power Company]

By:/s/ Joshua A. Hahn 

Name: Joshua A. Hahn

Title: Vice President

STATE OF ARIZONA )

COUNTY OF MARICOPA )

Before me, the undersigned notary, on this day personally appeared Joshua A. Hahn, known to me (or proved to me through Drivers License (description of identity card or other document)) to be the person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same, in his/her capacity as Vice President of U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, acting in its capacity as Trustee, for the purposes and consideration therein expressed.

Given under my hand and seal of office this 6th day of February, A.D., 2025.

Signature:/s/ Kristi M. Pardee 

(seal)

[Signature Page to Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture to 

First Mortgage Indenture of Texas-New Mexico Power Company]

SCHEDULE 2.08 TO THE TWENTY-THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

[FORM OF] 

U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Reference is hereby made to that certain First Mortgage Indenture dated as of March 23, 2009 (the Original Indenture), from Texas New-Mexico Power Company (the Company) to U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), as previously amended and supplemented by certain supplemental indentures including the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture (the Supplement, and the Original Indenture as supplemented and amended by such other supplemental indentures and the Supplement, the Indenture). Certain capitalized and other terms used in this Agreement are defined in the Indenture. 

The undersigned hereby certifies that:

(i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the 2025 Bonds in respect of which it is providing this certificate;

(ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code;

(iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code; and 

(iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Company as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.

The undersigned has furnished the Company with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E. 

[Purchaser Name]

By:

Name:

Title:

Date: _____________ 

EXHIBIT A

[FORM OF 5.19% FIRST MORTGAGE BOND, DUE APRIL 1, 2031, SERIES 2025A]

THIS BOND HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM UNDER SUCH ACT, EXCEPT UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES WHERE NEITHER SUCHREGISTRATION NOR SUCH EXEMPTION IS REQUIRED BY LAW.

TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY

(Incorporated under the laws of the State of Texas)

5.19% First Mortgage Bond, due April 1, 2031, Series 2025A

No. [Date]

$[________] PPN: 882884 G@2

TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Texas (hereinafter called the Company, which term shall include any Successor Corporation under the Indenture), for value received, hereby promises to pay to _____________________, or registered assigns, on April 1, 2031 (the Maturity), the principal sum of [___________ dollars ($________)] (or so much thereof as shall not have been prepaid), in any coin or currency of the United States of America which at the time of payment is legal tender for public and private debts, and to pay interest on said principal sum in like coin or currency from the date hereof, or from the most recent April 1 or October 1 to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, at the at the rate of five and 19/100th percent (5.19%) per annum (the Coupon Rate), payable semi-annually, on the first (1st) day of April and the first (1st) day of October in each year, commencing October 1, 2025 until Maturity, and at Maturity (each an Interest Payment Date). To the extent permitted by law, the Company shall pay interest on any overdue principal or Make-Whole Amount, if any, at the Default Rate (instead of the Coupon Rate), from the day such principal or Make-Whole Amount was due until paid or made available for payment and it shall pay interest on any overdue installments of interest at the Default Rate (instead of the Coupon Rate), from the applicable Interest Payment Date until such interest is paid or made available for payment. For purposes of the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture and this Security, the term interest shall be deemed to include interest provided for in the first and second immediately preceding sentences. If any Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day then payment of interest payable on such date will be made on the next succeeding Business Day (and no interest or other payment shall be payable in respect of any such delay, provided that any payment of principal of or Make-Whole Amount on this Security (including principal due upon Maturity) that is due on a date that is not a Business Day shall be due and payable on the next succeeding Business Day and shall include the additional days elapsed in the computation of interest payable at such next succeeding Business Day). Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of twelve (12) thirty (30)-day months. 

The interest so payable on any Interest Payment Date will, subject to certain exceptions provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such Interest Payment Date, which shall be the fifteenth (15th) day of the month in which such Interest Payment Date occurs; except that if the Company shall default in the payment of any interest due on such Interest Payment Date, such defaulted interest shall be paid to the Holder of this Security as of the close of business on a date selected by the Trustee (in accordance with Section 3.07 of the Indenture) (a Special Record Date), which Special Record Date shall not be more than fifteen (15) days or less than ten (10) days prior to the date proposed by the Company for payment of such defaulted interest.

Principal of, and Make-Whole Amount (if any) and interest on this Security are payable at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, in Saint Paul, Minnesota, as Paying Agent for the Company; provided however, that the Company may at any time, by notice to the Holder of this Security, change the place of payment so long as the place of payment shall be either the principal office of the Company in such city or the principal Corporate Trust Office of a bank or trust company in such city and further provided that if the Holder of this Security shall have specified by written notice to the Company an address and reasonable method for such payment pursuant to and in compliance with Section 2.09(b) of the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, the Company shall make such payment at the address and by the reasonable method set forth in such written notice.

This Security is subject to (1) prepayment at the option of the Company in whole at any time, or in part from time to time, (2) prepayment in whole at the option of the Holder hereof in connection with a Change in Control and (3) mandatory repurchase in whole upon the occurrence of a Bond Repurchase Event, in each case at the times, in the amounts and upon the terms specified in Sections 2.03, 2.06 and 2.07, respectively, of the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture. This Security is not otherwise subject to optional redemption.

The provisions of this Security are continued on the reverse hereof, and such continued provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place.

This Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or any indenture supplemental thereto, or be valid or obligatory for any purpose, unless U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, the Trustee under the Indenture, or a successor trustee thereto under the Indenture, shall have manually signed the certificate of authentication endorsed hereon.

A-2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY has caused the signature of its duly authorized officer to be hereto affixed.

Dated: ____________

TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY

By:

Name:

Title:

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture, as supplemented and amended, including as supplemented by the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture.

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By:

Authorized Officer

A-3

[Form of Reverse of 

5.19% First Mortgage Bond, due April 1, 2031, Series 2025A]

This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of Securities of the Company (herein called the First Mortgage Bonds), unlimited in aggregate principal amount, of the series hereinafter specified, all issued and to be issued under and equally secured by an indenture, dated as of March 23, 2009, executed by the Company to U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (ultimate successor as trustee to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.), as Trustee (herein called the Trustee) (said indenture being herein called the Indenture), to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto (including the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture hereinafter referred to) reference is hereby made for a description of the properties mortgaged and pledged, the nature and extent of the security, the rights of the registered owners of the First Mortgage Bonds and of the Trustee in respect thereto, and the terms and conditions upon which the First Mortgage Bonds are, and are to be, secured, and for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the First Mortgage Bonds and of the terms upon which the First Mortgage Bonds are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. To the extent permitted by, and as provided in, the Indenture, modifications or alterations of the Indenture, or of any indenture supplemental thereto, and of the rights and obligations of the Company and of the Holders of the First Mortgage Bonds may be made, in certain cases without the consent of the Holders of the First Mortgage Bonds, as set forth in Section 14.01 of the Indenture, and otherwise with the consent of the Company by an affirmative vote of not less than a majority in amount of the First Mortgage Bonds entitled to vote then outstanding, at a meeting of Holders of the First Mortgage Bonds called and held as provided in the Indenture, or by an affirmative vote of not less than a majority in amount of the First Mortgage Bonds of any series entitled to vote then outstanding and affected by such modifications or alterations, in case one or more but less than all of the series of First Mortgage Bonds then outstanding under the Indenture are so affected; provided, however, that no such modifications or alterations shall be made which will affect the terms of payment of the principal of, or interest on, this Security, which are unconditional. The First Mortgage Bonds may be issued in series, for various principal sums, may mature at different times, may bear interest at different rates and may otherwise vary as provided in the Indenture. This Security is one of a series designated as 5.19% First Mortgage Bonds, due April 1, 2031, Series 2025A of the Company, issued under and secured by the Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto and described in an indenture supplemental thereto (herein called the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture), dated as of February 14, 2025, executed by the Company to the Trustee.

The Company, at its option, may redeem all, or from time to time, any part of the First Mortgage Bonds of this series on not less than ten (10) days nor more than sixty (60) days notice by first-class mail, postage prepaid as provided in the Indenture at a Redemption Price equal to the sum of the principal amount so prepaid plus the Make-Whole Amount as defined in the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture and upon the other terms and conditions therein and in the Indenture provided. 

The Trustee shall be under no duty to inquire into, may conclusively presume the correctness of, shall be fully protected in relying upon the Companys calculation of any optional 

A-4

prepayment amount, Change in Control repurchase payment or Bond Repurchase Amount, including interest and, if and to the extent applicable, any Make-Whole Amount, and shall have no responsibility for such calculation.

In the event of prepayment of the First Mortgage Bonds of this series in part only, a new Security of First Mortgage Bonds of this series and of like tenor for the non-prepaid portion hereof will be issued in the name of the Holder hereof upon the cancellation hereof. 

The Indenture contains provisions for satisfaction and discharge of the entire indebtedness of the First Mortgage Bonds of this series.

In case an Event of Default shall occur, the principal of all the First Mortgage Bonds at any such time Outstanding under the Indenture may be declared or may become due and payable, upon the conditions and in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. The Indenture provides that such declaration may in certain events be waived by the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the First Mortgage Bonds outstanding. In the event of any declaration of acceleration of the maturity of the First Mortgage Bonds, the amount due and payable on this Security (and for all outstanding First Mortgage Bonds of this series) shall consist of the unpaid principal and accrued and unpaid interest thereon plus the Make-Whole Amount (as defined in Section 2.05 of the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture), which Make-Whole Amount shall be determined as of the date of such declaration. 

No recourse shall be had for the payment of the principal of, or Make-Whole Amount, if any, or the interest on, this Security, or for any claim based hereon or on the Indenture or any indenture supplemental thereto, against any incorporator, or against any stockholder, director or officer, past, present or future, of the Company, as such, or of any predecessor or successor corporation, either directly or through the Company or any such predecessor or successor corporation, whether for amounts unpaid on stock subscriptions or by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law, or by the enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise, all such liability, whether at common law, in equity, by any constitution, statute or otherwise, of incorporators, stockholders, directors or officers being released by every owner hereof by the acceptance of this First Mortgage Bond and as part of the consideration for the issue hereof, and being likewise released by the terms of the Indenture.

This Security is transferable by the registered owner hereof, in person or by duly authorized attorney, on the books of the Company to be kept for that purpose as provided for in the Indenture upon surrender and cancellation of this Security and on presentation of a duly executed written instrument of transfer, and thereupon a new Security of the same series of First Mortgage Bonds, of the same aggregate principal amount and in authorized denominations will be issued to the transferee or transferees in exchange therefor; and this Security, with or without others of like series, may in like manner be exchanged for one or more new First Mortgage Bonds of the same series of other authorized denominations but of the same aggregate principal amount; all upon payment of the charges and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture.

This Security shall be subject to certain restrictions on transfer as set forth in the Indenture and the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture.

A-5

This Security shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York (including without limitation Section 5-1401 of the New York General Obligations Law or any successor to such statute), except to the extent that the Trust Indenture Act would be applicable were the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture qualified under the Trust Indenture Act and except to the extent that the law of any other jurisdiction shall mandatorily govern the creation, perfection, priority or enforcement of the Lien of the Indenture, as supplemented and amended by all indentures supplemental thereto (including the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture), or the exercise of remedies with respect to the Mortgaged Property.

All capitalized terms used but not defined in this Security shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture or the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, as applicable. 

A-6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>txnm02142025ex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.1

TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY

$140,000,000

$140,000,000 5.19% First Mortgage Bonds, due April 1, 2031, Series 2025A 

______________

BOND PURCHASE AGREEMENT

______________

Dated February 14, 2025

Bond Purchase Agreement 2025 (TNMP) 4917-8410-3953 v10.docx

4459707

TABLE OF CONTENTS

SECTION HEADING PAGE

SECTION 1. AUTHORIZATION OF BONDS 1

SECTION 2. SALE AND PURCHASE OF BONDS 2

SECTION 3. CLOSING 2

SECTION 4. CONDITIONS TO CLOSING 3

Section 4.1. Representations and Warranties 3

Section 4.2. Performance; No Event of Default or Bond Repurchase Event 3

Section 4.3. Compliance Certificates 3

Section 4.4. Opinions of Counsel 3

Section 4.5. Purchase Permitted by Applicable Law, Etc 4

Section 4.6. Sale of Other Bonds 4

Section 4.7. Payment of Special Counsel Fees 4

Section 4.8. Private Placement Number 4

Section 4.9. Changes in Corporate Structure 4

Section 4.10. Funding Instructions 4

Section 4.11. Proceedings and Documents 5

Section 4.12. Issuance of Bonds under Indenture; Execution and Delivery and Filing and Recording of the Supplements 5

Section 4.13. Regulatory Approvals 5

SECTION 5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY 5

Section 5.1. Organization; Power and Authority 5

Section 5.2. Authorization, Etc 6

Section 5.3. Disclosure 6

Section 5.4. Organization and Ownership of Shares of Subsidiaries; Affiliates 6

Section 5.5. Financial Statements; Material Liabilities 7

Section 5.6. Compliance with Laws, Other Instruments, Etc 7

Section 5.7. Governmental Authorizations, Etc 7

Section 5.8. Litigation; Observance of Statutes and Orders 8

Section 5.9. Taxes 8

Section 5.10. Title to Property; Leases 8

Section 5.11. Licenses, Permits, Etc 9

Section 5.12. Compliance with ERISA 9

Section 5.13. Private Offering by the Company 10

Section 5.14. Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations 10

Section 5.15. Existing Indebtedness 10

Section 5.16. Foreign Assets Control Regulations, Etc 11

-i-

Section 5.17. Status under Certain Statutes 12

Section 5.18. Lien of Indenture 12

SECTION 6. REPRESENTATIONS OF THE PURCHASERS 12

Section 6.1. Purchase for Investment 12

Section 6.2. Source of Funds 13

SECTION 7. INFORMATION AS TO COMPANY 14

Section 7.1. Visitation 14

SECTION 8. COVENANTS 15

Section 8.1. Compliance with Law 15

Section 8.2. Books and Records 15

Section 8.3. Transactions with Affiliates 15

Section 8.4. Line of Business 16

SECTION 9. REMEDIES ON DEFAULT 16

SECTION 10. EXPENSES, ETC. 16

Section 10.1. Transaction Expenses 16

Section 10.2. Survival 16

SECTION 11. SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; ENTIRE AGREEMENT 17

SECTION 12. AMENDMENT AND WAIVER 17

Section 12.1. Requirements 17

Section 12.2. Solicitation of Holders of Bonds 17

Section 12.3. Binding Effect, Etc 18

Section 12.4. Bonds Held by Company, Etc 18

SECTION 13. REPRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS 18

SECTION 14. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 18

SECTION 15. SUBSTITUTION OF PURCHASER 20

SECTION 16. MISCELLANEOUS 20

Section 16.1. Successors and Assigns 20

Section 16.2. Severability 20

Section 16.3. Construction, Etc 20

Section 16.4. Counterparts 21

Section 16.5. Governing Law 21

-ii-

Section 16.6. Jurisdiction and Process; Waiver of Jury Trial 21

Section 16.7. Notices 22

-iii-

SCHEDULE A DEFINED TERMS

SCHEDULE 4.4(a) FORM OF OPINIONS OF VARIOUS COUNSEL TO THE COMPANY

SCHEDULE 4.4(b) FORM OF OPINIONS OF SPECIAL COUNSEL FOR THE PURCHASERS

SCHEDULE 5.3 DISCLOSURE MATERIALS

SCHEDULE 5.4 ORGANIZATION AND OWNERSHIP OF SHARES OF SUBSIDIARIES; AFFILIATES

SCHEDULE 5.5 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

SCHEDULE 5.15 EXISTING INDEBTEDNESS

SCHEDULE B INFORMATION RELATING TO PURCHASERS

SCHEDULE C FORM OF TWENTY-THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

-iv-

TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY

$140,000,000

$140,000,000 5.19% FIRST MORTGAGE BONDS, DUE APRIL 1, 2031, Series 2025A 

February 14, 2025

TO EACH OF THE PURCHASERS LISTED IN

SCHEDULE B HERETO:

Ladies and Gentlemen:

TEXAS-NEWMEXICOPOWERCOMPANY, a Texas corporation (together with any successor thereto that becomes a party hereto, the Company), agrees with each of the Purchasers as follows:

SECTION 1. AUTHORIZATION OF BONDS.

The Company will authorize the issue and sale of $140,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.19% First Mortgage Bonds, due April 1, 2031, Series 2025A (as amended, restated, or otherwise modified from time to time and including any such bonds issued in substitution therefor pursuant to the Indenture, the Bonds). The Bonds will be issued under and secured by that certain First Mortgage Indenture dated as of March 23, 2009 (the Original Indenture), from the Company, as grantor, to U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), as previously amended and supplemented by a First Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 23, 2009, a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 25, 2009, a Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 30, 2009, as amended by a First Amendment, dated as of December 16, 2010, a Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 30, 2011, a Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 3, 2013, a Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 27, 2014, a Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 10, 2016, an Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 24, 2017, a Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 28, 2018, a Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 29, 2019, an Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 1, 2019, a Twelfth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 24, 2020, a Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 15, 2020, a Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 16, 2021,a Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 12, 2022, a Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 13, 2022, a Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 28, 2022, a Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 28, 2023, a Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 28, 2023, a Twentieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 28, 2024, a Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 1, 2024, and a Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 1, 2024, each such supplemental indenture being between the Company and the Trustee, and to be further supplemented by the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture (such Twenty-Third Supplemental 

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

Indenture being referred to herein as the Supplement) which will be substantially in the form set out in Schedule C, with such changes therein, if any, as shall be approved by the Purchasers and the Company. The Original Indenture, as supplemented and amended by the aforementioned twenty-two supplemental indentures and the Supplement, and as further supplemented or amended according to its terms, is hereinafter referred to as the Indenture. Certain capitalized and other terms used in this Agreement are defined in Schedule A. Terms used herein by not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Indenture unless otherwise specified. References to a Schedule are references to a Schedule attached to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. References to a Section are references to a Section of this Agreement unless otherwise specified.

SECTION 2. SALE AND PURCHASE OF BONDS.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company will issue and sell to each Purchaser and each Purchaser will purchase from the Company, at the Closing as provided for in Section 3, Bonds in the principal amount specified opposite such Purchasers name in Schedule B at the purchase price of 100% of the principal amount thereof. The Purchasers obligations hereunder are several and not joint obligations and no Purchaser shall have any liability to any Person for the performance or non-performance of any obligation by any other Purchaser hereunder.

SECTION 3. CLOSING.

The sale and purchase of the Bonds to be purchased by each Purchaser as reflected on Schedule B shall occur at the offices of Chapman and Cutler LLP, 320 S Canal Street, Chicago, Illinois 60606, at 7:00 a.m., Chicago time, at a closing (the Closing) on February 14, 2025. At the Closing, the Company will deliver to each Purchaser the Bonds to be purchased by such Purchaser in the form of a single Bond of the series to be purchased by such Purchaser (or such greater number of Bonds in denominations of at least $100,000 as such Purchaser may request) dated the date of the Closing and registered in such Purchasers name (or in the name of its nominee), against delivery by such Purchaser to the Company or its order of immediately available funds in the amount of the purchase price therefor by wire transfer of immediately available funds for the account of the Company in accordance with the instructions delivered by the Company pursuant to Section 4.10. If at the Closing the Company shall fail to tender such Bonds to any Purchaser as provided above in this Section 3, or any of the conditions specified in Section 4 shall not have been fulfilled to such Purchasers reasonable satisfaction, such Purchaser shall, at its election, be relieved of all further obligations under this Agreement, without thereby waiving any rights such Purchaser may have by reason of any of the conditions specified in Section 4 not having been fulfilled to such Purchasers satisfaction or such failure by the Company to tender such Bonds. 

-2-

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

SECTION 4. CONDITIONS TO THE CLOSING.

Each Purchasers obligation to purchase and pay for the Bonds to be sold to such Purchaser at the Closing is subject to the fulfillment to such Purchasers reasonable satisfaction, prior to or at the Closing, of the following conditions:

Section 4.1. Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement shall be correct when made and at the Closing.

Section 4.2. Performance; No Event of Default or Bond Repurchase Event.The Company shall have performed and complied with all agreements and conditions contained in this Agreement and in the other Financing Agreements required to be performed or complied with by it prior to or at the Closing. Before and after giving effect to the issue and sale of the Bonds (and the application of the proceeds thereof as contemplated by Section 5.14), no Bond Repurchase Event under the Supplement or Event of Default under the Indenture or violation of Section 8 hereof, in each case assuming the Bonds had been issued as of the date hereof, shall have occurred and be continuing.

Section 4.3. Compliance Certificates.

(a) Officers Certificate. The Company shall have delivered to such Purchaser an Officers Certificate, dated the date of the Closing, certifying that (i) the conditions specified in Sections 4.1, 4.2 and 4.9 have been fulfilled and (ii) the Indenture attached thereto (together with all amendments and supplements thereto, but exclusive of property exhibits, recording information and the like) is a true copy and in full force and effect.

(b) Secretarys Certificate. The Company shall have delivered to such Purchaser a certificate of its Secretary or Assistant Secretary, dated the date of the Closing, certifying as to (i) the resolutions attached thereto and other corporate proceedings relating to the authorization, execution and delivery of the Bonds and this Agreement and the other Financing Agreements and (ii) the Companys organizational documents as then in effect.

Section 4.4. Opinions of Counsel. Such Purchaser shall have received opinions in form and substance satisfactory to such Purchaser, dated the date of the Closing (a) from Troutman Pepper Locke LLP, Jackson Walker L.L.P. and in-house legal counsel to the Company, each as counsel for the Company, covering the matters set forth in Schedule 4.4(a), covering such other matters incident to the transactions contemplated hereby as such Purchaser or its counsel may reasonably request and containing assumptions, qualifications, limitations and exclusions reasonably acceptable to Purchasers and their special counsel (and the Company hereby instructs its counsel to deliver such opinion to the Purchasers) and (b) from Chapman and Cutler LLP, the Purchasers special counsel in connection with such transactions, set forth in Schedule 4.4(b) and covering such other matters incident to such transactions as such Purchaser may reasonably request.

-3-

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

Section 4.5. Purchase Permitted by Applicable Law, Etc. On the date of the Closing such Purchasers purchase of Bonds shall (a) be permitted by the laws and regulations of each jurisdiction to which such Purchaser is subject, without recourse to provisions (such as section 1405(a)(8) of the New York Insurance Law) permitting limited investments by insurance companies without restriction as to the character of the particular investment, (b) not violate any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System) and (c) not subject such Purchaser to any tax, penalty or liability under or pursuant to any applicable law or regulation, which law or regulation was not in effect on the date of the Closing. If requested by such Purchaser, such Purchaser shall have received an Officers Certificate certifying as to such matters of fact as such Purchaser may reasonably specify to enable such Purchaser to determine whether such purchase is so permitted.

Section 4.6. Sale of Other Bonds. Contemporaneously with the Closing, the Company shall sell to each other Purchaser and each other Purchaser shall purchase the Bonds to be purchased by it at the Closing as specified in Schedule B.

Section 4.7. Payment of Special Counsel Fees. Without limiting Section 10.1, the Company shall have paid on or before the Closing the fees, charges and disbursements of the Purchasers special counsel referred to in Section 4.4 to the extent reflected in a statement of such counsel rendered to the Company at least one (1) Business Day prior to the date of the Closing.

Section 4.8. Private Placement Number. A Private Placement Number issued by Standard & Poors CUSIP Service Bureau (in cooperation with the SVO) shall have been obtained for the Bonds.

Section 4.9. Changes in Corporate Structure. The Company shall not have changed its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, as applicable, or been a party to any merger or consolidation or succeeded to all or any substantial part of the liabilities of any other entity, at any time following the date of the most recent financial statements referred to in Schedule 5.5. 

Section 4.10. Funding Instructions. At least five (5) Business Days prior to the date of the Closing, each Purchaser shall have received written instructions signed by a Responsible Officer on letterhead of the Company specifying (i) the name and address of the transferee bank, (ii) such transferee banks ABA number and (iii) the account name and number into which the purchase price for the applicable Bonds is to be deposited. Each Purchaser has the right, but not the obligation, upon written notice (which may be by email) to the Company, to elect to deliver a micro deposit (less than $50.00) to the account identified in the written instructions no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the Closing. If a Purchaser delivers a micro deposit, a Responsible Officer must verbally verify the receipt and amount of the micro deposit to such Purchaser on a telephone call initiated by such Purchaser prior to the Closing. The Company shall not be obligated to return the amount of the micro deposit, nor will the amount of the micro deposit be netted against the Purchasers purchase price of the Bonds. 

Section 4.11. Proceedings and Documents. All corporate and other proceedings in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Financing 

-4-

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

Agreements, and all documents and instruments incident to such transactions shall be reasonably satisfactory to such Purchaser and its special counsel, and such Purchaser and its special counsel shall have received all such counterpart originals or certified or other copies of such documents as such Purchaser or such special counsel may reasonably request.

Section 4.12. Issuance of Bonds under Indenture; Execution and Delivery and Filing and Recording of the Supplement. The Company shall have taken all actions necessary under the Indenture to effect the issue of the Bonds thereunder. The Supplement shall have been duly executed and delivered by the Company. The Indenture, as it exists as of the date hereof, has been duly recorded as a mortgage and deed of trust of real estate, and any required filings with respect to personal property and fixtures subject to the Lien of the Indenture, as it exists as of the date hereof, have been duly made in each place in which such recording or filing is required to protect, preserve and perfect the Lien of the Indenture, as it exists as of the date hereof. Prior to or contemporaneous with the Closing, the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture will be duly recorded with the applicable Governmental Authority. 

Section 4.13. Regulatory Approvals. The issue and sale of the Bonds shall have been duly authorized by each regulatory authority whose consent or approval shall be required for the issue and sale of the Bonds to the Purchasers and any orders issued pursuant thereto shall be in full force and effect as of the date of this Agreement and all appeal periods, if any, shall have expired; provided, however, that with respect to the registration requirements of section 5 of the Securities Act or to the registration requirements of any Securities or blue sky laws of any applicable jurisdiction, satisfaction of the foregoing condition assumes the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained in Section 6.1 of this Agreement. 

SECTION 5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.

The Company represents and warrants to each Purchaser as of the date of this Agreement that:

Section 5.1. Organization; Power and Authority. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, is duly qualified as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required by law, other than those jurisdictions as to which the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has the corporate power and authority to own or hold under lease, the properties it purports to own or hold under lease, to transact the business it transacts, to execute and deliver this Agreement, the Bonds and the Supplement (and had the corporate power and authority to execute and deliver the Indenture at the time of execution and delivery thereof) and to perform the provisions of this Agreement and the other Financing Agreements.

Section 5.2. Authorization, Etc. Each Financing Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company, and each Financing Agreement (other than the Supplement and the Bonds) constitutes, and when the Supplement is executed and 

-5-

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

delivered by the Company and the Trustee and when the applicable Bonds are executed, issued and delivered by the Company, authenticated by the Trustee and paid for by the Purchasers, such Supplement and each applicable Bond will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

Section 5.3. Disclosure. The Company, through its agents, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and RBC Capital Markets, LLC, has delivered to each Purchaser a copy of an Investor Presentation, dated January 27, 2025 (the Presentation), relating to the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement, the Presentation, the financial statements listed in Schedule 5.5 and the documents, certificates or other writings (including the Companys annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission) delivered or made available to the Purchasers by or on behalf of the Company prior to February 5, 2025 in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and identified in Schedule 5.3 (collectively, the DisclosureDocuments), taken as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances under which they were made. Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Documents, since September 30, 2024, there has been no change in the financial condition, operations, business or properties of the Company or any Subsidiary except changes that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.4. Organization and Ownership of Shares of Subsidiaries; Affiliates. (a) Schedule 5.4 contains (except as noted therein) complete and correct lists of (i) the Companys Subsidiaries, showing, as to each Subsidiary, the name thereof, the jurisdiction of its organization, and the percentage of shares of each class of its capital stock or similar equity interests outstanding owned by the Company and each other Subsidiary, (ii) the Companys Affiliates, other than Subsidiaries and (iii) the Companys directors and officers.

(b) All of the outstanding shares of capital stock or similar equity interests of each Subsidiary shown in Schedule 5.4 as being owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries, have been validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and are owned by the Company or another Subsidiary, free and clear of any Lien that is prohibited by this Agreement.

(c) Each Subsidiary is a corporation or other legal entity duly organized, validly existing and, where applicable, in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or other legal entity and, where applicable, is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required by law, other than those jurisdictions as to which the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each such Subsidiary has the corporate or other power and authority to own or hold under lease, the properties it purports to own or hold under lease and to transact the business it transacts.

-6-

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

Section 5.5. Financial Statements; Material Liabilities. The Company, through its agents, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and RBC Capital Markets, LLC, has delivered to each Purchaser copies of the financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries listed on Schedule 5.5. All of such financial statements (including in each case the related schedules and notes) fairly present in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the respective dates specified in such Schedule and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the respective periods so specified and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the periods involved except as set forth in the notes thereto (subject, in the case of any interim financial statements, to normal year-end adjustments). The Company and its Subsidiaries do not have any Material liabilities that are not disclosed in the Disclosure Documents.

Section 5.6. Compliance with Laws, Other Instruments, Etc. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Financing Agreements (including the prior execution and delivery of the Indenture) will not (i) violate or conflict with any provision of the corporate charter or by-laws; (ii) result in the creation of any Lien, other than the Lien created under the Indenture, in respect of any property of the Company or any Subsidiary; (iii) violate, contravene or conflict with contractual provisions of, or cause an event of default under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan, purchase or credit agreement, lease, shareholders agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any Subsidiary is bound, the violation of which would have or would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (iv) conflict with or result in a breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any order, judgment, decree or ruling of any court, arbitrator or Governmental Authority applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary; or (v) violate any provision of any statute or other rule or regulation of any Governmental Authority applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary. 

Section 5.7. Governmental Authorizations, Etc. No consent, approval or authorization of, or registration, notice, filing or declaration with, any Governmental Authority is required in connection with, or to ensure, the execution, delivery, legality, validity or performance or enforceability by the Company of this Agreement, the Bonds and the Supplement except for (i) the filing of the Supplement in the Filing Office, (ii) such consents, approvals, authorizations, orders, notices, filings and registrations or qualifications as have been previously obtained, which such actions remain in full force and effect and for which appeal periods have expired and (iii) such consents, approvals, authorizations, orders and registrations or qualifications as may be required to enforce the Lien of the Indenture and the Supplement and the priority and perfection thereof or exercise remedies under the Indenture and the Supplement that have been obtained and remain in full force and effect or will be obtained prior to or contemporaneous with the Closing; provided, however, that with respect to the registration requirements of section 5 of the Securities Act or to the registration requirements of any Securities or blue sky laws of any applicable jurisdiction, the foregoing representation and warranty assumes the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained in Section 6.1 of this Agreement.

Section 5.8. Litigation; Observance of Statutes and Orders. Other than as disclosed in the Disclosure Documents:

-7-

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

(a) There are no actions, suits, investigations or proceedings pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or any Subsidiary or any property of the Company or any Subsidiary in any court or before any arbitrator of any kind or before or by any Governmental Authority that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and

(b) Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is (i) in violation of any order, judgment, decree or ruling of any court, arbitrator or Governmental Authority or (ii) in violation of any applicable law, ordinance, rule or regulation of any Governmental Authority (including, without limitation, Environmental Laws, the USA PATRIOT Act or any of the other laws and regulations that are referred to in Section 5.16), which default or violation would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.9. Taxes. The Company and its Subsidiaries have filed or caused to be filed, all tax returns that are required to have been filed in any jurisdiction, and have paid all taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns and all other taxes and assessments payable by them, to the extent such taxes and assessments have become due and payable and before they have become delinquent, except for any taxes and assessments (i) the amount of which, individually or in the aggregate, is not Material or (ii) the amount, applicability or validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which the Company or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, has established adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP. The U.S. federal income tax liabilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries have been finally determined (whether by reason of completed audits or the statute of limitations having run) for all fiscal years up to and including the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021.

Section 5.10. Title to Property; Leases. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and sufficient title to their respective Material properties, including all such properties reflected in the most recent audited balance sheet referred to in Section 5.5 or purported to have been acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary after such date (except as sold or otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of business), in each case free and clear of Liens prohibited by this Agreement or the Indenture, except for Permitted Liens and except for those defects in title and Liens that, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect. All Material leases are valid and subsisting and are in full force and effect in all material respects. 

Section 5.11. Licenses, Permits, Etc. The Company and its Subsidiaries own or possess all licenses, permits, franchises, certificates of conveyance and necessity, authorizations, patents, copyrights, proprietary software, service marks, trademarks and trade names, or rights thereto, that individually or in the aggregate are Material, without known conflict with the rights of others, except for those conflicts that, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

-8-

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

Section 5.12. Compliance with ERISA. Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect:

(a) During the five-year period prior to the date hereof: (i) no ERISA Event has occurred, and, to the best knowledge of the Company, no event or condition has occurred or exists as a result of which any ERISA Event would be reasonably expected to occur, with respect to any Plan; (ii) each Plan has been maintained, operated, and funded in compliance with its own terms and in material compliance with the provisions of ERISA, the Code, and any other applicable federal or state laws; and (iii) no Lien in favor of the PBGC or a Plan has arisen or is reasonably likely to arise on account of any Plan.

(b) The actuarial present value of all benefit liabilities under each Single Employer Plan (determined within the meaning of Section 401(a)(2) of the Code, utilizing the actuarial assumptions used to fund such Plans), whether or not vested, did not, as of the last annual valuation date for which results have been certified prior to the date on which this representation is made or deemed made, exceed the current value of the assets of such Plan allocable to such accrued liabilities, except as disclosed in the Companys financial statement.

(c) Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or, to the best knowledge of the Company, is reasonably expected to incur, any withdrawal liability (or any contingent withdrawal liabilities) under ERISA to any Multiemployer Plan or Multiple Employer Plan. Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has received any notification that any Multiemployer Plan is insolvent (within the meaning of section 4245 of ERISA), or has been terminated (within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA), and no Multiemployer Plan is, to the best knowledge of the Company, reasonably expected to be insolvent or terminated.

(d) No prohibited transaction (within the meaning of section 406 of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code) or breach of fiduciary responsibility has occurred with respect to a Plan which has subjected or would be reasonably likely to subject the Company or any ERISA Affiliate to any liability under sections 406, 409, 502(i), or 502(l) of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code, or under any agreement or other instrument pursuant to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate has agreed or is required to indemnify any person against any such liability.

(e) The present value (determined using actuarial and other assumptions which are reasonable with respect to the benefits provided and the employees participating) of the liability of the Company and each ERISA Affiliate for post-retirement welfare benefits to be provided to their current and former employees under Plans which are welfare benefit plans (as defined in section 3(1) of ERISA), net of all assets under all such Plans allocable to such benefits, are reflected on the financial statements referenced in Section 5.5 in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 715-60.

-9-

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

(f) Each Plan which is a welfare plan (as defined in section 3(1) of ERISA) to which sections 601-609 of ERISA and section 4980B of the Code apply has been administered in compliance in all material respects with such sections.

(g) The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the issuance and sale of the Bonds hereunder will not involve any transaction that is subject to the prohibitions of section 406 of ERISA or in connection with which a tax could be imposed pursuant to section 4975(c)(1)(A)-(D) of the Code. The representation by the Company to each Purchaser in the first sentence of this Section 5.12(g) is made in reliance upon and subject to the accuracy of such Purchasers representation in Section 6.2 as to the sources of the funds to be used to pay the purchase price of the Bonds to be purchased by such Purchaser.

Section 5.13. Private Offering by the Company. Neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf has offered the Bonds or any similar Securities for sale to, or solicited any offer to buy the Bonds or any similar Securities from, or otherwise approached or negotiated in respect thereof with, any Person other than forty (40) Institutional Investors (not including the Purchasers), each of which has been offered the Bonds at a private sale for investment. Neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf has taken, or will take, any action that would subject the issuance or sale of the Bonds to the registration requirements of section 5 of the Securities Act or to the registration requirements of any Securities or blue sky laws of any applicable jurisdiction.

Section 5.14. Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations. The Company will apply the proceeds of the Bonds for the repayment of short-term debt and other general corporate purposes, including projected capital expenditures. No part of the proceeds from the sale of the Bonds hereunder will be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of buying or carrying any margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (12 CFR 221), or for the purpose of buying or carrying or trading in any Securities under such circumstances as to involve the Company in a violation of Regulation X of said Board (12 CFR 224) or to involve any broker or dealer in a violation of Regulation T of said Board (12 CFR 220). Margin stock does not constitute more than 2% of the value of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries and the Company does not have any present intention that margin stock will constitute more than 2% of the value of such assets. As used in this Section, the terms margin stock and purposeof buying or carrying shall have the meanings assigned to them in said Regulation U.

Section 5.15. Existing Indebtedness. (a) Except as described therein, Schedule 5.15 sets forth a complete and correct list of each individual item of outstanding Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries that exceeds $5,000,000 (or in the case of Contingent Obligations, such Contingent Obligations guaranteeing or otherwise in respect of obligations that exceed $5,000,000 described in the definition of Indebtedness) as of September 30, 2024 (including descriptions of the obligors and obligees, principal amounts outstanding, any collateral therefor and any Guaranties thereof), since which date there has been no Material change (other than with respect to the outstanding Indebtedness related to (i) the Credit Agreement, (ii) intercompany loans and (iii) the termination amount of hedges, which changes, in the case of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), are permitted under the Credit Agreement as of the date of this Agreement, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and would be permitted under the 

-10-

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

Financing Agreements if the Bonds had been issued as of the date hereof) in the amounts, interest rates, sinking funds, installment payments or maturities of the Indebtedness of the Company or its Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default and no waiver of default is currently in effect, in the payment of any principal or interest on any Indebtedness of the Company or such Subsidiary and no event or condition exists with respect to any Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary the outstanding principal amount of which exceeds $5,000,000 that would permit (or that with notice or the lapse of time, or both, would permit) one or more Persons to cause such Indebtedness to become due and payable before its stated maturity or before its regularly scheduled dates of payment.

(b) Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is a party to, or otherwise subject to any provision contained in, any instrument evidencing Indebtedness of the Company or such Subsidiary, any agreement relating thereto or any other agreement (including, but not limited to, its charter or any other organizational document) which limits the amount of, or otherwise imposes restrictions on the incurring of, Indebtedness of the Company, except as disclosed in Schedule 5.15.

Section 5.16. Foreign Assets Control Regulations, Etc. (a) Neither the Company nor any Controlled Entity (i) is a Blocked Person, (ii) has been notified that its name appears or may in the future appear on a State Sanctions List or (iii) is a target of sanctions that have been imposed by the United Nations or the European Union.

(b) Neither the Company nor any Controlled Entity (i) has violated, been found in violation of, or been charged or convicted under, any applicable U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or Anti-Corruption Laws or (ii) to the Companys knowledge, is under investigation by any Governmental Authority for possible violation of any U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or Anti-Corruption Laws.

(c) No part of the proceeds from the sale of the Bonds hereunder:

(i) constitutes or will constitute funds obtained on behalf of any Blocked Person in violation of applicable law or will otherwise be used by the Company or any Controlled Entity, directly or indirectly, (A) in connection with any investment in, or any transactions or dealings with, any Blocked Person or Sanctioned Jurisdiction in violation of applicable law, (B) for any purpose that would cause any Purchaser to be in violation of any U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws or (C) otherwise in violation of any U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws;

(ii) will be used, directly or indirectly, in violation of, or cause any Purchaser to be in violation of, any applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws; or

(iii) will be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of making any improper payments, including bribes, to any Governmental Official or commercial counterparty in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in each case 

-11-

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

which would be in violation of, or cause any Purchaser to be in violation of, any applicable Anti-Corruption Laws.

(d) The Company has established procedures and controls which it reasonably believes are adequate (and otherwise comply with applicable law) to ensure that the Company and each Controlled Entity is and will continue to be in compliance with all applicable U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Anti-Corruption Laws.

Section 5.17. Status under Certain Statutes. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005, as amended, the ICC Termination Act of 1995, as amended, or the Federal Power Act, as amended.

Section 5.18. Lien of Indenture. The Indenture (and, for avoidance of doubt, including the Supplement when executed and delivered by the parties thereto and filed in the Filing Office) constitutes a direct and valid Lien upon the Mortgaged Property, subject only to the exceptions referred to in the Indenture and Permitted Liens, and will create a similar Lien upon all properties and assets acquired by the Company after the date hereof which are required to be subjected to the Lien of the Indenture, when acquired by the Company, subject only to the exceptions referred to in the Indenture and Permitted Liens, and subject, further, as to real property interests, any requirement to the recordation of a supplement to the Indenture describing such after-acquired property or any requirement to file a notice relating to such after-acquired property; the descriptions of all such properties and assets contained in the granting clauses of the Indenture are correct and adequate for the purposes of the Indenture; the Indenture has been duly recorded as a utility security instrument under and as defined in the Utility Security Instrument Act, and any required filings with respect to personal property and fixtures subject to the Lien of the Indenture have been duly made in each place in which such recording or filing is required to protect, preserve and perfect the Lien of the Indenture; and all taxes and recording and filing fees required to be paid with respect to the execution, recording or filing of the Indenture, the filing of financing statements related thereto and similar documents and the issuance of the Bonds have been paid. 

SECTION 6. REPRESENTATIONS OF THE PURCHASERS.

Section 6.1. Purchase for Investment. Each Purchaser severally represents that (a) it is purchasing the Bonds for its own account or for one or more separate accounts maintained by such Purchaser or for the account of one or more pension or trust funds and not with a view to the distribution thereof, provided that the disposition of such Purchasers or their property shall at all times be within such Purchasers or their control and (b) it is an accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), or (7) under the Securities Act). Each Purchaser understands that the Bonds have not been registered under the Securities Act and may be resold only if registered pursuant to the provisions of the Securities Act or if an exemption from registration is available (or under circumstances where the law does not require registration or exemption thereto) and that the Company is not required to register the Bonds. Each Purchaser also represents that the Company has made available to it, a reasonable time prior to the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the opportunity to ask questions and receive answers concerning the terms 

-12-

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

and conditions of the offering of the Bonds that it is purchasing or shall purchase and to obtain any additional information which the Company possesses or could acquire without unreasonable effort or expense.

Section 6.2. Source of Funds. Each Purchaser severally represents that at least one of the following statements is an accurate representation as to each source of funds (a Source) to be used by such Purchaser to pay the purchase price of the Bonds to be purchased by such Purchaser hereunder:

(a) the Source is an insurance company general account (as the term is defined in the United States Department of Labors Prohibited Transaction Exemption (PTE) 95-60) in respect of which the reserves and liabilities (as defined by the annual statement for life insurance companies approved by the NAIC (the NAIC AnnualStatement)) for the general account contract(s) held by or on behalf of any employee benefit plan together with the amount of the reserves and liabilities for the general account contract(s) held by or on behalf of any other employee benefit plans maintained by the same employer (or affiliate thereof as defined in PTE 95-60) or by the same employee organization in the general account do not exceed 10% of the total reserves and liabilities of the general account (exclusive of separate account liabilities) plus surplus as set forth in the NAIC Annual Statement filed with such Purchasers state of domicile; or

(b) the Source is a separate account that is maintained solely in connection with such Purchasers fixed contractual obligations under which the amounts payable, or credited, to any employee benefit plan (or its related trust) that has any interest in such separate account (or to any participant or beneficiary of such plan (including any annuitant)) are not affected in any manner by the investment performance of the separate account; or

(c) the Source is either (i) an insurance company pooled separate account, within the meaning of PTE 90-1 or (ii) a bank collective investment fund, within the meaning of the PTE 91-38 and, except as disclosed by such Purchaser to the Company in writing pursuant to this clause (c), no employee benefit plan or group of plans maintained by the same employer or employee organization beneficially owns more than 10% of all assets allocated to such pooled separate account or collective investment fund; or

(d) the Source constitutes assets of an investment fund (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14 (the QPAM Exemption)) managed by a qualified professional asset manager or QPAM (within the meaning of Part VI of the QPAM Exemption), no employee benefit plans assets that are managed by the QPAM in such investment fund, when combined with the assets of all other employee benefit plans established or maintained by the same employer or by an affiliate (within the meaning of Part VI(c)(1) of the QPAM Exemption) of such employer or by the same employee organization and managed by such QPAM, represent more than 20% of the total client assets managed by such QPAM, the conditions of Part I(c) and (g) of the QPAM Exemption are satisfied, neither the QPAM nor a person controlling or controlled by the QPAM maintains an 

-13-

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

ownership interest in the Company that would cause the QPAM and the Company to be related within the meaning of Part VI(h) of the QPAM Exemption and (i) the identity of such QPAM and (ii) the names of any employee benefit plans whose assets in the investment fund, when combined with the assets of all other employee benefit plans established or maintained by the same employer or by an affiliate (within the meaning of Part VI(c)(1) of the QPAM Exemption) of such employer or by the same employee organization, represent 10% or more of the assets of such investment fund, have been disclosed to the Company in writing pursuant to this clause (d); or

(e) the Source constitutes assets of a plan(s) (within the meaning of Part IV(h) of PTE 96-23 (the INHAM Exemption)) managed by an in-house asset manager or INHAM (within the meaning of Part IV(a) of the INHAM Exemption), the conditions of Part I(a), (g) and (h) of the INHAM Exemption are satisfied, neither the INHAM nor a person controlling or controlled by the INHAM (applying the definition of control in Part IV(d)(3) of the INHAM Exemption) owns a 10% or more interest in the Company and (i) the identity of such INHAM and (ii) the name(s) of the employee benefit plan(s) whose assets constitute the Source have been disclosed to the Company in writing pursuant to this clause (e); or

(f) the Source is a governmental plan; or

(g) the Source is one or more employee benefit plans, or a separate account or trust fund comprised of one or more employee benefit plans, each of which has been identified to the Company in writing pursuant to this clause (g); or

(h) the Source does not include assets of any employee benefit plan, other than a plan exempt from the coverage of ERISA.

As used in this Section 6.2, the terms employee benefit plan, governmental plan, and separate account shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in section 3 of ERISA.

SECTION 7. INFORMATION AS TO COMPANY.

Section 7.1. Visitation. The Company shall permit the representatives of each Purchaser and each holder of a Bond that is an Institutional Investor:

(a) No Default if no Event of Default or Bond Repurchase Event then exists, at the expense of such Purchaser or such holder and upon reasonable prior notice to the Company, to visit the principal executive office of the Company, to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Company and its Subsidiaries with the Companys officers, and (with the consent of the Company, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld) to visit the other offices and properties of the Company and each Subsidiary, all at such reasonable times and as often as may be reasonably requested in writing; and

-14-

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

(b) Default if an Event of Default or Bond Repurchase Event then exists, at the expense of the Company to visit and inspect any of the offices or properties of the Company or any Subsidiary, to examine all their respective books of account, records, reports and other papers, to make copies and extracts therefrom, and to discuss their respective affairs, finances and accounts with their respective officers and independent public accountants (and by this provision the Company authorizes said accountants to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Company and its Subsidiaries), all at such times and as often as may be requested.

SECTION 8. COVENANTS.

From the date of this Agreement and thereafter, so long as any of the Bonds are outstanding, the Company covenants that:

Section 8.1. Compliance with Laws. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, ordinances or governmental rules or regulations to which each of them is subject, including, without limitation, ERISA, Environmental Laws, the USA PATRIOT Act and the other laws and regulations that are referred to in Section 5.16, and will obtain and maintain in effect all licenses, certificates, permits, franchises and other governmental authorizations necessary to the ownership of their respective properties or to the conduct of their respective businesses, in each case to the extent necessary to ensure that non-compliance with such laws, ordinances or governmental rules or regulations or failures to obtain or maintain in effect such licenses, certificates, permits, franchises and other governmental authorizations would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 8.2. Books and Records. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain proper books of record and account in conformity with GAAP and all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having legal or regulatory jurisdiction over the Company or such Subsidiary, as the case may be. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep books, records and accounts which, in reasonable detail, accurately reflect all transactions and dispositions of assets. The Company and its Subsidiaries have devised a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that their respective books, records, and accounts accurately reflect all transactions and dispositions of assets and the Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, continue to maintain such system.

Section 8.3. Transactions with Affiliates. The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, enter into directly or indirectly any Material transaction or Material group of related transactions (including without limitation the purchase, lease, sale or exchange of properties of any kind or the rendering of any service) with any Affiliate (other than the Company or another Subsidiary), except pursuant to the reasonable requirements of the Companys or such Subsidiarys business and upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to the Company or such Subsidiary than would be obtainable in a comparable arms-length transaction with a Person who is not an Affiliate.

-15-

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

Section 8.4. Line of Business. The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, engage in any business if, as a result, the general nature of the business in which the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, would then be engaged would be substantially changed from the general nature of the business in which the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are engaged on the date of this Agreement as described in the Disclosure Documents.

SECTION 9. REMEDIES ON DEFAULT.

If the event of a breach or violation hereof has occurred and is continuing, the holders of the Bonds may proceed to protect and enforce the rights of such holder by an action at law, suit in equity or other appropriate proceeding, whether for the specific performance of any agreement contained herein, or for an injunction against a violation of any of the terms hereof and thereof, or in aid of the exercise of any power granted hereby or thereby or by law or otherwise.

SECTION 10. EXPENSES, ETC.

Section 10.1. Transaction Expenses. Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Company will pay all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees of a special counsel and, if reasonably required by the Required Holders, local or other counsel) incurred by the Purchasers and each other holder of a Bond in connection with such transactions and in connection with any amendments, waivers or consents under or in respect of this Agreement, any other Financing Agreement (whether or not such amendment, waiver or consent becomes effective), including, without limitation: (a) the costs and expenses incurred in enforcing or defending (or determining whether or how to enforce or defend) any rights under this Agreement, any other Financing Agreement or in responding to any subpoena or other legal process or informal investigative demand issued in connection with this Agreement, any other Financing Agreement, or by reason of being a holder of any Bond, (b) the costs and expenses, including financial advisors fees, incurred in connection with the insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company or any Subsidiary or in connection with any work-out or restructuring of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Bonds and (c) the costs and expenses incurred in connection with the initial filing of this Agreement and all related documents and financial information with the SVO provided that such costs and expenses under this clause (c) shall not in the aggregate exceed $5,000. The Company will pay, and will save each Purchaser and each other holder of a Bond harmless from, (i) all claims in respect of any fees, costs or expenses, if any, of brokers and finders (other than those, if any, retained by a Purchaser or other holder in connection with its purchase of the Bonds) and (ii) any and all wire transfer fees that any bank deducts from any payment under such Bond to such holder or otherwise charges to a holder of a Bond with respect to a payment under such Bond.

Section 10.2. Survival. The obligations of the Company under this Section 10 will survive the payment or transfer of any Bond, the enforcement, amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, any other Financing Agreement, and the termination of this Agreement or any other Financing Agreement.

-16-

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

SECTION 11. SURVIVALOS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; ENTIRE AGREEMENT.

All representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Bonds, the purchase or transfer by any Purchaser of any Bond or portion thereof or interest therein and the payment of any Bond, and may be relied upon by any subsequent holder of a Bond, regardless of any investigation made at any time by or on behalf of such Purchaser or any other holder of a Bond. All statements contained in any certificate or other instrument delivered by or on behalf of the Company pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed representations and warranties of the Company under this Agreement. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement and the Bonds embody the entire agreement and understanding between each Purchaser and the Company and supersede all prior agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof.

SECTION 12. AMENDMENT AND WAIVER. 

Section 12.1. Requirements. This Agreement may be amended, and the observance of any term hereof may be waived (either retroactively or prospectively), only with the written consent of the Company and the Required Holders, except that no amendment or waiver of any of Sections 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 or 16 hereof, or any defined term (as it is used therein), will be effective as to any Purchaser unless consented to by such Purchaser in writing.

Section 12.2. Solicitation of Holders of Bonds.

(a) Solicitation. The Company will provide each Purchaser and holder of a Bond with sufficient information, sufficiently far in advance of the date a decision is required, to enable such Purchaser and holder to make an informed and considered decision with respect to any proposed amendment, waiver or consent in respect of any of the provisions hereof or of the Bonds. The Company will deliver executed or true and correct copies of each amendment, waiver or consent effected pursuant to this Section 12 to each Purchaser and each holder of a Bond promptly following the date on which it is executed and delivered by, or receives the consent or approval of, the requisite Purchasers or holders of Bonds.

(b) Payment. The Company will not directly or indirectly pay or cause to be paid any remuneration, whether by way of supplemental or additional interest, fee or otherwise, or grant any security or provide other credit support, to any Purchaser or holder of a Bond as consideration for or as an inducement to the entering into by such Purchaser or holder of any waiver or amendment of any of the terms and provisions hereof or any Bond unless such remuneration is concurrently paid, or security is concurrently granted or other credit support concurrently provided, on the same terms, ratably to each Purchaser and each holder of a Bond, even if such Purchaser or holder did not consent to such waiver or amendment.

Section 12.3. Binding Effect, Etc. Any amendment or waiver consented to as provided in this Section 12 or any other Financing Agreement, applies equally to all Purchasers and holders of Bonds and is binding upon them and upon each future holder of any Bond and upon the Company without regard to whether such Bond has been marked to indicate such amendment or waiver. No 

-17-

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

such amendment or waiver will extend to or affect any obligation, covenant, agreement, Event of Default or Bond Repurchase Event not expressly amended or waived or impair any right consequent thereon. No course of dealing between the Company and any Purchaser or holder of a Bond and no delay in exercising any rights hereunder or under any other Financing Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights of any Purchaser or holder of such Bond.

Section 12.4. Bonds Held by Company, Etc. Solely for the purpose of determining whether the holders of the requisite percentage of the aggregate principal amount of Bonds then outstanding approved or consented to any amendment, waiver or consent to be given under this Agreement, any other Financing Agreement, or have directed the taking of any action provided herein or in any other Financing Agreement to be taken upon the direction of the holders of a specified percentage of the aggregate principal amount of Bonds then outstanding, Bonds directly or indirectly owned by the Company or any of its Affiliates shall be deemed not to be outstanding.

SECTION 13. REPRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS.

This Agreement and all documents relating thereto, including, without limitation, (a) consents, waivers and modifications that may hereafter be executed, (b) documents received by any Purchaser at the Closing (except the Bonds themselves) and (c) financial statements, certificates and other information previously or hereafter furnished to any Purchaser, may be reproduced by such Purchaser by any photographic, photostatic, electronic, digital, or other similar process and such Purchaser may destroy any original document so reproduced. The Company agrees and stipulates that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any such reproduction shall be admissible in evidence as the original itself in any judicial or administrative proceeding (whether or not the original is in existence and whether or not such reproduction was made by such Purchaser in the regular course of business) and any enlargement, facsimile or further reproduction of such reproduction shall likewise be admissible in evidence. This Section 13 shall not prohibit the Company or any other holder of Bonds from contesting any such reproduction to the same extent that it could contest the original, or from introducing evidence to demonstrate the inaccuracy of any such reproduction.

SECTION 14. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.

For the purposes of this Section 14, Confidential Information means information delivered to any Purchaser by or on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary in connection with the transactions contemplated by or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement that is proprietary in nature and that was clearly marked or labeled or otherwise adequately identified when received by such Purchaser, as being confidential information of the Company or such Subsidiary, provided that such term does not include information that (a) was publicly known or otherwise known to such Purchaser prior to the time of such disclosure, (b) subsequently becomes publicly known through no act or omission by such Purchaser, any Person acting on such Purchasers behalf, or any Person from whom such disclosure would, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, violate a duty of confidentiality to the Company or any Subsidiary, (c) otherwise becomes known to such Purchaser other than through disclosure by the Company, any Subsidiary or any Person from whom such disclosure would, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, violate a duty of confidentiality 

-18-

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

to the Company or any Subsidiary or (d) constitutes financial statements delivered to such Purchaser that are otherwise publicly available. Each Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of such Confidential Information in accordance with procedures adopted by such Purchaser in good faith to protect confidential information of third parties delivered to such Purchaser, provided that such Purchaser may deliver or disclose Confidential Information to (i) its directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, trustees and affiliates (to the extent such disclosure reasonably relates to the administration of the investment represented by its Bonds); (ii) its auditors, financial advisors and other professional advisors who agree to hold confidential the Confidential Information substantially in accordance with this Section 14; (iii) any other holder of any Bond; (iv) any Institutional Investor to which it sells or offers to sell such Bond or any part thereof or any participation therein (if such Person has agreed in writing prior to its receipt of such Confidential Information to be bound by this Section 14); (v) any Person from which it offers to purchase any Security of the Company (if such Person has agreed in writing prior to its receipt of such Confidential Information to be bound by this Section 14); (vi) any federal or state regulatory authority having jurisdiction over such Purchaser; (vii) the NAIC or the SVO or, in each case, any similar organization, or any nationally recognized rating agency that requires access to information about such Purchasers investment portfolio; or (viii) any other Person to which such delivery or disclosure may be necessary or appropriate (w) to effect compliance with any law, rule, regulation or order applicable to such Purchaser; (x) in response to any subpoena or other legal process; (y) in connection with any litigation to which such Purchaser is a party; or (z) if an Event of Default or Bond Repurchase Event has occurred and is continuing, to the extent such Purchaser may reasonably determine, such delivery and disclosure to be necessary or appropriate in the enforcement or for the protection of the rights and remedies under such Purchasers Bonds, this Agreement or any other Financing Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that a Purchaser or Holder is compelled to disclose Confidential Information pursuant to clause (viii)(w) (except where disclosure of the purchase of the Bonds is to be made to any supervisory or regulatory body during the normal course of its exercise of its regulatory or supervisory function over such Purchaser and consistent with such Purchasers usual practice), (viii)(x) or (viii)(y) of the preceding sentence, such Purchaser or Holder shall, so long as no Default, Event of Default or Bond Repurchase Event has occurred and is continuing, use its reasonable best efforts to give the Company prompt notice of such pending disclosure and, to the extent practicable, the opportunity to seek a protective order or to pursue such further legal action as may be necessary to preserve the privileged nature and confidentiality of the Confidential Information, provided, however, that nothing in this sentence shall require any holder of Bonds to take any action that would cause it to be in violation of any law, rule, regulation, court or regulatory authority order, subpoena or other legal process. Each holder of a Bond, by its acceptance of a Bond, will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by and to be entitled to, the benefits of this Section 14 as though it were a party to this Agreement. On reasonable request by the Company in connection with the delivery to any holder of a Bond of information required to be delivered to such holder under this Agreement or requested by such holder (other than a holder that is a party to this Agreement or its nominee), such holder will enter into an agreement with the Company embodying this Section 14.

In the event that as a condition to receiving access to information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries in connection with the transactions contemplated by or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement, any Purchaser or holder of a Bond is required to agree to a confidentiality 

-19-

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

undertaking (whether through IntraLinks, another secure website, a secure virtual workspace or otherwise) which is different from this Section 14, this Section 14 shall not be amended thereby and, as between such Purchaser or such holder and the Company, this Section 14 shall supersede any such other confidentiality undertaking.

The obligations under this Section 14 will survive the payment or transfer of any Bond, the enforcement, amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, any other Financing Agreement, and the termination of this Agreement or any other Financing Agreement.

SECTION 15. SUBSTITUTION OF PURCHASER.

Each Purchaser shall have the right to substitute any one of its Affiliates or another Purchaser or any one of such other Purchasers Affiliates (a Substitute Purchaser) as the purchaser of the Bonds that it has agreed to purchase hereunder, by written notice to the Company, which notice shall be signed by both such Purchaser and such Substitute Purchaser, shall contain such Substitute Purchasers agreement to be bound by this Agreement and shall contain a confirmation by such Substitute Purchaser of the accuracy with respect to it of the representations set forth in Section 6. Upon receipt of such notice, any reference to such Purchaser in this Agreement (other than in this Section 15), shall be deemed to refer to such Substitute Purchaser in lieu of such original Purchaser. In the event that such Substitute Purchaser is so substituted as a Purchaser hereunder and such Substitute Purchaser thereafter transfers to such original Purchaser all of the Bonds then held by such Substitute Purchaser, upon receipt by the Company of notice of such transfer, any reference to such Substitute Purchaser as a Purchaser in this Agreement (other than in this Section 15), shall no longer be deemed to refer to such Substitute Purchaser, but shall refer to such original Purchaser, and such original Purchaser shall again have all the rights of an original holder of the Bonds under this Agreement.

SECTION 16. MISCELLANEOUS.

Section 16.1. Successors and Assigns. All covenants and other agreements contained in this Agreement by or on behalf of any of the parties hereto bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns (including, without limitation, any subsequent holder of a Bond) whether so expressed or not.

Section 16.2. Severability. Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall (to the full extent permitted by law) not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

Section 16.3. Construction, Etc. Each covenant contained herein shall be construed (absent express provision to the contrary) as being independent of each other covenant contained herein, so that compliance with any one covenant shall not (absent such an express contrary provision) be deemed to excuse compliance with any other covenant. Where any provision herein refers to 

-20-

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

action to be taken by any Person, or which such Person is prohibited from taking, such provision shall be applicable whether such action is taken directly or indirectly by such Person.

Section 16.4. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original but all of which together shall constitute one instrument. Each counterpart may consist of a number of copies hereof, each signed by less than all, but together signed by all, of the parties hereto. Each counterpart may consist of a number of copies hereof, each signed by less than all, but together signed by all, of the parties hereto. The parties agree to electronic contracting and signatures with respect to this Agreement and the documents delivered in connection with this Agreement (other than the Bonds). Delivery of an electronic signature to, or a signed copy of, this Agreement and such other documents (other than the Bonds) by facsimile, email or other electronic transmission shall be fully binding on the parties to the same extent as the delivery of the signed originals and shall be admissible into evidence for all purposes. The words execution, execute, signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the other documents (other than the Bonds) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Company, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Purchaser shall request manually signed counterpart signatures to this Agreement or any document delivered in connection with this Agreement, the Company hereby agrees to use its reasonable endeavors to provide such manually signed signature pages as soon as reasonably practicable.

Section 16.5. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the parties shall be governed by, the law of the State of New York excluding choice-of-law principles of the law of such State that would permit the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than such State.

Section 16.6. Jurisdiction and Process; Waiver of Jury Trial. (a) The Company irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State or federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, in the City of New York, over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Bonds. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company irrevocably waives and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense or otherwise, any claim that it is not subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

(b) The Company consents to process being served by or on behalf of any holder of Bonds in any suit, action or proceeding of the nature referred to in Section 16.6(a) by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage 

-21-

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

prepaid, return receipt requested, to it at its address specified in Section 16.7 or at such other address of which such holder shall then have been notified pursuant to said Section. The Company agrees that such service upon receipt (i) shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon it in any such suit, action or proceeding and (ii) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be taken and held to be valid personal service upon and personal delivery to it. Notices hereunder shall be conclusively presumed received as evidenced by a delivery receipt furnished by the United States Postal Service or any reputable commercial delivery service.

(c) Nothing in this Section 16.6 shall affect the right of any holder of a Bond to serve process in any manner permitted by law, or limit any right that the holders of any of the Bonds may have to bring proceedings against the Company in the courts of any appropriate jurisdiction or to enforce in any lawful manner a judgment obtained in one jurisdiction in any other jurisdiction.

(d) The parties hereto hereby waive trial by jury in any action brought on or with respect to this Agreement, the Bonds or any other document executed in connection herewith or therewith.

Section 16.7. Notices.All notices and communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing and sent (a) by registered or certified mail with return receipt requested (postage prepaid) or (b) by a recognized overnight delivery service (with charges prepaid). Any such notice must be sent:

(i) if to any Purchaser or its nominee, to such Purchaser or nominee at the address specified for such communications in Schedule B, or at such other address as such Purchaser or nominee shall have specified to the Company in writing,

(ii) if to any other holder of any Bond, to such holder at such address as such other holder shall have specified to the Company in writing, or

(iii) if to the Company, to the Company at 414 Silver Ave. SW, Albuquerque, New Mexico 87102-3289, to the attention of Treasurer, or at such other address as the Company shall have specified to the holder of each Bond in writing.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, any notices or communications to be provided by the Company hereunder may be delivered to each Purchaser or its nominee by electronic delivery at the e-mail address set forth for such Purchaser or nominee in Schedule B hereto, or, for each Purchaser or its nominee or any holder of a Bond, to the e-mail address as communicated from time to time in a separate writing delivered to the Company.

Notices under this Section 16.7 will be deemed given only when actually received.

* * * * *

-22-

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

If you are in agreement with the foregoing, please sign the form of agreement on a counterpart of this Agreement and return it to the Company, whereupon this Agreement shall become a binding agreement between you and the Company.

Very truly yours,

TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY

By /s/ Elisabeth A. Eden 

Name: Elisabeth A. Eden

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

This Agreement is hereby

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date hereof.

THE NORTHWESTERN MUTUAL LIFEINSURANCE COMPANY

By: Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company, LLC, its investment adviser

By /s/ Jeffrey M. Behring 

Name: Jeffrey M. Behring

Title: Managing Director

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

This Agreement is hereby

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date hereof.

STATE FARM MUTUAL AUTOMOBILEINSURANCE COMPANY

By /s/ Rebekah L. Holt 

Name: Rebekah L. Holt

Title: Investment Professional

By /s/ Michelle K. Marsh 

Name: Michelle K. Marsh

Title: Investment Professional

STATE FARM FIRE AND CASUALTY COMPANY

By /s/ Rebekah L. Holt 

Name: Rebekah L. Holt

Title: Investment Professional

By /s/ Michelle K. Marsh 

Name: Michelle K. Marsh

Title: Investment Professional

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

This Agreement is hereby

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date hereof.

NEW YORK LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

By: NYL Investors LLC, its Investment Manager

By /s/ Kimberly T. Stepancic 

Name: Kimberly T. Stepancic

Title: Senior Director

NEW YORK LIFE INSURANCE AND ANNUITY CORPORATION

By: NYL Investors LLC, its Investment Manager

By /s/ Kimberly T. Stepancic 

Name: Kimberly T. Stepancic

Title: Senior Director

NEW YORK LIFE INSURANCE AND ANNUITY CORPORATION INSTITUTIONALLY OWNED LIFE INSURANCE SEPARATE ACCOUNT (BOLI 30C)

By: NYL Investors LLC, its Investment Manager

By /s/ Kimberly T. Stepancic 

Name: Kimberly T. Stepancic

Title: Senior Director

LIFE INSURANCE COMPANYOF NORTH AMERICA

By: NYL Investors LLC, its Investment Manager

By /s/ Kimberly T. Stepancic 

Name: Kimberly T. Stepancic

Title: Senior Director

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

This Agreement is hereby

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date hereof.

COBANK, ACB

By /s/ Kelli Cholas 

Name: Kelli Cholas

Title: Assistant Corporate Secretary

Texas-New Mexico Power Company Bond Purchase Agreement

This Agreement is hereby

accepted and agreed to as 

of the date hereof.

THE LINCOLN NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

By: Macquarie Investment Management Advisers, a series of Macquarie Investment Management Business Trust, Attorney in Fact

By Karl Spaeth 

Name: Karl Spaeth

Title: Senior Vice President

DEFINED TERMS

As used herein, the following terms have the respective meanings set forth below or set forth in the Section hereof following such term:

Affiliate means, at any time, and with respect to any Person, any other Person that at such time directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries Controls, or is Controlled by, or is under common Control with, such first Person. As used in this definition, Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. Unless the context otherwise clearly requires, any reference to an Affiliate is a reference to an Affiliate of the Company.

Agreement means this Agreement, including all Schedules attached to this Agreement, as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Anti-Corruption Laws means any law or regulation in a U.S. or any non-U.S. jurisdiction regarding bribery or any other corrupt activity, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010.

Anti-Money Laundering Laws means any law or regulation in a U.S. or any non-U.S. jurisdiction regarding money laundering, drug trafficking, terrorist-related activities or other money laundering predicate crimes, including the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970 (otherwise known as the Bank Secrecy Act) and the USA PATRIOT Act.

Blocked Person means (a) a Person whose name appears on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons published by OFAC, (b) a Person, entity or organization that is blocked or a target of sanctions that have been imposed under U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws, or (c) a Person that is an agent, department or instrumentality of, or otherwise beneficially owned fifty percent (50%) or more by, controlled by or acting on behalf of, directly or indirectly, any one or more Person(s), entity or organization described in clause (a) or (b) or a Sanctioned Jurisdiction.

Bond Repurchase Event is defined in section 2.07 of the Supplement.

Bonds is defined in Section 1.

Business Day means for the purposes of any other provision of this Agreement, any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in New York, New York or Houston, Texas are required or authorized to be closed.

Capital Stock means (a) in the case of a corporation, all classes of capital stock of such corporation, (b) in the case of a partnership, partnership interests (whether general or limited), (c) in the case of a limited liability company, membership interests and (d) any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or 

SCHEDULE A

(to Bond Purchase Agreement)

distributions of assets of, the issuing Person; including, in each case, all warrants, rights or options to purchase any of the foregoing.

Closing is defined in Section 3.

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time.

Company means Texas-New Mexico Power Company, a Texas corporation or any successor that becomes such in the manner prescribed in the Indenture.

Confidential Informationis defined in Section 14.

Contingent Obligation means, with respect to any Person, any direct or indirect liability of such Person with respect to any Indebtedness, liability or other obligation (the primaryobligation) of another Person (the primary obligor), whether or not contingent, (a) to purchase, repurchase or otherwise acquire such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (b) to advance or provide funds (i) for the payment or discharge or any such primary obligation or (ii) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency or any balance sheet item, level of income or financial condition of the primary obligor, (c) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor in respect thereof to make payment of such primary obligation or (d) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the owner of any such primary obligation against loss or failure or inability to perform in respect thereof; provided, however, that, with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries, the term Contingent Obligation shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Contingent Obligation of any Person shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the maximum amount of such Persons liability with respect to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation for which such Contingent Obligation is incurred or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder).

Controlled Entity means (i) any of the Subsidiaries of the Company and any of their or the Companys respective Controlled Affiliates and (ii) if the Company has a parent company, such parent company and its Controlled Affiliates. As used in this definition, Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

Disclosure Documentsis defined in Section 5.3.

Environmental Laws means any and all federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of the environment or the release of any materials into the environment, including but not limited to those related to Hazardous Materials.

A-2

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect. 

ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that is treated as a single employer together with the Company under section 414 of the Code.

ERISA Event means, with respect to the Company: (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Plan or a Multiemployer Plan, (b) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan, or the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of notice from a Multiemployer Plan that it is in insolvency pursuant to section 4245 of ERISA or that it intends to terminate or has terminated under section 4041A of ERISA, (c) the distribution by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate under section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate any Single Employer Plan or the taking of any action to terminate any Single Employer Plan, (d) the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC under section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Single Employer Plan, or the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of a notice from any Multiemployer Plan that such action has been taken by the PBGC with respect to such Multiemployer Plan, (e) the institution of a proceeding by any fiduciary of any Multiemployer Plan against the Company or any ERISA Affiliate to enforce section 515 of ERISA, which is not dismissed within thirty (30) days, (f) the imposition upon the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under section 4007 of ERISA, or the imposition or threatened imposition of any Lien upon any assets of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate as a result of any alleged failure to comply with the Code or ERISA in respect of any Single Employer Plan, (g) the engaging in or otherwise becoming liable for a nonexempt Prohibited Transaction by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate, (h) a violation of the applicable requirements of section 404 or 405 of ERISA or the exclusive benefit rule under section 401(a) of the Code by any fiduciary of any Single Employer Plan for which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate may be directly or indirectly liable, (i) the granting of a security interest in connection with the amendment of a Single Employer Plan or (j) the withdrawal of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiple Employer Plan during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as such term is defined in section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA), or the termination of a Multiple Employer Plan.

Event of Default is defined in the Indenture.

Filing Office means the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of Texas.

Financing Agreementsmeans this Agreement, the Indenture (including without limitation, the Supplement) and the Bonds.

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States of America, and, notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, provided that any election by the Company to measure any financial liability using fair value (as permitted by Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic No. 825-10-25 Fair Value Option, International 

A-3

Accounting Standard 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement or any similar accounting standard) shall be disregarded and such determination shall be made as if such election had not been made.

Governmental Authoritymeans

(a) the government of

(i) the United States of America or any state or other political subdivision thereof, or

(ii) any other jurisdiction in which the Company or any Subsidiary conducts all or any part of its business, or which asserts jurisdiction over any properties of the Company or any Subsidiary, or

(b) any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of, or pertaining to, any such government.

Governmental Officialmeans any governmental official or employee, employee of any government-owned or government-controlled entity, political party, any official of a political party, candidate for political office, official of any public international organization or anyone else acting in an official capacity.

Guaranty means, with respect to any Person, any obligation (except the endorsement in the ordinary course of business of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection) of such Person guaranteeing or in effect guaranteeing any indebtedness, dividend or other obligation of any other Person in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including (without limitation) obligations incurred through an agreement, contingent or otherwise, by such Person:

(a) to purchase such indebtedness or obligation or any property constituting security therefor;

(b) to advance or supply funds (i) for the purchase or payment of such indebtedness or obligation, or (ii) to maintain any working capital or other balance sheet condition or any income statement condition of any other Person or otherwise to advance or make available funds for the purchase or payment of such indebtedness or obligation;

(c) to lease properties or to purchase properties or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of such indebtedness or obligation of the ability of any other Person to make payment of the indebtedness or obligation; or

(d) otherwise to assure the owner of such indebtedness or obligation against loss in respect thereof.

A-4

In any computation of the indebtedness or other liabilities of the obligor under any Guaranty, the indebtedness or other obligations that are the subject of such Guaranty shall be assumed to be direct obligations of such obligor.

Hazardous Materials means any and all pollutants, toxic or hazardous wastes or other substances that might pose a hazard to health and safety, the removal of which may be required or the generation, manufacture, refining, production, processing, treatment, storage, handling, transportation, transfer, use, disposal, release, discharge, spillage, seepage or filtration of which is or shall be restricted, prohibited or penalized by any applicable law including, but not limited to, asbestos, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, polychlorinated biphenyls, petroleum, petroleum products, lead based paint, radon gas or similar restricted, prohibited or penalized substances.

Hedging Agreements means, collectively, interest rate protection agreements, equity index agreements, foreign currency exchange agreements, option agreements or other interest or exchange rate or commodity price hedging agreements (other than forward contracts for the delivery of power or gas written by the Company to its jurisdictional and wholesale customers in the ordinary course of business).

holder means, with respect to any Bond, the Person in whose name such Bond is registered in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to section 3.05 of the Indenture, provided, however, that if such Person is a nominee, then for the purposes of Sections 7, 15 and 16 and any related definitions in this Schedule A, holder shall mean the beneficial owner of such Bond whose name and address appears in such register.

INHAM Exemption is defined in Section 6.2(e).

Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person (without duplication), (a) all indebtedness and obligations of such Person for borrowed money or in respect of loans or advances of any kind; (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments; (c) all reimbursement obligations of such Person with respect to surety bonds, letters of credit and bankers acceptance (in each case, whether or not drawn or matured and in the stated amount thereof); (d) all obligations of such Person to pay for the deferred purchase price of property or services; (e) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person; (f) all obligations of such Person as lessee under leases that are or are required to be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capital leases, to the extent such obligations are required to be so recorded; (g) the net termination obligations of such Person under any Hedging Agreements, calculated as of any date as if such agreement or arrangement were terminated as of such date in accordance with the applicable rules under GAAP; (h) all Contingent Obligations of such Person; (i) all obligations and liabilities of such Person incurred in connection with any transaction or series of transactions providing for the financing of assets through one or more securitizations or in connection with, or pursuant to, any synthetic lease or similar off-balance sheet financing; (j) the aggregate amount of uncollected accounts receivable of such Person subject at the time of determination to a sale of receivables (or similar transaction) to the extent such transaction is effected with recourse to such Person (whether or not such transaction would be reflected on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP); (k) all Specified Securities; and (l) all indebtedness referred to in clauses (a) through (k) 

A-5

above secured by any Lien on any property or asset owned or held by such Person regardless of whether the indebtedness secured thereby shall have been assumed by such Person or is nonrecourse to the credit of such Person.

Institutional Investor means (a) any Purchaser of a Bond, (b) any holder of a Bond holding (together with one or more of its affiliates) more than 5% of the aggregate principal amount of the Bonds then outstanding, (c) any bank, trust company, savings and loan association or other financial institution, any pension plan, any investment company, any insurance company, any broker or dealer, or any other similar financial institution or entity, regardless of legal form and (d) any Related Fund of any holder of any Bond.

Lien means, with respect to any Person, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance, or any interest or title of any vendor, lessor, lender or other secured party to or of such Person under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement or capital lease, upon or with respect to any property or asset of such Person (including in the case of stock, stockholder agreements, voting trust agreements and all similar arrangements).

Material means material in relation to the business, operations, affairs, financial condition, assets or properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, operations, affairs, financial condition, assets or properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Bonds, or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Financing Agreement.

Mortgaged Propertyis defined in the Indenture.

Multiemployer Plan means any Plan that is a multiemployer plan (as such term is defined in section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA).

Multiple Employer Plan means, with respect to the Company, a Single Employer Plan to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate and at least one employer other than the Company or any ERISA Affiliate are contributing sponsors.

NAIC means the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any successor thereto.

OFAC means the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control. 

OFAC Sanctions Program means any economic or trade sanction that OFAC is responsible for administering and enforcing. A list of OFAC Sanctions Programs may be found at http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/Programs/Pages/Programs.aspx.

Officers Certificate means a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer or of any other officer of the Company whose responsibilities extend to the subject matter of such certificate.

A-6

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA or any successor thereto.

Permitted Liensis defined in the Indenture.

Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, association, trust, unincorporated organization, business entity or Governmental Authority.

Plan means an employee benefit plan (as defined in section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to Title I of ERISA that is or, within the preceding five years, has been established or maintained, or to which contributions are or, within the preceding five years, have been made or required to be made, by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate or with respect to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate may have any liability.

Presentation is defined in Section 5.3.

property or properties means, unless otherwise specifically limited, real or personal property of any kind, tangible or intangible, choate or inchoate.

PTE is defined in Section 6.2(a).

Prohibited Transaction means any transaction described in (a) section 406 of ERISA that is not exempt by reason of section 408 of ERISA or by reason of a Department of Labor prohibited transaction individual or class exemption or (b) section 4975(c) of the Code that is not exempt by reason of section 4975(c)(2) or 4975(d) of the Code.

Purchaser or Purchasers means each of the purchasers that has executed and delivered this Agreement to the Company and such Purchasers successors and assigns, provided, however, that any Purchaser of a Bond that ceases to be the registered holder or a beneficial owner (through a nominee) of such Bond as the result of a transfer thereof pursuant to the Indenture shall cease to be included within the meaning of Purchaser of such Bond for the purposes of this Agreement upon such transfer.

QPAM Exemption is defined in Section 6.2(d).

Related Fund means, with respect to any holder of any Bond, any fund or entity that (i) invests in Securities or bank loans and (ii) is advised or managed by such holder, the same investment advisor as such holder or by an affiliate of such holder or such investment advisor.

Reportable Event means (a) any reportable event within the meaning of section 4043(c) of ERISA for which the notice under section 4043(a) of ERISA has not been waived by the PBGC (including any failure to meet the minimum funding standard of, or timely make any required installment under, section 412 of the Code or section 302 of ERISA, regardless of the issuance of any waivers in accordance with section 412(d) of the Code), (b) any such reportable event subject to advance notice to the PBGC under section 4043(b)(3) of ERISA,

A-7

(c) any application for a funding waiver or an extension of any amortization period pursuant to section 412 of the Code and (d) a cessation of operations described in section 4062(e) of ERISA.

Required Holders means, at any time on or after the Closing, the holders of more than 50% in principal amount of the Bonds at the time outstanding (exclusive of any Bonds then owned by the Company or any of its Affiliates). 

Responsible Officer means any Senior Financial Officer and any other officer of the Company with responsibility for the administration of the relevant portion of this Agreement.

Sanctioned Jurisdiction means, at any time, a country or territory which is itself subject to or the target of any comprehensive country-wide sanctions under U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws (as opposed to individual, entity or other list-based sanctions).

Securities or Security shall have the meaning specified in section 2(1) of the Securities Act. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect.

Senior Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Company.

Single Employer Plan means any Plan which is covered by Title IV of ERISA, but which is not a Multiemployer Plan or Multiple Employer Plan.

Source is defined in Section 6.2.

Specified Securities means, with respect to any Person, (a) all preferred Capital Stock issued by such Person and required by the terms thereof to be redeemed or for which mandatory sinking fund payments are due, (b) all securities issued by such Person that contain two distinct components, typically medium-term debt and a forward contract for the issuance of common stock prior to the debt maturity, including such securities commonly referred to by their tradenames as FELINE PRIDES, PEPS, HITS, SPACES and DECS and generally referred to as equity units and (c) all other securities issued by such Person that are similar to those described in the forgoing clauses (a) and (b).

State Sanctions List means a list that is adopted by any state Governmental Authority within the United States of America pertaining to Persons that engage in investment or other commercial activities in Iran or any other country that is a target of economic sanctions imposed under U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws.

Subsidiary and Subsidiaries means, as to any Person, any other Person in which such first Person or one or more of its Subsidiaries or such first Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries owns sufficient equity or voting interests to enable it or them (as a group) ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, to elect a majority of the directors (or Persons performing similar 

A-8

functions) of such second Person, and any partnership or joint venture if more than a 50% interest in the profits or capital thereof is owned by such first Person or one or more of its Subsidiaries or such first Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries (unless such partnership or joint venture can and does ordinarily take major business actions without the prior approval of such Person or one or more of its Subsidiaries). Any reference to a Subsidiary of the Company herein shall not include a Subsidiary that is inactive, has minimal or no assets and does not generate revenues. Unless the context otherwise clearly requires, any reference to a Subsidiary is a reference to a Subsidiary of the Company.

Substitute Purchaseris defined in Section 15.

SVO means the Securities Valuation Office of the NAIC or any successor to such Office.

United States Person has the meaning set forth in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

USA PATRIOT Act means United States Public Law 107-56, Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT ACT) Act of 2001, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect.

U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws means those laws, executive orders, enabling legislation or regulations administered and enforced by the United States pursuant to which economic sanctions have been imposed on any Person, entity, organization, country or regime, including the Trading with the Enemy Act, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, the Iran Sanctions Act, the Sudan Accountability and Divestment Act and any other OFAC Sanctions Program.

Utility Security Instrument Act means Title 8, Chapter 261 of the Texas Business & Commerce Code.

A-9

OPINIONS OF VARIOUS COUNSEL

TO THE COMPANY

Such opinions to be provided subject to assumptions, qualifications, limitations and exclusions reasonably acceptable to Purchasers and their special counsel

OPINIONS REQUESTED OF TROUTMAN PEPPER LOCKE

1. Execution and Delivery. Each of the Bond Purchase Agreement, the Indenture, the Supplemental Indenture and the Bonds has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

2. Validity and Enforceability. Each of the Bond Purchase Agreement, the Indenture, the Supplemental Indenture and the Bonds constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms.

3. Noncontravention. Neither the execution and delivery by the Company of any Subject Document to which it is a party, nor the performance by the Company of its obligations thereunder: (a) violates any statute or regulation of Applicable Law that, in each case, is applicable to the Company; (b) violates any provision of the Organizational Documents of the Company; or (c) violates, results in any breach of any of the terms of, or constitutes a default under, any Reviewed Document.

4. Governmental Approvals. No consent, approval or authorization of, filing with, or order of any federal or New York court or governmental agency or body, is required for (a) the issuance and sale of the Bonds, or (b) the execution and delivery of the Subject Documents, except in each case as have previously been made or obtained or except such as may be required under the blue sky laws of any jurisdiction (as to which we express no opinion).

5. Proceedings. To our knowledge, there is no outstanding judgment, action, suit or proceeding pending against the Company before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator which challenges the validity of any Subject Document to which the Company is a party. 

6. Investment Company Act. The Company is not required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

7. Registration. No registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, of the Bonds and no qualification of the Indenture or the Supplemental Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, is required for the offer and sale of the Bonds in the manner contemplated by the Bond Purchase Agreement, the Indenture and the Supplemental Indenture, it being understood that no opinion is expressed as to any subsequent resale of any Bonds.

SCHEDULE 4.4(a)

(to Bond Purchase Agreement)

OPINIONS REQUESTED OFJACKSON WALKER, L.L.P.

(a) The Base Indenture and the Supplemental Indenture have each been received for filing in the State Filing Office, and the Notices have been received for recording by the County Filing Offices, which State Filing Office and County Filing Offices constitute each jurisdiction in which the Base Indenture, such Supplemental Indenture and the Notices, respectively, are required to be filed or recorded, and such receipt for filing or recording makes effective the Lien intended to be created by the Indenture.

(b) The Bonds, when issued, authenticated and delivered in the manner provided for in the Indenture, will be entitled to the benefit of the Lien of the Indenture equally and ratably with all other Securities then Outstanding.

(c) The Indenture constitutes a Lien on the Designated Property Additions, and, based solely upon the Lien Search, the Designated Property Additions are subject to no Lien prior to the Lien of the Indenture except Permitted Liens.

OPINIONS REQUESTED OF IN-HOUSE LEGAL COUNSEL TO THE COMPANY,

SCOTT SEAMSTER, ESQ.

1. The Company is a corporation validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Texas. The Company has the corporate power and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as described in the Disclosure Documents. The Company is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction which requires such qualification, other than in those jurisdictions as to which the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

2. The Company has the corporate power to issue and sell the Bonds, execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Agreement, the Indenture and the Bonds, and the Company has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize the issuance and sale of the Bonds and the execution, delivery and performance by it of the Agreement, Indenture and the Bonds.

3. Each of the Base Indenture, the Agreement and the Supplemental Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. The Bonds have been duly authorized and executed by the Company.

4. Neither the execution and delivery by the Company of the Agreement, the Indenture and the Bonds, nor the performance by the Company of its obligations thereunder: (a) violates any applicable law or regulation of the State of Texas that, in each case, is applicable to the Company; (b) violates any provision of the articles of incorporation or bylaws of the Company; or (c) violates, results in any breach of any of the terms of, or constitutes a default under any indenture, credit agreement, mortgage, or deed of trust, or any other material contract, agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company or its properties may be bound (each a Company Agreement). 

4.4(a)-2

5. No consent, approval or authorization, filing with or order of any Texas governmental agency, or Texas court, is required to be obtained by the Company for the issuance and sale of the Bonds.

6. To my knowledge, there is no outstanding judgment, action, suit or proceeding pending against the Company before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator which challenges the validity of the Agreement, the Indenture or the Bonds.

4.4(a)-3

FORM OF OPINION OF SPECIAL COUNSEL

TO THE PURCHASERS

[To Be Provided on a Case by Case Basis]

SCHEDULE 4.4(b)

(to Bond Purchase Agreement)

SCHEDULE 5.3

DISCLOSURE MATERIALS

TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY

IntraLinks Items: Document Title

TNMP Cover Letter 

TNMP Bond Purchase Agreement 

TNMP Bond Purchase Agreement - Redline 

Investor Call Presentation 

Financial Statements Listed in Schedule 5.5 

SEC Filings: TNMPs Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2021-2023, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024 and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed to date in 2024 and 2025 prior to February 5, 2025 are all available on the following link:

https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar?action=getcompany&CIK=0000022767&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0

SCHEDULE 5.3

(to Bond Purchase Agreement)

SCHEDULE 5.4

Organization and Ownership of Shares of Subsidiaries; Affiliates

As of DECEMBER 31, 2024

(i) The Companys Subsidiaries (as defined):

None

(ii) The Companys Affiliates1, other than Subsidiaries:

(a) TXNM Energy, Inc.

(b) TNP Enterprises, Inc.

(c) Public Service Company of New Mexico

(d) PNMR Services Company

(e) PNMR Development and Management Corporation

(f) PNM Energy Transition Bond Company, LLC

(iii) The Companys Directors and Officers:

(a) Directors:

Patricia K. Collawn, Chairman

Elisabeth A. Eden, Director

Joseph D. Tarry, Director

James N. Walker, Director

(b) Officers: 

Gerald R. Bischoff, Vice President and Corporate Controller

Elisabeth A. Eden, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Christopher L. Gerety, Vice President, Engineering and Technical Services

Brian G. Iverson, General Counsel, Senior Vice President Regulatory and Public Policy and Corporate Secretary

Sheila M. Mendez, Vice President and Chief Information Officer

Keith C. Nix, Vice President, Operations

Joseph D. Tarry, Chief Executive Officer

Becky R. Teague, Vice President, Human Resources

James N. Walker, President

Stacy R. Whitehurst, Vice President, Regulatory Affairs

Sabrina G. Greinel, Vice President and Treasurer

1 List does not include inactive Affiliates.

SCHEDULE 5.4

(to Bond Purchase Agreement)

SCHEDULE 5.5

Financial Statements of Texas-New Mexico Power Company

contained in the following SEC Filings:

Date Filed 

SEC Filings 

Description

03/01/2022 

10-K 

Annual Report for year ended 12/31/21

02/28/2023 

10-K 

Annual Report for year ended 12/31/22

2/29/2024 

10-K 

Annual Report for year ended 12/31/23

5/03/2024 

10-Q 

Quarterly Report for quarter ended 3/31/24

8/02/2024 

10-Q 

Quarterly Report for quarter ended 6/30/24

11/01/2024 

10-Q 

Quarterly Report for quarter ended 9/30/24

Available on the following link:

https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar?action=getcompany&CIK=0000022767&owner=exclude&count=40&hidefilings=0

SCHEDULE 5.5

(to Bond Purchase Agreement)

SCHEDULE 5.15

EXISTING INDEBTEDNESS OF TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY

Texas- New Mexico Company Fixed Rate Bonds as of 9/30/2024

Description of Bonds Principal Outstanding (in $000) Interest Rates Year Issued Due Date

FMBs, 2016 Series $60,000 3.530% 2016 2/10/2026

FMBs, 2017 Series $60,000 3.220% 2017 8/24/2027

FMBs, 2018 Series $60,000 3.850% 2018 6/28/2028

FMBs, 2019 Series A $80,000 3.600% 2019 7/1/2029

FMBs, 2020 Series A $85,000 2.730% 2020 4/24/2030

FMBs, 2019 Series B $75,000 3.790% 2019 3/29/2034

FMBs, 2020 Series C $25,000 2.930% 2020 7/15/2035

FMBs, 2019 Series C $75,000 3.920% 2019 3/29/2039

FMBs, 2013 Series $93,198 6.950% 2013 4/1/2043

FMBs, 2019 Series D $75,000 4.060% 2019 3/29/2044

FMBs, 2020 Series B $25,000 3.360% 2020 4/24/2050

FMBs, 2020 Series D $50,000 3.360% 2020 7/15/2050

FMBs, 2021 Series A $65,000 2.440% 2021 8/15/2035

FMBs, 2022 Series A $65,000 4.130% 2022 5/12/2052

FMBs, 2022 Series C $95,000 3.810% 2022 7/28/2032

FMBs, 2023 Series A $130,000 5.010% 2023 4/28/2033

FMBs, 2023 Series B $55,000 5.470% 2023 7/28/2053

FMBs, 2024 Series A $32,000 5.260% 2024 3/28/2029

FMBs, 2024 Series B $85,000 5.550% 2024 3/28/2036

FMBs, 2024 Series D $40,000 5.650% 2024 7/1/2039

FMBs, 2024 Series E $128,000 5.790% 2024 7/1/2054

TOTAL $1,458,198 

Bank Credit Facilities: Variable Rate Revolvers and Term Loans

Credit Facility Effective Date Expiration Date Drawn Credit Facility Pricing (revolver grid pricing for current rating) Principal Outstanding 09/30/24; (in $000) Borrowing Rate as of 09/30/24

TNMP $200M Revolver* 04/01/2024 03/30/2029 SOFR+CSA+87.5 bps $97,500 5.96%

TNMP $150M Inter-company Loan Agreement with TXNM 2/1/2007 9/30/25

(renewed annually) Function of TXNM's Revolver borrowing rate, at the time of borrowing $0 0.00%

*Borrowings under the revolver are secured by $200.0 million aggregate principal amount of a series of first mortgage bonds.

SCHEDULE 5.15

(to Bond Purchase Agreement)

TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY

414 Silver Ave. SW

Albuquerque, New Mexico 87102-3289

INFORMATION RELATING TO PURCHASERS

SCHEDULE B

(to Bond Purchase Agreement)

Form of Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture

___________________________________________________________________________

___________________________________________________________________________

TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY

To

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

_______________________________________

TWENTY-THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

dated as of February 14, 2025

Supplemental to the First Mortgage Indenture

dated as of March 23, 2009

(file no.: 09-0007931211)

Establishing a series of Securities designated

5.19% FIRST MORTGAGE BONDS, DUE APRIL 1, 2031, SERIES 2025A 

___________________________________________________________________________

___________________________________________________________________________

THIS INSTRUMENT GRANTS A SECURITY INTEREST BY A UTILITY

THIS INSTRUMENT CONTAINS AFTER-ACQUIRED PROPERTY PROVISIONS

SCHEDULE C

(to Bond Purchase Agreement)

Address of Debtor:

Texas-New Mexico Power Company

Attention: Treasury

414 Silver Ave. SW, MS 0905 

Albuquerque, New Mexico 87102-3289

Address of Secured Party:

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee

111 Filmore Ave

Saint Paul, Minnesota 55107

Attention: Global Corporate Trust

TWENTY-THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of February 14, 2025, between TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Texas (the Company), and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association(ultimate successor as trustee to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.), as Trustee under the Indenture hereinafter referred to (the Trustee).

RECITALS OF THE COMPANY

WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee a First Mortgage Indenture dated as of March 23, 2009 (the Original Indenture), providing for the issuance by the Company from time to time of its bonds, notes or other evidence of indebtedness to be issued in one or more series (in the Original Indenture and herein called the Securities) and to provide security for the payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest, if any, on the Securities and the performance and observance of the other obligations of the Company thereunder; and

WHEREAS, the Company has also heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee a First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 23, 2009, a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 25, 2009, a Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 30, 2009, as amended by a First Amendment, dated as of December 16, 2010, a Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2011, a Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 3, 2013, a Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 27, 2014, a Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 10, 2016, an Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 24, 2017, a Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 28, 2018, a Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 29, 2019, an Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2019, a Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 24, 2020, a Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 15, 2020, a Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 16, 2021, a Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 12, 2022, a Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2022, a Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 28, 2022, an Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 28, 2023, a Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 28, 2023, a Twentieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 28, 2024, a Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 1, 2024 and a Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 1, 2024 each such supplemental indenture being between the Company and the Trustee, each providing for the establishment of the terms of one or more series of Securities (the Original Indenture, as supplemented by said First Supplemental Indenture, said Second Supplemental Indenture, said Third Supplemental Indenture (as amended), said Fourth Supplemental Indenture, said Fifth Supplemental Indenture, said Sixth Supplemental Indenture, as supplemented and amended by said Seventh Supplemental Indenture, as supplemented by said Eighth Supplemental Indenture, said Ninth Supplemental Indenture, said Tenth Supplemental Indenture, said Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, said Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, said Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, said Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, said Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, said Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, said Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture, said Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, said Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, said Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, said Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture and said Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture the Indenture); and

WHEREAS, on June 1, 2011, MUFG Union Bank, N.A. (under its then name, Union Bank, N.A.) succeeded to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as Trustee under the Indenture; effective March 15, 2021, U.S. Bank National Association succeeded to MUFG Union Bank, N.A. as Trustee under the Indenture; and effective January 29, 2022, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association succeeded to U.S. Bank National Association as Trustee under the Indenture; and

WHEREAS, the Company, in the exercise of the power and authority conferred upon and reserved to it under the provisions of the Indenture and pursuant to appropriate resolutions of the Board of Directors, has duly determined to make, execute and deliver to the Trustee this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture to the Indenture as permitted by Sections 2.01, 3.01 and 14.01 of the Original Indenture in order to establish the form and terms of, and to provide for the creation and issuance of, a new series of Securities under the Indenture to be known as its 5.19% First Mortgage Bonds, due April 1, 2031, Series 2025A in an aggregate principal amount of $140,000,000 (the 2025 Bonds); and

WHEREAS, all things necessary to make the 2025 Bonds, when executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee or any Authenticating Agent and issued upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter and in the Indenture set forth, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company and to make this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture a valid, binding and legal agreement of the Company, have been done.

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS TWENTY-THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE WITNESSETH that, in order to establish the terms of the 2025 Bonds and for and in consideration of the premises and of the covenants contained in the Indenture and in this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, intending to be legally bound, it is mutually covenanted and agreed as follows:

ARTICLE ONE

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. Certain Definitions. Each capitalized term that is used herein and is defined in the Original Indenture shall have the meaning specified in the Original Indenture unless such term is otherwise defined in this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture. Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference herein to a Section or an Exhibit means a Section of, or an Exhibit to, this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, as the case may be. The words herein, hereof and hereunder and words of similar import refer to this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision.

The following terms have the meanings given to them in this Article One and, for purposes of this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, such meanings shall supersede and replace the meanings given them, if any, in the Original Indenture: 

Certain terms, used principally in Article Two, are defined in that Article.

-2-

Blocked Person means (a) a Person whose name appears on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons published by OFAC, (b) a Person, entity or organization that is blocked or a target of sanctions that have been imposed under U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws, or (c) a Person that is an agent, department or instrumentality of, or otherwise beneficially owned fifty percent (50%) or more by, controlled by or acting on behalf of, directly or indirectly, any one or more Person(s), entity or organization described in clause (a) or (b) or a Sanctioned Jurisdiction.

Bond Repurchase Amountis defined in Section 2.07 hereof.

Bond Repurchase Requirementis defined in Section 2.07 hereof.

Capital Stock means (a) in the case of a corporation, all classes of capital stock of such corporation, (b) in the case of a partnership, partnership interests (whether general or limited), (c) in the case of a limited liability company, membership interests and (d) any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person; including, in each case, all warrants, rights or options to purchase any of the foregoing.

Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following: (a) any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all Capital Stock that such person or group has the right to acquire (such right, an option right), whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time), directly or indirectly, of twenty-five percent (25%) of the Capital Stock of the Parent entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the Parent on a fully diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right); (b) during any period of twenty-four (24) consecutive months, a majority of the members of the board of directors or other equivalent governing body of the Parent cease to be composed of individuals (i) who were members of that board or equivalent governing body on the first day of such period, (ii) whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clause (i) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body or (iii) whose election or nomination to that board or other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body; (c) any Person or two or more Persons acting in concert shall have acquired by contract or otherwise, or shall have entered into a contract or arrangement that, upon consummation thereof, will result in its or their acquisition of the power to exercise, directly or indirectly, a controlling influence over the management or policies of the Parent, or control over the Voting Stock of the Parent on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such Voting Stock that such Person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right) representing twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the combined voting power of such Voting Stock; or (d) the Parent shall cease to own, directly or 

-3-

indirectly, and free and clear of all Liens or other encumbrances (other than any Lien in favor of the administrative agent for the benefit of the lenders under any Material Credit Facility (as it may be amended, restated, supplemented, refinanced or otherwise modified from time to time) securing Indebtedness thereunder), at least one-hundred percent (100%) of the outstanding Voting Stock of the Company on a fully diluted basis. 

Change in Control Notice is defined in Section 2.06(a) hereof.

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time.

Consolidated Capitalization means, with respect to any Person, the sum of (a) all of the shareholders equity or net worth of such Person and its Subsidiaries, as determined in accordance with GAAP plus (b) Consolidated Indebtedness of such Person and its Subsidiaries plus (c) the outstanding principal amount of Preferred Stock plus (d) seventy-five percent (75%) of the outstanding principal amount of Specified Securities of such Person and its Subsidiaries.

Consolidated Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, with respect to any Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, an amount equal to (a) all Indebtedness of such Person and its Subsidiaries as of such date minus (b) the outstanding principal amount of stranded cost securitization bonds of such Person and its Subsidiaries minus (c) an amount equal to the lesser of (i) seventy-five percent (75%) of the outstanding principal amount of Specified Securities of such Person and its Subsidiaries and (ii) ten percent (10%) of Consolidated Capitalization (calculated assuming clause (i) above is applicable).

Contingent Obligation means, with respect to any Person, any direct or indirect liability of such Person with respect to any Indebtedness, liability or other obligation (the primary obligation) of another Person (the primary obligor), whether or not contingent, (a) to purchase, repurchase or otherwise acquire such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (b) to advance or provide funds (i) for the payment or discharge or any such primary obligation or (ii) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency or any balance sheet item, level of income or financial condition of the primary obligor, (c) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor in respect thereof to make payment of such primary obligation or (d) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the owner of any such primary obligation against loss or failure or inability to perform in respect thereof; provided, however, that, with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries, the term Contingent Obligation shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Contingent Obligation of any Person shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the maximum amount of such Persons liability with respect to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation for which such Contingent Obligation is incurred or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder).

Controlled Entity means (i) any of the Subsidiaries of the Company and any of their or the Companys respective Controlled Affiliates and (ii) if the Company has a parent company, 

-4-

such parent company and its Controlled Affiliates. As used in this definition, Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

Corporate Trust Office has the meaning given to it in the Original Indenture and for the purposes of such term in the Indenture and this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, the principal corporate trust office of the Trustee is 111 Filmore Ave, Saint Paul, Minnesota 55107, Attention: Global Corporate Trust, unless and until the Trustee shall have designated such other address as contemplated by such term.

Coupon Rate means the Coupon Rate for the 2025 Bonds as defined in Section 2.02 hereof.

Default Rate means as of any date, that rate of interest that is the greater of (i) two percent (2%) per annum above the Coupon Rate for the 2025 Bonds or (ii) two percent (2%) over the rate of interest publicly announced from time to time by U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association in Saint Paul, Minnesota as its base or prime rate, as in effect on such date.

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect. 

ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that is treated as a single employer together with the Company under section 414 of the Code.

ERISA Event means, with respect to the Company: (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Plan or a Multiemployer Plan, (b) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan, or the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of notice from a Multiemployer Plan that it is in insolvency pursuant to section 4245 of ERISA or that it intends to terminate or has terminated under section 4041A of ERISA, (c) the distribution by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate under section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate any Single Employer Plan or the taking of any action to terminate any Single Employer Plan, (d) the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC under section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Single Employer Plan, or the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of a notice from any Multiemployer Plan that such action has been taken by the PBGC with respect to such Multiemployer Plan, (e) the institution of a proceeding by any fiduciary of any Multiemployer Plan against the Company or any ERISA Affiliate to enforce section 515 of ERISA, which is not dismissed within thirty (30) days, (f) the imposition upon the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under section 4007 of ERISA, or the imposition or threatened imposition of any Lien upon any assets of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate as a result of any alleged failure to comply with the Code or ERISA in respect of any Single Employer Plan, (g) the engaging in or otherwise becoming liable for a nonexempt Prohibited Transaction by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate, (h) a violation of the applicable requirements of section 404 or 405 of ERISA or the exclusive benefit rule under section 401(a) of the Code by any fiduciary of any Single Employer Plan for which the Company 

-5-

or any ERISA Affiliate may be directly or indirectly liable, (i) the granting of a security interest in connection with the amendment of a Single Employer Plan or (j) the withdrawal of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiple Employer Plan during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as such term is defined in section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA), or the termination of a Multiple Employer Plan.

FATCA means Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act.

Fiscal Quartermeans each of the calendar quarters ending as of the last day of each March, June, September and December.

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States of America, and, notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic No. 825-10-25 Fair Value Option, International Accounting Standard 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement (or any other Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Company or any Subsidiary at fair value, as defined therein. 

Hedging Agreements means, collectively, interest rate protection agreements, equity index agreements, foreign currency exchange agreements, option agreements or other interest or exchange rate or commodity price hedging agreements (other than forward contracts for the delivery of power or gas written by the Company to its jurisdictional and wholesale customers in the ordinary course of business).

Indebtednessmeans, with respect to any Person (without duplication), (a) all indebtedness and obligations of such Person for borrowed money or in respect of loans or advances of any kind, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments, (c) all reimbursement obligations of such Person with respect to surety bonds, letters of credit and bankers acceptance (in each case, whether or not drawn or matured and in the stated amount thereof), (d) all obligations of such Person to pay for the deferred purchase price of property or services, (e) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person, (f) all obligations of such Person as lessee under leases that are or are required to be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capital leases, to the extent such obligations are required to be so recorded, (g) the net termination obligations of such Person under any Hedging Agreements, calculated as of any date as if such agreement or arrangement were terminated as of such date in accordance with the applicable rules under GAAP, (h) all Contingent Obligations of such Person, (i) all obligations and liabilities of such Person incurred in connection with any transaction or series of transactions providing for the financing of assets through one or more securitizations or in connection with, or pursuant to, any synthetic lease or similar off-balance sheet financing, (j) the aggregate amount of uncollected accounts receivable of such Person subject at the time of determination to a sale of receivables (or similar transaction) to the extent such transaction is effected with recourse to such Person (whether or not such transaction would be reflected on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with 

-6-

GAAP), (k) all Specified Securities and (l) all indebtedness referred to in clauses (a) through (k) above secured by any Lien on any property or asset owned or held by such Person regardless of whether the indebtedness secured thereby shall have been assumed by such Person or is nonrecourse to the credit of such Person.

Interest Payment Date is defined in Section 2.02 hereof.

Institutional Investor means (a) any Holder of a 2025 Bond on the date hereof, (b) any Holder of a 2025 Bond holding (together with one or more of its affiliates) more than 5% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Bonds then outstanding, (c) any bank, trust company, savings and loan association or other financial institution, any pension plan, any investment company, any insurance company, any broker or dealer, or any other similar financial institution or entity, regardless of legal form, and (d) any Related Fund of any Holder of any 2025 Bond.

Lien means, with respect to any Person, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance, or any interest or title of any vendor, lessor, lender or other secured party to or of such Person under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement or capital lease, upon or with respect to any property or asset of such Person (including in the case of stock, stockholder agreements, voting trust agreements and all similar arrangements).

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, operations, affairs, financial condition, assets or properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the Indenture and the 2025 Bonds, or (c) the validity or enforceability of the Indenture and the 2025 Bonds.

Material Credit Facility means, as to the Company and its Subsidiaries, 

(a) the $200,000,000 Credit Agreement among the Company, certain lenders identified therein and certain agents identified therein dated as of April 1, 2024, including any further renewals, extensions, amendments, supplements, restatements, replacements or refinancing thereof (the Credit Agreement); and

(b) any other agreement(s) creating or evidencing indebtedness for borrowed money (other than indebtedness owed to affiliates of the Company), entered into on or after February 14, 2025, by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, or in respect of which the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company is an obligor or otherwise provides a guarantee or other credit support (Credit Facility), in a principal amount outstanding or available for borrowing equal to or greater than $60,000,000 (or the equivalent of such amount in the relevant currency of payment, determined as of the date of the closing of such facility based on the exchange rate of such other currency).

Multiemployer Plan means any Plan that is a multiemployer plan (as such term is defined in section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA).

-7-

Multiple Employer Plan means, with respect to the Company, a Single Employer Plan to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate and at least one employer other than the Company or any ERISA Affiliate are contributing sponsors.

OFAC Sanctions Program means any economic or trade sanction that OFAC is responsible for administering and enforcing. A list of OFAC Sanctions Programs may be found at http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/Programs/Pages/Programs.aspx.

Parent means TXNM Energy, Inc., a New Mexico corporation, together with its successors.

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA or any successor thereto.

Plan means an employee benefit plan (as defined in section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to Title I of ERISA that is or, within the preceding five years, has been established or maintained, or to which contributions are or, within the preceding five years, have been made or required to be made, by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate or with respect to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate may have any liability.

Preferred Stock means, with respect to any Person, all preferred Capital Stock issued by such Person in which the terms thereof do not require such Capital Stock to be redeemed or to make mandatory sinking fund payments.

Proposed Prepayment Date is defined in Section 2.06(b) hereof.

Regular Record Date is defined in Section 2.02 hereof.

Related Fund means, with respect to any Holder of any 2025 Bond, any fund or entity that (i) invests in securities or bank loans, and (ii) is advised or managed by such Holder, the same investment advisor as such Holder or by an Affiliate of such Holder or such investment advisor.

Responsible Officer of the Company means any Senior Financial Officer and any other officer of the Company with responsibility for the administration of the relevant portion of the matters set forth in the Indenture as supplemented and amended.

Restrictive Legend means the legend set forth on the form of the First Mortgage Bonds in Exhibit A hereto.

Rule 144 means Rule 144 (or any successor rule) under the Securities Act.

Sanctioned Jurisdiction means, at any time, a country or territory which is itself subject to or the target of any comprehensive country-wide sanctions under U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws (as opposed to individual, entity or other list-based sanctions).

-8-

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States, or any successor thereto.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect.

Senior Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Company.

Single Employer Plan means any Plan which is covered by Title IV of ERISA, but which is not a Multiemployer Plan or Multiple Employer Plan.

Special Record Date is defined in Section 2.02 hereof.

SpecifiedPrior Supplements means (i) the Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 27, 2014, (ii) the Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 10, 2016 and (iii) the Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 24, 2017; each among the Company and the Trustee and pursuant to the Original Indenture.

Specified Securities means, with respect to any Person, (a) all preferred Capital Stock issued by such Person and required by the terms thereof to be redeemed or for which mandatory sinking fund payments are due, (b) all securities issued by such Person that contain two distinct components, typically medium-term debt and a forward contract for the issuance of common stock prior to the debt maturity, including such securities commonly referred to by their tradenames as FELINE PRIDES, PEPS, HITS, SPACES and DECS and generally referred to as equity units and (c) all other securities issued by such Person that are similar to those described in the forgoing clauses (a) and (b).

Subsidiaryand Subsidiaries means, as to any Person, any other Person in which such first Person or one or more of its Subsidiaries or such first Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries owns sufficient equity or voting interests to enable it or them (as a group) ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, to elect a majority of the directors (or Persons performing similar functions) of such second Person, and any partnership or joint venture if more than a fifty percent (50%) interest in the profits or capital thereof is owned by such first Person or one or more of its Subsidiaries or such first Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries (unless such partnership or joint venture can and does ordinarily take major business actions without the prior approval of such Person or one or more of its Subsidiaries). Any reference to a Subsidiary of the Company herein shall not include a Subsidiary that is inactive, has minimal or no assets and does not generate revenues. Unless the context otherwise clearly requires, any reference to a Subsidiary is a reference to a Subsidiary of the Company. 

TBCCis defined in Section 4.01 hereof.

Total Assetsmeans all assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries as shown on its most recent quarterly consolidated balance sheet, as determined in accordance with GAAP.

-9-

U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws means those laws, executive orders, enabling legislation or regulations administered and enforced by the United States pursuant to which economic sanctions have been imposed on any Person, entity, organization, country or regime, including the Trading with the Enemy Act, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, the Iran Sanctions Act, the Sudan Accountability and Divestment Act and any other OFAC Sanctions Program.

Voting Stockmeans the Capital Stock of a Person that is then outstanding and normally entitled to vote in the election of directors and other securities of such Person convertible into or exercisable for such Capital Stock (whether or not such securities are then currently convertible or exercisable).

ARTICLE TWO 

TITLE, FORM AND TERMS OF THE 2025 BONDS

Section 2.01. Title of the First Mortgage Bonds. This Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture hereby creates a series of Securities designated as the 5.19% First Mortgage Bonds, due April 1, 2031, Series 2025A. The 2025 Bonds shall be executed, authenticated and delivered in accordance with the provisions of, and, except as hereinafter provided, shall in all respects be subject to all of the terms, conditions and covenants of, the Indenture as supplemented by this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture. For purposes of the Indenture, the 2025 Bonds shall constitute a single series of Securities and (subject to the limitations set forth in Article IV of the Original Indenture) shall be issued in an aggregate principal amount of $140,000,000.

Section 2.02. Form and Terms of the 2025 Bonds. The form and terms of the 2025 Bonds pursuant to the authority granted by this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture in accordance with Sections 2.01 and 3.01 of the Original Indenture are set forth herein. The 2025 Bonds shall be issued in registered form without coupons in the denominations of $100,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof, appropriately numbered and substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A hereto for the 2025 Bonds. The terms of the 2025 Bonds contained in the form thereof set forth in Exhibit A hereto are hereby incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof as if set forth in full herein.

The 2025 Bonds shall mature on April 1, 2031 and shall bear interest at the rate of 5.19% per annum (the Coupon Rate) from February 14, 2025 through Maturity, payable semi-annually on the 1st day of April and 1st day of October, in each year commencing October 1, 2025, and on the date of Maturity (each such April 1st, October 1st, and date of Maturity, hereinafter called an Interest Payment Date) until the principal thereof is paid or made available for payment.

If any Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the Interest Payment Date will be the next succeeding Business Day (and no interest or other payment shall be payable in respect of any such delay, provided that any payment of principal of or Make-Whole Amount on any 2025 Bond (including principal due upon Maturity) that is due on a date that is not a Business Day shall be due and payable on the next succeeding Business Day and shall include the 

-10-

additional days elapsed in the computation of interest payable at such next succeeding Business Day). Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months.

The 2025 Bonds shall be payable as to principal, Make-Whole Amount, if any, and interest (including interest on overdue principal and on overdue installments of interest to the extent lawful) in any coin or currency of the United States of America which at the time of payment is legal tender for public and private debts, and shall be payable as provided for in the Indenture. 

To the extent lawful, the Company shall pay interest on overdue principal and Make-Whole Amount, if any, at the Default Rate (instead of the Coupon Rate), from the day any such payment was due until the amount is paid or made available for payment and it shall pay interest on overdue installments of interest at the Default Rate (instead of the Coupon Rate) from the applicable Interest Payment Date until such interest is paid or made available for payment.

The interest so payable on any Interest Payment Date shall be paid to the Persons in whose names the 2025 Bonds are registered at the close of business on the regular record date for such Interest Payment Date, which shall be the fifteenth (15th) day of the month immediately preceding the month in which such Interest Payment Date occurs (hereinafter called a Regular Record Date); except that if the Company shall default in the payment of any interest due on such Interest Payment Date, the Company may elect to make payment of any Defaulted Interest to the Persons in whose names the Securities (or their respective Predecessor Securities) are registered at the close of business on a date (herein called a Special Record Date) established to determine the Holders of record who will receive such Defaulted Interest (which shall be fixed in accordance with Section 3.07 of the Original Indenture), which Special Record Date shall not be more than fifteen (15) days or less than ten (10) days prior to the date proposed by the Company for payment of such Defaulted Interest.

Anything in the Indenture or herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Trustee shall have the right to accept and act upon any notice, instruction, or other communication, including any funds transfer instruction, (each, a Notice) received pursuant to the Indenture or this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture by electronic transmission (including by e-mail, facsimile transmission, web portal or other electronic methods) and shall not have any duty to confirm that the person sending such Notice is, in fact, a person authorized to do so. Electronic signatures believed by the Trustee to comply with the ESIGN Act of 2000 or other applicable law (including electronic images of handwritten signatures and digital signatures provided by DocuSign, Orbit, Adobe Sign or any other digital signature provider identified by any other party hereto and acceptable to the Trustee) shall be deemed original signatures for all purposes. Each other party to this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture assumes all risks arising out of the use of electronic signatures and electronic methods to send Notices to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on an unauthorized Notice and the risk of interception or misuse by third parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee may in any instance and in its sole discretion require that a Notice in the form of an original document bearing a manual signature be delivered to the Trustee in lieu of, or in addition to, any such electronic Notice.

Section 2.03. Optional Prepayments with Make-Whole Amount. The Company may, at its option, upon notice as provided below, prepay at any time all, or from time to time any part of, the 

-11-

2025 Bonds, in an amount not less than ten percent (10%) of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Bonds then outstanding in the case of a partial prepayment, at one-hundred percent (100%) of the principal amount so prepaid, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, and the Make-Whole Amount determined for the prepayment date with respect to such principal amount. The Company will give each Holder of the 2025 Bonds written notice, with a copy to the Trustee, of each optional prepayment under this Section 2.03 not less than ten (10) days and not more than sixty (60) days prior to the date fixed for such prepayment unless the Company and the Holders of more than fifty percent (50%) of the principal amount of the 2025 Bonds then outstanding agree in writing to another time period. Each such notice shall specify such date (which shall be a Business Day), the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Bonds being prepaid on such date, the principal amount of each 2025 Bond held by such Holder to be prepaid (determined in accordance with Section 2.03(a)), and the interest to be paid on the prepayment date with respect to such principal amount being prepaid, and shall be accompanied by a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer as to the estimated Make-Whole Amount with respect to the 2025 Bonds to be prepaid due in connection with such prepayment (calculated as if the date of such notice were the date of the prepayment), setting forth the details of such computation. Two (2) Business Days prior to such prepayment, the Company shall deliver to each Holder of 2025 Bonds a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer specifying the calculation of such Make-Whole Amount as of the specified prepayment date. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 2.03, if and so long as any Event of Default or Bond Repurchase Event shall have occurred and be continuing, any partial prepayment of the 2025 Bonds shall be allocated among all of the 2025 Bonds at the time outstanding in proportion, as nearly as practicable, to the respective unpaid principal amounts thereof. 

(a) Allocation of Partial Prepayments. In the case of each partial prepayment of the 2025 Bonds pursuant to Section 2.03, the principal amount of 2025 Bonds to be prepaid shall be allocated among all of the 2025 Bonds at the time outstanding in proportion, as nearly as practicable, to the respective unpaid principal amounts thereof not theretofore called for prepayment, after giving effect to minimum authorized denominations of $100,000.

(b) Maturity; Surrender, Etc. In the case of each optional prepayment of 2025 Bonds pursuant to this Section 2.03, the principal amount of each 2025 Bond to be prepaid shall mature and become due and payable on the date fixed for such prepayment, together with interest on such principal amount accrued to such date and the applicable Make-Whole Amount, if any. From and after such date, unless the Company shall fail to pay such principal amount when so due and payable, together with the interest and Make-Whole Amount, if any, as aforesaid, interest on such principal amount shall cease to accrue. Any 2025 Bond paid or prepaid in full shall be surrendered to the Company and cancelled and shall not be reissued, and no 2025 Bond shall be issued in lieu of any prepaid principal amount of any 2025 Bond.

Section 2.04. Purchase of Bonds. The Company will not and will not permit any Subsidiary of the Company to purchase, redeem, prepay or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any of the outstanding 2025 Bonds except (a) upon the payment or prepayment of the 2025 Bonds in accordance with this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture and the 2025 Bonds or (b) pursuant to an offer to purchase made by the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company pro rata to the Holders of all 2025 Bonds at the time outstanding upon the same terms and conditions. 

-12-

Any such offer shall provide each Holder with sufficient information to enable it to make an informed decision with respect to such offer, and shall remain open for at least ten (10) Business Days. If the Holders of more than fifty percent (50%) of the principal amount of the 2025 Bonds then outstanding accept such offer, the Company shall promptly notify the remaining Holders of 2025 Bonds of such fact and the expiration date for the acceptance by Holders of 2025 Bonds of such offer shall be extended by the number of days necessary to give each such remaining Holder at least five (5) Business Days from its receipt of such notice to accept such offer. The Company will promptly cancel all 2025 Bonds acquired by it or any Subsidiary of the Company pursuant to any payment, prepayment or purchase of 2025 Bonds pursuant to this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture and no 2025 Bonds may be issued in substitution or exchange for any such 2025 Bonds. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 2.04, if and so long as any Event of Default or Bond Repurchase Event shall have occurred and be continuing, any partial prepayment of the 2025 Bonds shall be allocated among all of the 2025 Bonds at the time outstanding in proportion, as nearly as practicable, to the respective unpaid principal amounts thereof.

Section 2.05. Make-Whole Amount.

Make-Whole Amount means, with respect to any 2025 Bond, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Discounted Value of the Remaining Scheduled Payments with respect to the Called Principal of such 2025 Bond over the amount of such Called Principal, provided that the Make-Whole Amount may in no event be less than zero; provided further that the Make-Whole Amount shall equal zero with respect to the 2025 Bonds if such prepayment occurs on or after the date which is ninety (90) days prior to the Maturity Date of the 2025 Bonds. For the purposes of determining the Make-Whole Amount, the following terms have the following meanings:

Called Principal means, with respect to any 2025 Bond, the principal of such 2025 Bond that is to be prepaid pursuant to Section 2.03 or Section 2.07 or is declared to be due and payable pursuant to Section 10.02 of the Original Indenture.

Discounted Value means, with respect to the Called Principal of any 2025 Bond, the amount obtained by discounting all Remaining Scheduled Payments with respect to such Called Principal from their respective scheduled due dates to the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal, in accordance with accepted financial practice and at a discount factor (applied on the same periodic basis as that on which interest on the 2025 Bonds is payable) equal to the Reinvestment Yield with respect to such Called Principal.

Reinvestment Yield means, with respect to the Called Principal of any 2025 Bond, 0.50% over the yield to maturity implied by the yield(s) reported as of 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the second Business Day preceding the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal, on the display designated as Page PX1 (or such other display as may replace Page PX1) on Bloomberg Financial Markets for the most recently issued actively traded on-the-run U.S. Treasury securities (Reported) having a maturity equal to the Remaining Average Life of such Called Principal as of such Settlement Date. If there are no such U.S. Treasury securities Reported having a maturity equal to such Remaining Average Life, then such implied yield to maturity will be determined by (a) converting U.S. Treasury bill quotations to bond equivalent yields in accordance with accepted financial practice and (b) interpolating linearly between the yields 

-13-

Reported for the applicable most recently issued actively traded on-the-run U.S. Treasury securities with the maturities (1) closest to and greater than such Remaining Average Life and (2) closest to and less than such Remaining Average Life. The Reinvestment Yield shall be rounded to the number of decimal places as appears in the interest rate of the 2025 Bond. 

If such yields are not Reported or the yields Reported as of such time are not ascertainable (including by way of interpolation), then Reinvestment Yield means, with respect to the Called Principal of any 2025 Bond, 0.50% over the yield to maturity implied by the U.S. Treasury constant maturity yields reported, for the latest day for which such yields have been so reported as of the second Business Day preceding the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal, in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (or any comparable successor publication) for the U.S. Treasury constant maturity having a term equal to the Remaining Average Life of such Called Principal as of such Settlement Date. If there is no such U.S. Treasury constant maturity having a term equal to such Remaining Average Life, such implied yield to maturity will be determined by interpolating linearly between (1) the U.S. Treasury constant maturity so reported with the term closest to and greater than such Remaining Average Life and (2) the U.S. Treasury constant maturity so reported with the term closest to and less than such Remaining Average Life. The Reinvestment Yield shall be rounded to the number of decimal places as appears in the interest rate of the applicable 2025 Bond.

Remaining Average Life means, with respect to any Called Principal, the number of years obtained by dividing (i) such Called Principal into (ii) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (a) the principal component of each Remaining Scheduled Payment with respect to such Called Principal by (b) the number of years, computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day months and calculated to two decimal places, that will elapse between the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal and the scheduled due date of such Remaining Scheduled Payment.

Remaining Scheduled Payments means, with respect to the Called Principal of any 2025 Bond, all payments of such Called Principal and interest thereon that would be due after the Settlement Date with respect to such Called Principal if no payment of such Called Principal were made prior to its scheduled due date, provided that if such Settlement Date is not a date on which interest payments are due to be made under the 2025 Bonds, then the amount of the next succeeding scheduled interest payment will be reduced by the amount of interest accrued to such Settlement Date and required to be paid on such Settlement Date pursuant to Section 2.03 or Section 2.07 or is declared to be due and payable pursuant to Section 10.02 of the Original Indenture.

Settlement Date means, with respect to the Called Principal of any 2025 Bond, the date on which such Called Principal is to be prepaid pursuant to Section 2.03 or Section 2.07 or is declared to be due and payable pursuant to Section 10.02 of the Original Indenture.

Section 2.06. Change in Control. 

(a) Notice of Change in Control. The Company will, within thirty (30) Business Days after the occurrence of any Change in Control, give written notice (the Change in Control Notice) of such Change in Control to each Holder of 2025 Bonds, with a copy to the Trustee. 

-14-

Such Change in Control Notice shall contain and constitute an offer to prepay the 2025 Bonds as described in Section 2.06(b) hereof and shall be accompanied by the certificate described in Section 2.06(e). 

(b) Offer to Prepay Bonds. The offer to prepay 2025 Bonds contemplated by Section 2.06(a) shall be an offer to prepay, in accordance with and subject to this Section 2.06, all, but not less than all, the 2025 Bonds held by each Holder (in this case only, Holder in respect of any 2025 Bond registered in the name of a nominee for a disclosed beneficial owner shall mean such beneficial owner) on a date (which shall be a Business Day) specified in such Change in Control Notice (the Proposed Prepayment Date). Such date shall be not fewer than thirty (30) days and not more than sixty (60) days after the date of delivery of the Change in Control Notice.

(c) Acceptance; Rejection. Any Holder of 2025 Bonds may accept or reject the offer to prepay made pursuant to this Section 2.06 by causing a notice of such acceptance or rejection to be delivered to the Company not fewer than then ten (10) days prior to the Proposed Prepayment Date. A failure by a Holder of 2025 Bonds to respond to an offer to prepay made pursuant to this Section 2.06 shall be deemed to constitute a rejection of such offer by such Holder.

(d) Prepayment. Prepayment of the 2025 Bonds to be prepaid pursuant to this Section 2.06 shall be at one-hundred percent (100%) of the principal amount of the 2025 Bonds together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon but without any Make-Whole Amount or other premium. The prepayment shall be made on the Proposed Prepayment Date.

(e) Company Certificate. Each Change in Control Notice delivered pursuant to Section 2.06(a) shall be accompanied by a certificate, executed by a Senior Financial Officer and dated the date of delivery of the Change in Control Notice, stating: (i) the Proposed Prepayment Date; (ii) that such offer is made pursuant to this Section 2.06; (iii) the principal amount of each 2025 Bond offered to be prepaid (which shall be one-hundred percent (100%) of the outstanding principal balance of each such 2025 Bond); (iv) the amount of accrued interest that would be due and payable on each 2025 Bond offered to be prepaid, accrued to the Proposed Prepayment Date; (v) that the conditions of this Section 2.06 required to be fulfilled prior to the giving of notice have been fulfilled; and (vi) in reasonable detail, a general description of the events that resulted in, and date of occurrence of, the Change in Control.

Section 2.07. Bond Repurchase Event. On the Bond Repurchase Date, the Company shall repurchase (the Bond Repurchase Requirement) the 2025 Bonds for a purchase price equal to the aggregate principal amount of 2025 Bonds then Outstanding, all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, and the Make-Whole Amount determined for the Bond Repurchase Date with respect to such principal amount (the Bond RepurchaseAmount). On the Bond Repurchase Date, the Company will deposit with the Trustee immediately available funds in an amount equal to the Bond Repurchase Amount and the Trustee shall pay such amount as soon as practicable after receipt thereof to the Holders of 2025 Bonds. Payment of a Bond Repurchase Amount shall be deemed to satisfy and discharge in full the principal of, and Make-Whole Amount, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the 2025 Bonds.

-15-

The Companys obligation to satisfy a Bond Repurchase Requirement shall be mandatory upon the occurrence of a Bond Repurchase Event. 

Any 2025 Bonds surrendered to the Trustee in connection with a Bond Repurchase Requirement shall promptly be cancelled in accordance with Section 3.09 of the Original Indenture.

For the purposes of this Section 2.07, the following terms will have the meanings set forth below: 

Bond Repurchase Date means the date of the occurrence of a Bond Repurchase Event with respect to the 2025 Bonds while any of the 2025 Bonds are Outstanding.

A Bond Repurchase Event with respect to 2025 Bonds shall exist if any of the conditions or events described in any of paragraphs (1) through (7) below shall be continuing fifteen (15) days following the first to occur of (i) a Responsible Officer of the Company obtaining actual knowledge of such occurrence or (ii) the Companys receipt of a written notice from any Holder of a 2025 Bond of such occurrence: 

(1) Economic Sanctions, Etc. The Company does, or permits any Controlled Entity to, (a) become (including by virtue of being owned or controlled by a Blocked Person), own or control a Blocked Person or (b) directly or indirectly have any investment in or engage in any dealing or transaction (including any investment, dealing or transaction involving the proceeds of the 2025 Bonds) with any Person if such investment, dealing or transaction (i) would cause any holder or any affiliate of such holder to be in violation of any law or regulation applicable to such holder, or (ii) is prohibited by any U.S. Economic Sanctions Laws.

(2) Sale or Lease of Assets. The Company sells, leases, transfers or otherwise disposes of, any of its assets (including, without limitation, all or substantially all of its assets, whether in one transaction or a series of related transactions) except (a) sales or other transfers of assets for fair value, if the aggregate value of all such transactions in any calendar year does not exceed twenty-five percent (25%) of the book value of Total Assets of the Company, as calculated as of the end of the most recent Fiscal Quarter, and (b) sales, leases, transfers or other dispositions, at less than fair value, of any other assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, provided that the aggregate book value of such assets shall not exceed $25,000,000 in any calendar year. 

(3) Debt Capitalization. The ratio of (i) Consolidated Indebtedness of the Company to (ii) Consolidated Capitalization of the Company is greater than 0.65 to 1.0 (a) as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Company or (b) at any time if any first mortgage bonds issued under Specified Prior Supplements remain outstanding.

(4) Financial and Business Information. The Company fails to deliver to each Holder of 2025 Bonds that is an Institutional Investor the documents set forth below in paragraphs (a) Quarterly Statements, (b) Annual Statements, (c) SEC and other Reports (if any), (d) Notice of Event of Default or Bond Repurchase Event (if any), and (e) ERISA Matters (if any) by either (i) within the time periods set forth in such paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e)(x) delivering paper 

-16-

copies, to the address, if any, specifically designated therefore by such Holder, by hand-delivery or by overnight courier or (y) delivering electronic copies by email or (ii) with respect to the documents set forth in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c), giving written notice within fifteen (15) Business Days after the timely filing on EDGAR or posting on its home page or on its Parents home page on the internet or on Intralinks or on any similar website to which each Holder of the 2025 Bonds has free access, by the Company of a Form 10-K (or such annual financial statements satisfying the requirements of paragraph (b) below), Form 10-Q (or such quarterly financial statements satisfying the requirements of paragraph (a) below), Form 8-K or any proxy statement, as the case may be:

(a) Quarterly Statements within sixty (60) days (or such shorter period as is the earlier of (x) fifteen (15) days greater than the period applicable to the filing of the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the Form 10-Q) with the SEC regardless of whether the Company is subject to the filing requirements thereof and (y) the date by which such financial statements are required to be delivered under any Material Credit Facility or the date on which such corresponding financial statements are delivered under any Material Credit Facility if such delivery occurs earlier than such required delivery date) after the end of each quarterly fiscal period in each fiscal year of the Company (other than the last quarterly fiscal period of each such fiscal year), duplicate copies of

(i) a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter, and

(ii) consolidated statements of income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries, for such quarter and (in the case of the second and third quarters) for the portion of the fiscal year ending with such quarter, 

setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding periods in the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, prepared in accordance with GAAP applicable to quarterly financial statements generally, and certified by a Senior Financial Officer as fairly presenting, in all material respects, the financial position of the companies being reported on and their results of operations and cash flows, subject to changes resulting from year-end adjustments, provided that delivery within the time period specified above of copies of the Companys Form 10-Q prepared in compliance with the requirements therefor and filed with the SEC shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this paragraph (a) - Quarterly Statements; 

(b) Annual Statements within one hundred twenty (120) days (or such shorter period as is the earlier of (x) fifteen (15) days greater than the period applicable to the filing of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K) with the SEC regardless of whether the Company is subject to the filing requirements thereof and (y) the date by which such financial statements are required to be delivered under any Material Credit Facility or the date on which such corresponding financial statements are delivered under any Material Credit Facility if such delivery occurs earlier than such 

-17-

required delivery date) after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, duplicate copies of:

(i) a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such year, and

(ii) consolidated statements of income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, prepared in accordance with GAAP, and accompanied by an opinion thereon (without a going concern or similar qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of the audit on which such opinion is based) of independent public accountants of recognized national standing, which opinion shall state that such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the companies being reported upon and their results of operations and cash flows and have been prepared in conformity with GAAP, and that the examination of such accountants in connection with such financial statements has been made in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, and that such audit provides a reasonable basis for such opinion in the circumstances, provided that the delivery within the time period specified above of the Companys Form 10-K for such fiscal year (together with the Companys annual report to shareholders, if any, prepared pursuant to Rule 14a-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) prepared in accordance with the requirements therefor and filed with the SEC, shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this paragraph (b)-Annual Statements;

(c) SEC and Other Reports promptly upon their becoming available, one copy of (i) each financial statement, report, notice or proxy statement sent by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company to its principal lending banks as a whole (excluding information sent to such banks in the ordinary course of administration of a bank facility, such as information relating to pricing and borrowing availability) or to its public securities holders generally, and (ii) each regular or periodic report, each registration statement that shall have become effective (without exhibits except as expressly requested by such Holder), and each final prospectus and all amendments thereto filed by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company with the SEC; 

(d) Notice of Event of Default or Bond Repurchase Event promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after a Responsible Officer of the Company becomes aware of the existence of any Event of Default or any Bond Repurchase Event, a written notice specifying the nature and period of existence thereof and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto; and

(e) ERISA Matters promptly, and in any event within ten (10) days after a Responsible Officer of the Company becoming aware of any of the following, a written notice setting forth the nature thereof and the action, if any, that the Company or an ERISA Affiliate proposes to take with respect thereto:

-18-

(i) with respect to any Plan, any Reportable Event would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or

(ii) the taking by the PBGC of steps to institute, or the threatening by the PBGC of the institution of, proceedings under section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Single Employer Plan, or the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of a notice from a Multiemployer Plan that such action has been taken by the PBGC with respect to such Multiemployer Plan, which in either event would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or

(iii) any event, transaction or condition that could result in the incurrence of any liability by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Title I or IV of ERISA or the penalty or excise tax provisions of the Code relating to employee benefit plans, or in the imposition of any Lien on any of the rights, properties or assets of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Title I or IV of ERISA or such penalty or excise tax provisions, if such liability or Lien, taken together with any other such liabilities or Liens then existing, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(5) Officers Certificate. The Company fails to deliver to each Holder of 2025 Bonds that is an Institutional Investor, in the manner and at the time periods set forth above in paragraph 4(a)-Quarterly Statements and paragraph 4(b)-Annual Statements, a certificate of a Senior Financial Officer certifying that such Senior Financial Officer has reviewed the relevant terms of this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture and of the Indenture and has made, or caused to be made, under his or her supervision, a review of the transactions and conditions of the Company and its Subsidiaries from the beginning of the quarterly or annual period covered by the statements then being furnished to the date of the certificate and that such review shall not have disclosed the existence during such period of any condition or event that constitutes an Event of Default or Bond Repurchase Event with respect to the 2025 Bonds or, if any such condition or event existed or exists, specifying the nature and period of existence thereof and what action the Company shall have taken or proposes to take with respect thereto.

(6) Material Credit Facilities. With respect to any Material Credit Facility (a) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company defaults in the payment of any principal of or premium or make-whole amount or interest that is outstanding in an aggregate principal amount of at least $20,000,000 beyond any period of grace with respect thereto, or (b) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company is in default in the performance of or compliance with any term of any Material Credit Facility in an aggregate outstanding principal amount of at least $20,000,000 or any other condition exists, and as a consequence of such default such Material Credit Facility has become, or has been declared (or one or more Persons are entitled to declare such Material Credit Facility to be), due and payable before its stated maturity or before its regularly scheduled dates of payment, or (c) as a consequence of the occurrence or continuation of any event or condition (other than the passage of time or the right of the holder or lender of any Material Credit Facility to convert such indebtedness into equity interests), (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company has become obligated to purchase or repay such indebtedness before its regular 

-19-

maturity or before its regularly scheduled dates of payment in an aggregate outstanding principal amount of at least $20,000,000, or (ii) one or more Persons have the right to require the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company so to purchase or repay such indebtedness.

(7) Material Misrepresentation. Any representation or warranty made in writing by or on behalf of the Company in this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture or in any writing furnished to the Holders of the 2025 Bonds in connection with the 2025 Bonds proves to have been false or incorrect in any material respect on the date made.

Section 2.08. Withholding. By acceptance of any 2025 Bond, the Holder thereof agrees that such Holder will with reasonable promptness duly complete and deliver to the Company, or to such other Person as may be reasonably requested by the Company, from time to time (a) in the case of any such Holder that is a United States Person, such Holders United States tax identification number or other forms reasonably requested by the Company necessary to establish such Holders status as a United States Person under FATCA and as may otherwise be necessary for the Company to comply with its obligations under FATCA and (b) in the case of any such Holder that is not a United States Person, such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation as may be necessary for the Company to comply with its obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Holder has complied with such Holders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount (if any) to deduct and withhold or cause to be deducted and withheld from any such payment made to such Holder (and the Company agrees that under current FATCA regulations in place as of the date of this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture as originally executed, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, as well as a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Schedule 2.08 attached hereto, in both cases completed and executed, shall satisfy this requirement). Nothing in this Section 2.08 shall require any Holder to provide information that is confidential or proprietary to such Holder unless the Company is required to obtain such information under FATCA and, in such event, the Company shall treat any such information it receives as confidential. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, the Trustee or any Paying Agent shall be entitled to make a deduction or withholding from any payment which it makes under this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or charges if and to the extent so required by any applicable law and any current or future regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto or by virtue of the relevant Holder failing to satisfy any certification or other requirements in respect of the 2025 Bonds, in which event the Trustee or such Paying Agent shall make such payment after such withholding or deduction has been made and shall account to the relevant authorities for the amount so withheld or deducted and shall have no obligation to gross up any payment hereunder or pay any additional amount as a result of such withholding tax.

Section 2.09. Payment on Bonds.

(a) Place of Payment, etc. Subject to Section 2.09(b), payments of principal, Make-Whole Amount, if any, and interest due and payable on the 2025 Bonds shall be made in 

-20-

Saint Paul, Minnesota at the Corporate Trust Office of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association. Registration of transfer and exchange of the 2025 Bonds shall be effected, in accordance with Section 3.05 of the Indenture, in Saint Paul, Minnesota at the Corporate Trust Office of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association. Notice and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the 2025 Bonds and the Indenture, as supplemented and amended, may be served, in addition to the provisions of Section 1.08 of the Indenture, in Saint Paul, Minnesota at the Corporate Trust Office of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association. The Company may at any time, by notice to each Holder of a 2025 Bond, change the place of payment of the 2025 Bonds, place where registration or exchange may be effected and where such notices and demands shall be served so long as such place of payment shall be either the principal office of the Company in such jurisdiction or the principal corporate trust office of a bank or trust company in such city. U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association will be the Paying Agent and Security Registrar for the 2025 Bonds.

(b) Home Office Payment. With respect to all Holders of the 2025 Bonds on the date hereof and any Institutional Investor that subsequently becomes a Holder of a 2025 Bond and complies with the provisions of this Section 2.09(b), all sums becoming due on the 2025 Bonds for principal, Make-Whole Amount, if any, interest and all other amounts due hereunder to each Holder of a 2025 Bond shall be paid to each such Holder by the method and at the address of such Holder in the Security Register, without the presentation or surrender of such 2025 Bond or the making of any notation thereon, except that upon written request of the Company made concurrently with or reasonably promptly after payment or prepayment in full of any 2025 Bond, such Holder shall surrender such 2025 Bond for cancellation, reasonably promptly after any such request, to the Company at its principal executive office or at the place of payment most recently designated by the Company pursuant to Section 2.09(a). Prior to any sale, transfer or other disposition of any 2025 Bond held on the date hereof by a Holder or its nominee, such Holder will, at its election, either endorse thereon the amount of principal paid thereon and the last date to which interest has been paid thereon or surrender such 2025 Bond to the Company in exchange for a new 2025 Bond or 2025 Bonds pursuant to Section 3.05 of the Original Indenture. 

Section 2.10. Consent in Contemplation of Transfer. Any consent given pursuant to Section 14.02 of the Original Indenture by a Holder of a 2025 Bond that has transferred or has agreed to transfer its 2025 Bond to the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company or any Affiliate of the Company in connection with such consent shall be void and of no force or effect except solely as to such Holder, and any amendments effected or waivers granted or to be effected or granted that would not have been or would not be so effected or granted but for such consent (and the consents of all other Holders of 2025 Bonds that were acquired under the same or similar conditions) shall be void and of no force or effect except solely as to such Holder.

Section 2.11. Restrictions on Transfer. The 2025 Bonds and any related documents may be amended or supplemented from time to time by the Company without the consent of any Holder to modify the restrictions on and procedures for resales and other transfers of the 2025 Bonds to reflect any change in applicable law or regulation (or the interpretation thereof) or in practices relating to the resale or transfer of restricted securities generally. Holders of the 2025 Bonds are deemed by the acceptance of such 2025 Bonds to have agreed to any such amendment or supplement.

-21-

The Company shall issue a 2025 Bond that does not bear the Restrictive Legend in replacement of a 2025 Bond bearing the Restrictive Legend at the request of any Holder following such request if (i) the Holder shall have obtained an opinion of counsel reasonably acceptable to the Company in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company to the effect that the First Mortgage Bond may lawfully be disposed of without registration, qualification or legend pursuant to Rule 144, or (ii) the Holder sells or otherwise transfers the First Mortgage Bond pursuant to Rule 144 or an effective registration statement.

Section 2.12. Sinking Fund. The 2025 Bonds are not subject to any sinking fund.

Section 2.13. Calculations, etc. The Trustee may conclusively presume that no optional prepayment pursuant to Section 2.03, Change in Control or Bond Repurchase Event shall have occurred unless and until a Responsible Officer of the Trustee shall have received at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee a certificate executed by a Senior Financial Officer specifying the following:

1. in the case of an optional prepayment pursuant to Section 2.03, the name of each Holder to which such payments will be made, the amount of each such payment (including the applicable Make-Whole Amount and accrued interest), and the date of such payment and;

2. in the case of a Change in Control, the name of each Holder that accepts the related offer to prepay, the amount of each such payment (including accrued interest), and the date of such payment; and 

3. in the case of a Bond Repurchase Event, the name of each Holder to which the Bond Repurchase Amount is to be paid, the amount of such Bond Repurchase Amount payment and the Bond Repurchase Date.

The Trustee shall be under no duty to inquire into, may conclusively presume the correctness of, shall be fully protected in relying upon the Companys calculation of any optional prepayment amount, Change in Control repurchase payment or Bond Repurchase Amount, including interest and, if and to the extent applicable, any Make-Whole Amount, and shall have no responsibility for such calculation.

ARTICLE THREE

ISSUANCE OF THE 2025 BONDS

Section 3.01. Authentication. The 2025 Bonds in the aggregate principal amount of $140,000,000 may forthwith be executed by the Company and delivered to the Trustee and shall be authenticated and delivered by the Trustee (either before or after the filing or recording hereof) pursuant to and in accordance with a Company Order delivered pursuant to, and upon compliance by the Company with the other applicable provisions and requirements of, Article IV of the Original Indenture.

-22-

ARTICLE FOUR

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 4.01. Utility and Transmitting Utility. The Company is a utility as defined in Section 261.001(a) of the Texas Business and Commerce Code (the TBCC). The Company intends to subject the Original Indenture, as heretofore supplemented and amended and as supplemented by this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, to the requirements and benefits of Chapter 261 of the TBCC. The perfection of and notice provided by the Original Indenture, as heretofore supplemented and amended and as supplemented by this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, under Section 261.004 of the TBCC with respect to the interest in property granted as security thereunder shall be effective from its date of deposit for filing until and to the extent such interest in property is released by the filing of a termination statement or a release of such interest in property, in each case signed or authorized in writing by the Trustee, and no renewal, refiling or continuation statement shall be required to continue such effectiveness. The Company is also a transmitting utility as defined in Section 9.102 of the TBCC. The Original Indenture, as heretofore supplemented and amended and as supplemented by this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, shall remain effective as (a) a financing statement until a termination statement is filed, as provided in Section 9.515(f) of the TBCC, and (b) a financing statement filed as a fixture filing until the Original Indenture (as heretofore supplemented and amended and as supplemented by this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture) is released in full or satisfied of record or its effectiveness otherwise terminates as to the real property covered thereby, as provided in Section 9.515(g) of the TBCC.

Section 4.02. Ratification. The Indenture, as supplemented by this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed part of the Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein and therein provided. 

Section 4.03. Trustee. The Trustee hereby accepts the trust hereby declared and provided, and agrees to perform the same upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture, as supplemented by this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture or of the 2025 Bonds or the due execution hereof or thereof by the Company or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein or therein (except the Trustees certificate of authentication) or the statements contained in Section 4.01, all of which recitals and statements are made by the Company solely.

Section 4.04. Governing Law. This Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture and the 2025 Bonds shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York (including without limitation Section 5-1401 of the New York General Obligations Law or any successor to such statute), except to the extent that the Trust Indenture Act would be applicable were this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture qualified under the Trust Indenture Act and except to the extent that the law of any other jurisdiction shall mandatorily govern the creation, perfection, priority or enforcement of the Lien of the Indenture, as supplemented by this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture or the exercise of remedies with respect to the Mortgaged Property.

-23-

Section 4.05. Counterparts. The Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture referred to herein is an indenture supplemental to the Indenture. This Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture may be simultaneously executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original; but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

Section 4.06. USA PATRIOT Act. The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance with Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act, the Trustee, like all financial institutions and in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The parties to this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture agree that they shall provide the Trustee with such information as it may request in order for the Trustee to satisfy the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act.

Section 4.07. Notices to the Trustee. Notice is hereby given that the address of the Trustee for purposes of Section 1.08 of the Indenture is:

If to the Trustee, to:

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

111 Filmore Ave

Mail Code EP-MN-WS3C

Saint Paul, Minnesota 55107

Attention: Corporate Trust TNMP Admin

or such other address as the Trustee may from time to time designate pursuant to said Section 1.08.

-24-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY has caused this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture to be executed on its behalf and said U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee as aforesaid, in evidence of its acceptance of the trust hereby created, has caused this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture to be executed on its behalf, to be effective as of the date first written above.

TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY

By:________________________________ 

Name:______________________________ 

Title:_______________________________ 

Acknowledgment

STATE OF NEW MEXICO )

COUNTY OF BERNALILLO )

This instrument was acknowledged before me on this ____ day of _______, 2025, by ____, ____ of TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY, a Texas corporation, on behalf of said corporation.

____________________________________

Notary Public in and for the State of New Mexico

[Signature Page to Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture to 

First Mortgage Indenture of Texas-New Mexico Power Company]

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONALASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By:________________________________ 

Name:______________________________ 

Title:_______________________________ 

STATE OF MINNESOTA )

COUNTY OF RAMSEY )

Before me, the undersigned notary, on this day personally appeared ________________, known to me (or proved to me through __________________ (description of identity card or other document)) to be the person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same, in his/her capacity as _________________ ___________________ of U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, acting in its capacity as Trustee, for the purposes and consideration therein expressed.

Given under my hand and seal of office this ________ day of ____________, A.D., 2025.

Signature:_________________________________ (seal)

[Signature Page to Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture to 

First Mortgage Indenture of Texas-New Mexico Power Company]

SCHEDULE 2.08 TO THE TWENTY-THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

[FORM OF] 

U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Reference is hereby made to that certain First Mortgage Indenture dated as of March 23, 2009 (the Original Indenture), from Texas New-Mexico Power Company (the Company) to U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), as previously amended and supplemented by certain supplemental indentures including the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture (the Supplement, and the Original Indenture as supplemented and amended by such other supplemental indentures and the Supplement, the Indenture). Certain capitalized and other terms used in this Agreement are defined in the Indenture. 

The undersigned hereby certifies that:

(i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the 2025 Bonds in respect of which it is providing this certificate;

(ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code;

(iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code; and 

(iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Company as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.

The undersigned has furnished the Company with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E. 

[Purchaser Name]

By:________________________________ 

Name:______________________________ 

Title:_______________________________ 

Date: _____________ 

EXHIBIT A

[FORM OF 5.19% FIRST MORTGAGE BOND, DUE APRIL 1, 2031, SERIES 2025A]

THIS BOND HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM UNDER SUCH ACT, EXCEPT UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES WHERE NEITHER SUCHREGISTRATION NOR SUCH EXEMPTION IS REQUIRED BY LAW.

TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY

(Incorporated under the laws of the State of Texas)

5.19% First Mortgage Bond, due April 1, 2031, Series 2025A

No. [Date]

$[________] PPN: 882884 G@2

Texas-New Mexico Power Company, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Texas (hereinafter called the Company, which term shall include any Successor Corporation under the Indenture), for value received, hereby promises to pay to _____________________, or registered assigns, on April 1, 2031 (the Maturity), the principal sum of [___________ dollars ($________)] (or so much thereof as shall not have been prepaid), in any coin or currency of the United States of America which at the time of payment is legal tender for public and private debts, and to pay interest on said principal sum in like coin or currency from the date hereof, or from the most recent April 1 or October 1 to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, at the at the rate of five and 19/100th percent (5.19%) per annum (the Coupon Rate), payable semi-annually, on the first (1st) day of April and the first (1st) day of October in each year, commencing October 1, 2025 until Maturity, and at Maturity (each an Interest Payment Date). To the extent permitted by law, the Company shall pay interest on any overdue principal or Make-Whole Amount, if any, at the Default Rate (instead of the Coupon Rate), from the day such principal or Make-Whole Amount was due until paid or made available for payment and it shall pay interest on any overdue installments of interest at the Default Rate (instead of the Coupon Rate), from the applicable Interest Payment Date until such interest is paid or made available for payment. For purposes of the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture and this Security, the term interest shall be deemed to include interest provided for in the first and second immediately preceding sentences. If any Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day then payment of interest payable on such date will be made on the next succeeding Business Day (and no interest or other payment shall be payable in respect of any such delay, provided that any payment of principal of or Make-Whole Amount on this Security (including principal due upon Maturity) that is due on a date that is not a Business Day shall be due and payable on the next succeeding Business Day and shall include the additional days elapsed in the computation of interest payable at such next succeeding Business Day). Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of twelve (12) thirty (30)-day months. 

The interest so payable on any Interest Payment Date will, subject to certain exceptions provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such Interest Payment Date, which shall be the fifteenth (15th) day of the month in which such Interest Payment Date occurs; except that if the Company shall default in the payment of any interest due on such Interest Payment Date, such defaulted interest shall be paid to the Holder of this Security as of the close of business on a date selected by the Trustee (in accordance with Section 3.07 of the Indenture) (a Special Record Date), which Special Record Date shall not be more than fifteen (15) days or less than ten (10) days prior to the date proposed by the Company for payment of such defaulted interest.

Principal of, and Make-Whole Amount (if any) and interest on this Security are payable at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, in Saint Paul, Minnesota, as Paying Agent for the Company; provided however, that the Company may at any time, by notice to the Holder of this Security, change the place of payment so long as the place of payment shall be either the principal office of the Company in such city or the principal Corporate Trust Office of a bank or trust company in such city and further provided that if the Holder of this Security shall have specified by written notice to the Company an address and reasonable method for such payment pursuant to and in compliance with Section 2.09(b) of the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, the Company shall make such payment at the address and by the reasonable method set forth in such written notice.

This Security is subject to (1) prepayment at the option of the Company in whole at any time, or in part from time to time, (2) prepayment in whole at the option of the Holder hereof in connection with a Change in Control and (3) mandatory repurchase in whole upon the occurrence of a Bond Repurchase Event, in each case at the times, in the amounts and upon the terms specified in Sections 2.03, 2.06 and 2.07, respectively, of the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture. This Security is not otherwise subject to optional redemption.

The provisions of this Security are continued on the reverse hereof, and such continued provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place.

This Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or any indenture supplemental thereto, or be valid or obligatory for any purpose, unless U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, the Trustee under the Indenture, or a successor trustee thereto under the Indenture, shall have manually signed the certificate of authentication endorsed hereon.

A-2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY has caused the signature of its duly authorized officer to be hereto affixed.

Dated: ____________

TEXAS-NEW MEXICO POWER COMPANY

By:

Name:

Title:

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture, as supplemented and amended, including as supplemented by the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture.

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By:

Authorized Officer

A-3

[Form of Reverse of 

5.19% First Mortgage Bond, due April 1, 2031, Series 2025A]

This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of Securities of the Company (herein called the First Mortgage Bonds), unlimited in aggregate principal amount, of the series hereinafter specified, all issued and to be issued under and equally secured by an indenture, dated as of March 23, 2009, executed by the Company to U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (ultimate successor as trustee to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.), as Trustee (herein called the Trustee) (said indenture being herein called the Indenture), to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto (including the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture hereinafter referred to) reference is hereby made for a description of the properties mortgaged and pledged, the nature and extent of the security, the rights of the registered owners of the First Mortgage Bonds and of the Trustee in respect thereto, and the terms and conditions upon which the First Mortgage Bonds are, and are to be, secured, and for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the First Mortgage Bonds and of the terms upon which the First Mortgage Bonds are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. To the extent permitted by, and as provided in, the Indenture, modifications or alterations of the Indenture, or of any indenture supplemental thereto, and of the rights and obligations of the Company and of the Holders of the First Mortgage Bonds may be made, in certain cases without the consent of the Holders of the First Mortgage Bonds, as set forth in Section 14.01 of the Indenture, and otherwise with the consent of the Company by an affirmative vote of not less than a majority in amount of the First Mortgage Bonds entitled to vote then outstanding, at a meeting of Holders of the First Mortgage Bonds called and held as provided in the Indenture, or by an affirmative vote of not less than a majority in amount of the First Mortgage Bonds of any series entitled to vote then outstanding and affected by such modifications or alterations, in case one or more but less than all of the series of First Mortgage Bonds then outstanding under the Indenture are so affected; provided, however, that no such modifications or alterations shall be made which will affect the terms of payment of the principal of, or interest on, this Security, which are unconditional. The First Mortgage Bonds may be issued in series, for various principal sums, may mature at different times, may bear interest at different rates and may otherwise vary as provided in the Indenture. This Security is one of a series designated as 5.19% First Mortgage Bonds, due April 1, 2031, Series 2025A of the Company, issued under and secured by the Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto and described in an indenture supplemental thereto (herein called the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture), dated as of February 14, 2025, executed by the Company to the Trustee.

The Company, at its option, may redeem all, or from time to time, any part of the First Mortgage Bonds of this series on not less than ten (10) days nor more than sixty (60) days notice by first-class mail, postage prepaid as provided in the Indenture at a Redemption Price equal to the sum of the principal amount so prepaid plus the Make-Whole Amount as defined in the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture and upon the other terms and conditions therein and in the Indenture provided. 

The Trustee shall be under no duty to inquire into, may conclusively presume the correctness of, shall be fully protected in relying upon the Companys calculation of any optional 

A-4

prepayment amount, Change in Control repurchase payment or Bond Repurchase Amount, including interest and, if and to the extent applicable, any Make-Whole Amount, and shall have no responsibility for such calculation.

In the event of prepayment of the First Mortgage Bonds of this series in part only, a new Security of First Mortgage Bonds of this series and of like tenor for the non-prepaid portion hereof will be issued in the name of the Holder hereof upon the cancellation hereof. 

The Indenture contains provisions for satisfaction and discharge of the entire indebtedness of the First Mortgage Bonds of this series.

In case an Event of Default shall occur, the principal of all the First Mortgage Bonds at any such time Outstanding under the Indenture may be declared or may become due and payable, upon the conditions and in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. The Indenture provides that such declaration may in certain events be waived by the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the First Mortgage Bonds outstanding. In the event of any declaration of acceleration of the maturity of the First Mortgage Bonds, the amount due and payable on this Security (and for all outstanding First Mortgage Bonds of this series) shall consist of the unpaid principal and accrued and unpaid interest thereon plus the Make-Whole Amount (as defined in Section 2.05 of the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture), which Make-Whole Amount shall be determined as of the date of such declaration. 

No recourse shall be had for the payment of the principal of, or Make-Whole Amount, if any, or the interest on, this Security, or for any claim based hereon or on the Indenture or any indenture supplemental thereto, against any incorporator, or against any stockholder, director or officer, past, present or future, of the Company, as such, or of any predecessor or successor corporation, either directly or through the Company or any such predecessor or successor corporation, whether for amounts unpaid on stock subscriptions or by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law, or by the enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise, all such liability, whether at common law, in equity, by any constitution, statute or otherwise, of incorporators, stockholders, directors or officers being released by every owner hereof by the acceptance of this First Mortgage Bond and as part of the consideration for the issue hereof, and being likewise released by the terms of the Indenture.

This Security is transferable by the registered owner hereof, in person or by duly authorized attorney, on the books of the Company to be kept for that purpose as provided for in the Indenture upon surrender and cancellation of this Security and on presentation of a duly executed written instrument of transfer, and thereupon a new Security of the same series of First Mortgage Bonds, of the same aggregate principal amount and in authorized denominations will be issued to the transferee or transferees in exchange therefor; and this Security, with or without others of like series, may in like manner be exchanged for one or more new First Mortgage Bonds of the same series of other authorized denominations but of the same aggregate principal amount; all upon payment of the charges and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture.

This Security shall be subject to certain restrictions on transfer as set forth in the Indenture and the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture.

A-5

This Security shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York (including without limitation Section 5-1401 of the New York General Obligations Law or any successor to such statute), except to the extent that the Trust Indenture Act would be applicable were the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture qualified under the Trust Indenture Act and except to the extent that the law of any other jurisdiction shall mandatorily govern the creation, perfection, priority or enforcement of the Lien of the Indenture, as supplemented and amended by all indentures supplemental thereto (including the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture), or the exercise of remedies with respect to the Mortgaged Property.

All capitalized terms used but not defined in this Security shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture or the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, as applicable.

A-6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>pnm-20250214.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>pnm-20250214_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>pnm-20250214_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entities [Table] 
Entities [Table] 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Cover page. 
Cover [Abstract] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 
Legal Entity [Axis] 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Entity [Domain] 
Entity [Domain] 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Information [Line Items] 
Entity Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Texas-New Mexico Power Company 
Texas-New Mexico Power Company [Member] 
Texas-New Mexico Power Company [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>pnm-20250214_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover Page

Feb. 14, 2025

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 14, 2025

Entity File Number 001-32462

Entity Registrant Name TXNM Energy, Inc.

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-0468296

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NM

Entity Address, Address Line One 414 Silver Ave. SW

Entity Address, City or Town Albuquerque

Entity Address, State or Province NM

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 87102-3289

City Area Code 505

Local Phone Number 241-2700

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, no par value

Trading Symbol TXNM

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001108426

Amendment Flag false

Texas-New Mexico Power Company 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity File Number 002-97230

Entity Registrant Name Texas-New Mexico Power Company

Entity Tax Identification Number 75-0204070

Entity Address, Address Line One 577 N. Garden Ridge Blvd.

Entity Address, City or Town Lewisville

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75067

City Area Code 972

Local Phone Number 420-4189

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: dei_LegalEntityAxis=pnm_TexasNewMexicoPowerCompanyMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
2 
22 
1 
false 
1 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://www.pnmresources.com/role/CoverPage 
Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

pnm-20250214.htm 
pnm-20250214.xsd 
pnm-20250214_def.xml 
pnm-20250214_lab.xml 
pnm-20250214_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001108426-25-000004-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>pnm-20250214_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001108426 

2025-02-14 
2025-02-14 

0001108426 

pnm:TexasNewMexicoPowerCompanyMember 

2025-02-14 
2025-02-14 

0001108426 
false 
8-K 
2025-02-14 
TXNM Energy, Inc. 
NM 
414 Silver Ave. SW 
Albuquerque 
NM 
87102-3289 
505 
241-2700 
001-32462 
85-0468296 
Texas-New Mexico Power Company 
577 N. Garden Ridge Blvd. 
Lewisville 
TX 
75067 
972 
420-4189 
002-97230 
75-0204070 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, no par value 
TXNM 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>