<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-066329.txt : 20250328
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-066329.hdr.sgml : 20250328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250328083433
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-066329
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250326
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Triggering Events That Accelerate or Increase a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Altair Engineering Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001701732
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				382591828
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38263
		FILM NUMBER:		25781599

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1820 E. BIG BEAVER ROAD
		CITY:			TROY
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48083
		BUSINESS PHONE:		248-614-2400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1820 E. BIG BEAVER ROAD
		CITY:			TROY
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48083

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Altair Engineering Ing.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170322
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d869190d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0001701732--12-3100017017322025-03-262025-03-26

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 26, 2025

Altair Engineering Inc.

(Exact Name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38263 38-2591828

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

1820 E. Big Beaver Road

Troy, Michigan 

48083

(Zip Code)

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (248)614-2400

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Class A Common Stock $0.0001 par value per share ALTR The NASDAQ Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note 

As previously disclosed, on October 30, 2024, Altair Engineering Inc., a Delaware corporation (Altair or the Company), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 30, 2024 (the Merger Agreement), among the Company, Siemens Industry Software Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent) and Astra Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (MergerSub). On March 26, 2025 (the Closing Date), Merger Sub merged with and into the Company (the Merger), on the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, with the Company surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the Surviving Corporation). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Merger Agreement. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. 

On the Closing Date, the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association, as trustee (the Trustee), entered into the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of the Closing Date (the First Supplemental Indenture), to the Indenture, dated as of June 14, 2022, between the Company and the Trustee (the OriginalIndenture and, together with the First Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture), relating to the Companys 1.750% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes). As of the Closing Date, $230 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes were outstanding. 

The consummation of the Merger constitutes a Share Exchange Event, a Fundamental Change and a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (each as defined in the Indenture) under the Indenture. The effective date of this Share Exchange Event, Fundamental Change and Make-Whole Fundamental Change in respect of the Notes is March 26, 2025, which is the Closing Date. 

As a result of the Share Exchange Event and Make-Whole Fundamental Change referenced above, and pursuant to the Indenture, the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes, (i) to the extent that it refers to a conversion from and after the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time) that is effected in connection with the Merger during the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period (as determined in accordance with the Indenture), has become the right to convert such principal amount of Notes into an amount in cash equal to $1,618.7928 ($113.00 multiplied by the sum of (A) 13.9505 plus (B) the conversion rate adjustment determined in accordance with the Indenture, which is .3751) and (ii) to the extent that it refers to a conversion from and after the Effective Time that is not effected in connection with the Merger and is outside of the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period (as determined in accordance with the Indenture), has become the right to convert such principal amount of Notes into an amount in cash equal to $1,576.4065 ($113.00 multiplied by 13.9505). 

As a result of the Fundamental Change referenced above, each holder of the Notes will have the right to require the Company to repurchase for cash all of such holders Notes pursuant to the terms and procedures set forth in the Indenture at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (as defined in the Indenture). 

The foregoing description of the Indenture and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Indenture. A copy of the Original Indenture was filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on June 15, 2022. A copy of the First Supplemental Indenture is filed as Exhibit 4.1 hereto. The Original Indenture and the First Supplemental Indenture are incorporated herein by reference. This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute an offer to tender for, or purchase, or a solicitation of an offer to tender for, or purchase, any of the Notes or any other security. 

Item 1.02. 

Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement. 

The Information set forth in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.02. 

In connection with the consummation of the Merger, on the Closing Date, the Company terminated the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2017, among the Company, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (as initially executed, the Initial Credit Agreement and amended from time to time, the Credit Agreement) and retained one outstanding unsecured letter of credit. All commitments and guarantees under the Credit Agreement, along with all security interests and liens granted to the lenders under the Credit Agreement were terminated, effective as of the Closing Date. Other than such letter of credit, there were no loans outstanding under the Credit Agreement. 

A copy of the Initial Credit Agreement was filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed by the Company with the SEC on October 19, 2017 and is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the First Amendment to the Initial Credit Agreement was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on November 5, 2018 and is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the Second Amendment to the Initial Credit Agreement was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on June 6, 2019 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.01. 

Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Item 3.03, Item 5.01, Item 5.02 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01. 

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, each share of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (collectively, the Class A Common Shares), and each share of the Companys Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (collectively, the Class B Common Shares and, together with the Class A Common Shares, the Common Shares) (including any Common Shares to the extent issued in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement and the Indenture, but excluding Common Shares held by the Company as treasury shares or held by Parent, Merger Sub or any other subsidiary of Parent immediately prior to the Effective Time) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time were converted into the right to receive $113.00 in cash, without interest (the Merger Consideration). 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at or immediately prior to the Effective Time: 

Each stock option of the Company that had a per share exercise price less than the Merger Consideration and that was (i) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and (ii)(A) vested and exercisable at the Effective Time (after taking into consideration any accelerated vesting that occurred under the terms of such option in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement) or (B) would by its terms have become vested and exercisable no later than December 31, 2025, assuming the holders continued employment or service through the applicable vesting date (each, a Vested Company Option), and each option of the Company held by a nonemployee director, whether or not vested, that had a per share exercise price less than the Merger Consideration (each, a Director Option), vested (to the extent unvested) and was canceled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash (without interest) equal to (x) the number of Class A Common Shares subject to such Vested Company Option or Director Option immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by (y) the excess of the Merger Consideration over the per share exercise price applicable to such Vested Company Option or Director Option, less any applicable withholding Taxes; 

Each stock option of the Company, other than a Director Option, that had a per share exercise price less than the Merger Consideration, that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and that was eligible to vest by its terms on or after January 1, 2026 (each, an Unvested Company Option) was canceled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to (x) the number of Class A Common Shares subject to such Unvested Company Option immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by (y) the excess of the Merger Consideration over the per share exercise price applicable to such Unvested Company Option, which cash award will continue to vest (subject to full acceleration upon a termination without cause (as determined by the Surviving Corporation) or for good reason (to the extent such holder has an agreement or participates in a company plan that provides for severance benefits upon a resignation for good reason, and as defined in such agreement or company plan) (if applicable)) following the Effective Time and will be paid by the Surviving Corporation following the Effective Time as soon as practicable following the last day of the calendar quarter 

preceding the quarter in which such Unvested Company Option would have otherwise vested in accordance with the vesting schedule in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time (but in any event no later than the next regularly scheduled payroll run of the Surviving Corporation or its applicable Subsidiary that is at least 10 business days following the applicable vesting date), less any applicable withholding Taxes; 

Each stock option of the Company that had a per share exercise price that was equal to or greater than the Merger Consideration (if any) was canceled without payment; 

Each vested restricted stock unit of the Company that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and was either (i) vested at the Effective Time (after taking into consideration any accelerated vesting that occurred under the existing terms of such Company restricted stock unit in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement) or (ii) would by its terms have become vested no later than December 31, 2025, assuming the holders continued employment or service through such applicable vesting date (each, a Vested Company RSU), and each restricted stock unit of the Company held by a nonemployee director, whether or not vested (each, a Director RSU), vested and was canceled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to (x) the number of Class A Common Shares subject to such Vested Company RSU or Director RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by (y) the Merger Consideration, less any applicable withholding Taxes; and 

Each unvested restricted stock unit of the Company, other than a Director RSU, that was issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time and that was eligible to vest by its terms on or after January 1, 2026 (each, an Unvested Company RSU) was canceled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to (x) the number of Class A Common Shares subject to such Unvested Company RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by (y) the Merger Consideration, which cash award will continue to vest (subject to full acceleration upon a termination without cause (as determined by the Surviving Corporation) or for good reason (to the extent such holder has an agreement or participates in a company plan that provides for severance benefits upon a resignation for good reason, and as defined in such agreement or company plan) (if applicable)) following the Effective Time, and will be paid by the Surviving Corporation following the Effective Time as soon as practicable following the last day of the calendar quarter preceding the quarter in which such Unvested Company RSU would have otherwise vested in accordance with the vesting schedule in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time (but in any event no later than the next regularly scheduled payroll run of the Company or Surviving Corporation that is at least 10 business days following the applicable vesting date), less any applicable withholding Taxes. 

The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger, does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.04. 

Triggering Events that Accelerate or Increase a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.04. 

Item 3.01. 

Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Item 2.01 and Item 3.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.01. 

In connection with the consummation of the Merger, Altair requested that the NASDAQ Global Select Market (Nasdaq) suspend trading of Class A Common Shares on Nasdaq and remove such Class A Common Shares from 

listing on Nasdaq, in each case, at the close of the market on March 26, 2025. Altair also requested that Nasdaq file a notification of removal from listing and deregistration of the Class A Common Shares on Form 25 with the SEC. 

After the Form 25 becomes effective, Altair intends to file with the SEC a Form 15 to request deregistration of the Class A Common Shares under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) and suspension of Altairs reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 3.03. 

Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Item 1.01, Item 2.01, Item 3.01, Item 5.01, Item 5.02 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03. 

At the Effective Time, each holder of Common Shares (except as described in Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K) prior to the Effective Time ceased to have any rights as a stockholder of Altair other than the right to receive the Merger Consideration pursuant to the Merger Agreement. 

The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger, does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement. 

Item 5.01. 

Changes in Control of Registrant. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Item 2.01, Item 3.01, Item 3.03, Item 5.02 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01. 

As a result of the Merger, a change in control of Altair occurred, and Altair is now a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. The total amount of consideration paid to Altairs stockholders by Parent in connection with the Merger was approximately $9.7 billion and was fully cash-financed from Parents existing resources. 

Item 5.02. 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.02. 

In connection with the Merger and pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, as of the Effective Time, the directors of Merger Sub became the directors of the Surviving Corporation and the persons who served as the directors of Altair immediately prior to the Effective Time (the departing directors) ceased to serve as such as of the Effective Time. The positions on the committees of Altairs Board of Directors held by the departing directors are as set forth in the section titled Corporate Governance Matters of Altairs proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on April 5, 2024, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

In connection with the consummation of the Merger, James R. Scapa, Matthew Brown and Stephanie Buckner ceased to serve as the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, respectively, of the Surviving Corporation. 

Immediately after the consummation of the Merger, Anthony L. Hemmelgarn and Timo Nentwich have been appointed as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of the Surviving Corporation. 

Item 5.03. 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Item 2.01, Item 3.03, Item 5.01 and Item 5.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03. 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation was amended and restated and, as so amended and restated, shall be the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until further amended in accordance with its terms and applicable law. In addition, the bylaws of Merger Sub in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time became the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation (except that references to the name of Merger Sub were replaced by references to the name of the Surviving Corporation) until thereafter amended in accordance with their terms and applicable law. Copies of the Surviving Corporations amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws are attached as Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 3.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

Number 

Description

2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 30, 2024, among Altair Engineering Inc., Siemens Industry Software Inc. and Astra Merger Sub Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38263) filed by Altair Engineering Inc. on October 30, 2024).* 

3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Altair Engineering Inc., dated as of March 26, 2025. 

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Altair Engineering Inc., dated as of March 26, 2025. 

4.1 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 26, 2025, between Altair Engineering Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

* 

Schedules and similar attachments have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule or similar attachment will be furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 28, 2025 

ALTAIR ENGINEERING INC.

By: 

/s/ Anthony L. Hemmelgarn

Name: Anthony L. Hemmelgarn

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d869190dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

ALTAIR ENGINEERING
INC. 

ARTICLE I 

The name of the Corporation is Altair Engineering Inc. (the Corporation). 

ARTICLE II 

The address
of the Corporations registered office in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware, 19801. The name of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company. 

ARTICLE III 

The nature
of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL), as it now exists or
may hereafter be amended and supplemented. 

ARTICLE IV 

The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation has authority to issue is one thousand (1,000) shares of Common Stock, par value one
cent ($0.01) per share. 

ARTICLE V 

The Corporation is to have perpetual existence. 

ARTICLE VI 

In
furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board) is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation (the
Bylaws), without any action on the part of the stockholders, but the stockholders may make additional Bylaws and may alter, amend or repeal any Bylaw whether adopted by them or otherwise. The Corporation may in its Bylaws confer
powers upon its Board in addition to the foregoing and in addition to the powers and authorities expressly conferred upon the Board by applicable law. 

ARTICLE VII 

Meetings of
stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the Bylaws may provide. The books of the Corporation may be kept outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to time by the Board or in the
Bylaws. Election of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws so provide. 

ARTICLE VIII 

To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended from time to time, a director of the
Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or otherwise. If the DGCL is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the
personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as so amended. 

Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article VIII, nor the adoption of any provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation inconsistent with this Article VIII, shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article VIII in respect of any matter occurring, or any cause of action, suit or proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this Article VIII, would
accrue or arise, prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision. 

ARTICLE IX 

Subject to any provisions in the Bylaws related to indemnification of directors, officers or agents of the Corporation, the Corporation shall
indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any director, officer or agent of the Corporation who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether
civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a Proceeding) by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a
director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and
amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such Proceeding; provided, however, that the Corporation be required to indemnify a person in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) initiated
by such person only if such Proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board. 

The Corporation shall have the power to indemnify,
to the extent permitted by the DGCL, as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended from time to time, any employee or agent of the Corporation who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding by reason of the fact
that he or she is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such
Proceeding. 

A right to indemnification or to advancement of expenses arising under a provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation or the Bylaws shall not be eliminated or impaired by an amendment to this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws after the occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of the civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding for which indemnification or advancement of expenses is sought, unless the provision in effect at the time of such act or omission explicitly authorizes such elimination or impairment after
such action or omission has occurred. 

ARTICLE X 

The Corporation expressly elects not to be governed by 203 of the DGCL. 

ARTICLE XI 

The
Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation in the manner now or hereafter prescribed herein and by the laws of the State of Delaware, and all
rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation. 

* * * * *
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d869190dex32.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 

BYLAWS 

OF 

ALTAIR ENGINEERING INC. 

ARTICLE I 

Offices

Section 1.01Registered Office. The registered office of the Corporation shall be
established and maintained at the office of The Corporation Trust Company, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware, 19801, and said corporation shall be the Registered Agent of this Corporation in charge thereof. 

Section 1.02Other Offices. The Corporation may have other offices, either within or
without the State of Delaware, at such place or places as the Board of Directors may from time to time appoint or the business of the Corporation may require. 

ARTICLE II 

Meetings of Stockholders 

Section 2.01Annual Meetings. Unless directors are elected by written consent in lieu of
an annual meeting, an annual meeting of stockholders shall be held for the election of directors and for such other business as may be stated in the notice of the meeting. Such meeting shall be held at such place, either within or without the State
of Delaware, and at such time and date as the Board of Directors, by resolution, shall determine and as set forth in the notice of the meeting. At each annual meeting, the stockholders entitled to vote shall elect a Board of Directors, and they may
transact such other corporate business as shall be stated in the notice of the meeting. 

Section 2.02Special Meetings. Meetings of stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be held at such time and place, within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be stated in the notice of the meeting. Special meetings of the
stockholders may be called by the Chairman, the Senior Officer (as hereinafter defined) or the Secretary, or by resolution of the directors. 

Section 2.03Voting. Each stockholder entitled to vote in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of
Incorporation and in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws shall be entitled to one vote, in person or by proxy, for each share of stock entitled to vote held by such stockholder, but no proxy shall be voted after three years from its date
unless such proxy provides for a longer period. Upon the demand of any stockholder, the vote for directors and the vote upon any question before the meeting shall be by written ballot. All elections for directors and all other questions shall be
decided by majority vote except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation or the laws of the State of Delaware. 

A
complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, with the address of each, and the number of shares held by each, shall be open to examination by any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the
meeting, during ordinary business hours for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting at the principal business office of the Corporation. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time
thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. 

1 

Section 2.04Quorum. Except as otherwise required by law or
by the Certificate of Incorporation, the presence, in person or by proxy, of stockholders holding a majority of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders. In case a quorum shall not
be present at any meeting, a majority in interest of the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until
the requisite amount of stock entitled to vote shall be present. At any such adjourned meeting at which the requisite amount of stock entitled to vote shall be represented, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the
meeting as originally noticed; but only those stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting as originally noticed shall be entitled to vote at any adjournment or adjournments thereof. If the adjournment is for more than thirty days, or if after the
adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. 

Section 2.05Notice of Meetings. Written notice, stating the place,
date and time of the meeting, and the general nature of the business to be considered, shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote thereat at his or her address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, not less than ten nor more than
sixty days before the date of the meeting. No business other than that stated in the notice shall be transacted at any meeting without the unanimous consent of all the stockholders entitled to vote thereat. 

Section 2.06Action Without Meeting. Except as otherwise provided by
the Certificate of Incorporation, whenever the vote of stockholders at a meeting thereof is required or permitted to be taken in connection with any corporate action by any provisions of statute, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these Bylaws,
the meeting and vote of stockholders may be dispensed with, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to
authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. Prompt notice of the taking of corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those
stockholders who have not consented in writing. 

ARTICLE III 

Directors 

Section 3.01Number and Term. The number of directors which shall
constitute the entire Board of Directors of this Corporation shall be not less than two; the exact number shall be determined by resolution of the directors or the stockholders. Unless directors are elected by written consent in lieu of an annual
meeting, the Board of Directors shall be elected at each annual meeting of the stockholders. Each director shall hold office until his or her successor shall be elected and shall qualify or until such directors earlier resignation or removal.
Directors need not be stockholders. 

2 

Section 3.02Resignations. Any director or member of a
committee may resign at any time. Such resignation shall be made in writing, and shall take effect at the time specified therein, and if no time be specified, at the time of its receipt by the Senior Officer or by the Secretary. The acceptance of a
resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 

Section 3.03Vacancies. If the office of any
director or member of a committee becomes vacant, for any reason, the remaining directors in office, though less than a quorum, by a majority vote, or a sole remaining director, may appoint any qualified person to fill such vacancy, who shall hold
office for the unexpired term and until such directors successor shall be elected and shall qualify or until such directors earlier resignation or removal. 

Section 3.04Removal. Any director may be removed either for or without cause at any time by the affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority of all the shares of stock outstanding and entitled to vote, at a special meeting of the stockholders called for the purpose, and the vacancies thus created may be filled at such meeting by the affirmative vote of a
majority in interest of the stockholders entitled to vote. 

Section 3.05Increase of Number. The number of directors may be increased by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors at any duly constituted Board Meeting or by the affirmative vote of a majority in
interest of the stockholders at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders or at a Special Meeting of Stockholders called for that purpose, and by like vote the additional directors may be elected at such meetings to hold office until the election and
qualification of their successors or until their earlier resignation or removal . 

Section 3.06Powers.
The Board of Directors shall exercise all of the powers of the Corporation except such as are by law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these Bylaws conferred upon or reserved to the stockholders. 

Section 3.07Committees. The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board,
designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of two or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at
any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of any member of any such committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum,
may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution designating such committee, shall have and
may exercise all of the powers of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation; provided, however, that no such committee shall have power or authority in reference to amending the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Corporation, adopting an agreement of merger or consolidation, recommending to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the Corporations property and assets, recommending to the
stockholders a dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation of a dissolution, or amending these Bylaws; and, unless the resolution expressly so provides, no such committee shall have the power or authority to declare a dividend or to authorize the
issuance of stock. Such committee or committees shall have such name or names as may be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to
the Board of Directors when required. 

3 

Section 3.08Meetings. Unless directors were elected by
written consent in lieu of an annual meeting, the newly elected directors shall hold their first meeting for the purpose of organization and the transaction of business, if a quorum be present, immediately after the annual meeting of the
stockholders; or the time and place of such meeting may be fixed by consent in writing of all the directors. This meeting (or Board action by consent in lieu of a meeting) shall be called the Annual Meeting of the Board. At each annual meeting, the
Board shall elect a slate of officers, Board Committees, if any, and they may transact such other corporate business as shall be stated in the notice of the meeting. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice if the time
and place of such meetings are fixed by the Board of Directors. Special Meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman, the President, or the Secretary, or on the written request of any two directors on at least two days
notice to each director and shall be held at such place or places as may be determined by the directors, or as shall be stated in the call of the meeting. 

Section 3.09Quorum and Manner of Action. A majority of the directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If at any meeting of the Board there shall be less
than a quorum present, a majority of those present may adjourn the meeting from time to time until a quorum is obtained, and no further notice thereof need be given other than by announcement at the meeting which shall be so adjourned. Action by the
Board shall be effective when taken by majority vote of those present at a meeting at which a quorum is present, unless otherwise required by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation, or by these Bylaws. 

Section 3.10Compensation. Directors shall not receive any stated salary for their services as directors or
as members of committees, but by resolution of the Board a fixed fee and expenses of attendance may be allowed for attendance at each meeting. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any
other capacity, as an officer, agent or otherwise, and receiving compensation therefor. 

Section 3.11Attendance at Meetings by Electronic Means. Members of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof may participate in any regular or special
meeting of the Board or such committee by means of conference telephone, videoconferencing or similar communications equipment which allows all persons participating in the meeting to hear each other at the same time. Participation by a director by
such electronic means shall constitute presence in person at any such meeting of the Board or committee. 

Section 3.12Action Without Meeting. Any action required or permitted
to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board of Directors or such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, or by electronic
transmission and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors, or such committee. 

4 

ARTICLE IV 

Officers 

Section 4.01Officers. The officers of the Corporation shall include the following: (a) one or more of
the following positions: (1) a Chairman, (2) a Chief Executive Officer and (3) a President, (b) a Treasurer and/or a Chief Financial Officer, and (c) a Secretary, all of whom shall be elected by the Board of Directors and
who shall hold office until their successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal. In addition, the Board of Directors may elect one or more Vice Presidents, a Controller, and such Assistant Secretaries, Assistant
Treasurers and Assistant Controllers as they may deem proper. None of the officers of the Corporation other than the Chairman need be directors. More than one office may be held by the same person, except the offices of (i) Chief Executive
Officer and/or President and (ii) Secretary. 

Section 4.02Resignation, Removal.
Any officer may resign at any time. Such resignation shall be made in writing, and shall take effect at the time specified therein, and if no time be specified, at the time of its receipt by the Chairman, the Senior Officer or the Secretary. The
acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any officer may be removed, for or without cause, at any time, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors. Any vacancy occurring in any office shall be
filled for the unexpired portion of the term by the Board of Directors. 

Section 4.03Chairman of the Board. The Chairman of the Board (the Chairman), if one shall be elected, shall preside, when present, at any meeting of (i) the Board of Directors or
(ii) the stockholders. The Chairman shall act in a general advisory capacity to the Senior Officer, and, in the absence or disability of such Senior Officer, he or she may take upon the exercise of all of the powers and responsibilities of that
officer. The Chairman shall have such further powers and duties as may be conferred upon him or her by the Board of Directors or contemplated by the Section of these Bylaws entitled Vice Presidents. 

Section 4.04Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer, if one shall be elected, shall be the
senior officer of the Corporation (Senior Officer) and shall, under the direction of the Board of Directors, have responsibility for the general direction of the business, policies and affairs of the Corporation. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the Chief Executive Officer shall, in the absence or disability of the Chairman of the Board, or if one shall not have been elected, preside at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors, and shall
see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors are carried into effect. In addition, subject to the Joint Representation requirement set forth in Section 4.15 of these Bylaws, the Chief Executive Officer shall have the power to
sign all contracts, powers of attorney and other instruments on behalf of the Corporation and to execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts of the Corporation, except where required by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except where the
signing and execution thereof shall be expressly and exclusively delegated by the Board of Directors to some other officer or officers of the Corporation. 

Section 4.05President. Subject to such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the Board of Directors to the Chairman or
the Chief Executive Officer, the President, if one shall be elected (and in the absence of a Chief Executive Officer in office), shall be the Senior Officer and shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have the general powers and
duties of management usually vested in the 

5 

office of president of a corporation and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws. In the absence or disability of the Chief
Executive Officer, or if one shall not have been elected, the President shall perform all the duties of the Chief Executive Officer and when so acting shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the Chief Executive
Officer. In addition, subject to the Joint Representation requirement set forth in Section 4.15 of these Bylaws, the President shall have the power to sign all contracts, powers of attorney and other instruments on behalf of the Corporation and
to execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts, except where required by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly and exclusively delegated by the Board of Directors to some other
officer or officers of the Corporation. 

Section 4.06Chief Financial Officer. The Chief Financial
Officer, if one shall be elected, shall have overall supervision of the financial operations of the Corporation subject to the control of the Board of Directors. The Chief Financial Officer shall have such other general powers and duties usually
vested in the office of chief financial officer of a corporation and shall have such additional or modified powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws. 

Section 4.07Vice Presidents. Each Vice President (of any rank, e.g., Executive Vice
President, Senior Vice President, Vice President, etc.), if any shall be elected or appointed, shall have such powers and responsibilities as may from time to time be prescribed in writing by the Board of Directors or by the Senior Officer. In the
absence or disability of the Senior Officer and provided that the Chairman has not taken upon himself or herself the powers and responsibilities as interim Senior Officer (pursuant to Section 4.03 of these Bylaws), the duties of the Senior
Officer shall be performed by, and his or her powers may be exercised by, such Vice President as shall be designated in writing by such Senior Officer or, failing such designation, the Chairman, if any, may appoint either himself or herself or
another officer of the Corporation as the interim Senior Officer to exercise all powers and responsibilities of such position; subject in any case to review and superseding action by the Board of Directors. 

Section 4.08Secretary. The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the Board of Directors and the
stockholders and shall record all votes and the minutes of all proceedings in a book to be kept for that purpose and shall, when requested, perform like duties for all committees of the Board of Directors. The Secretary shall attend to the giving of
notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors and committees thereof. The Secretary shall have custody of the corporate seal, if one exists, and shall have authority to affix the same to any instrument
and, when so affixed, it shall be attested by his or her signature. The Secretary shall keep and account for all books, documents, papers and records of the Corporation, except those for which some other officer or agent is properly accountable, and
shall have authority to execute certificates with respect to the contents thereof. The Secretary shall have authority to sign stock certificates, and shall generally perform all the duties appertaining to the office of secretary of a corporation. In
addition, any Assistant Secretary may perform the duties of the Secretary. 

Section 4.09Treasurer. The
Treasurer, if one shall be elected, shall have the care and custody of all the funds of the Corporation and shall deposit the same in such banks or other depositories as the Board of Directors, or any other officer or officers, or any officer and
agent jointly, duly authorized by the Board of Directors, shall, from time to time, direct or approve. The Treasurer shall keep a full and accurate account of all moneys received and paid on account of the Corporation, and shall render a statement
of his accounts whenever the Board of Directors shall require. The Treasurer shall perform all 

6 

other necessary acts and duties in connection with the administration of the financial affairs of the Corporation, and shall generally perform all the duties usually appertaining to the office of
treasurer of a corporation. When required by the Board of Directors, the Treasurer shall give bonds for the faithful discharge of his or her duties in such sums and with such sureties as the Board of Directors shall approve. In addition, any
Assistant Treasurer may perform the duties of the Treasurer. 

Section 4.10Controller. The Controller, if
one shall be elected, shall be the chief accounting officer of the Corporation, and shall have active control of and shall be responsible for all matters pertaining to the accounts of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. The Controller shall
supervise the auditing of all payrolls and vouchers of the Corporation and its subsidiaries and shall direct the manner of certifying the same; the Controller shall supervise the manner of keeping all vouchers for payments by the Corporation and its
subsidiaries and all other documents relating to such payments; the Controller shall receive, audit and consolidate all operating and financial statements of the Corporation, its various departments, divisions and subsidiaries; the Controller shall
supervise the books of account of the Corporation and its subsidiaries, their arrangement and classification; and the Controller shall supervise the accounting and auditing practices of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. In addition, any
Assistant Controller may perform the duties of the Controller. 

Section 4.11Assistant Secretaries, Assistant Treasurers,and Assistant Controllers. Assistant Secretaries, Assistant Treasurers, and Assistant
Controllers, if any shall be elected, shall have such powers and responsibilities as shall be prescribed by the Board of Directors, and to the extent not inconsistent with the foregoing, by the officer of the Corporation to which such person reports
(e.g., by the Treasurer with respect to an Assistant Treasurer). 

Section 4.12Other Officers and Agents. The Board of Directors may elect such other officers and agents as it may deem advisable, who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such
powers and responsibilities as shall be prescribed in writing from time to time by the Board of Directors and, to the extent not inconsistent with the foregoing, by the Senior Officer. 

Section 4.13Appointment of Officers. Notwithstanding anything contained in these Bylaws to the contrary, the
Senior Officer shall have the authority to unilaterally appoint any person to hold any office contemplated by Article IV of these Bylaws, other than the offices of Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer or Secretary.
All such appointed officers shall have such powers and responsibilities applicable to such positions described in these Bylaws. If no Controller has been elected by the Board of Directors, such Senior Officer may also appoint the Controller. 

Section 4.14Chain of Command. By virtue of its place in the Siemens AG group of affiliated companies
(collectively, Siemens), the Corporation has a fundamental interest in assuring well-functioning cooperation within Siemens. From time to time, as a prerequisite of such cooperation, Siemens AG and certain of its authorized affiliates
may take actions to promulgate certain policies, procedures, guidelines, circulars, reporting obligations and other matters (collectively, Siemens Internal Regulations) that should be implemented and applied within Siemens to the
fullest possible extent. Therefore, the Senior Officer insofar as the Corporation has a Senior Officer or, in his or her absence or disability, the other person, if any, who shall be the Senior Officer, or perform his or her duties, each
pursuant to these Bylaws, otherwise all the executive officers serving on the Board of Directors (the Executive Members)shall take the necessary precautions to ensure that all the Executive Members shall: 

(1) 

cause the close monitoring of the publication of Siemens Internal Regulations and keep themselves up to date on
all applicable Siemens Internal Regulations; 

7 

(2) 

examine (or cause to be examined) whether implementation of each Siemens Internal Regulation by the Corporation
is permitted under Delaware law; 

a. 

If the result of this examination is positive, (A) take (or cause to be taken) all appropriate measures to
duly cause the timely implementation of such Siemens Internal Regulation by the Corporation and (B) promptly inform (or cause to be informed) the issuer of the respective Siemens Internal Regulation and the GM ORG unit of Siemens AG (GM
ORG) (or any successor internal organization of each) about such implementation including the provision of appropriate documentation. 

b. 

If the result of this examination is not positive (it is found that, for legal reasons, the Siemens Internal
Regulation cannot be implemented in the Corporation or can be implemented only with modifications), in each instance, (A) promptly inform (or cause to be informed) the issuer of the respective Siemens Internal Regulation and GM ORG (or any
successor internal organization of each) about that and the reasons thereof. Until the Executive Members have reached agreement with the issuer about the implementation of the relevant Siemens Internal Regulation, the Executive Members shall
implement (or cause to be implemented) such regulation in so far as it is legally permissible and reflects as closely as possible the meaning and purpose of the Siemens Internal Regulation; 

(3) 

annul (or cause to be annulled) any existing regulations, policies and practices of the Corporation to the
extent such regulations, policies and practices contradict a Siemens Internal Regulation as each is implemented; 

(4) 

take (or cause to be taken) all appropriate measures to duly ensure compliance with implemented Siemens
Internal Regulations and to monitor such compliance; 

(5) 

promptly inform (or cause to be informed) the issuer of the respective Siemens Internal Regulation and GM ORG
(or any successor internal organization of each) if for legal reasons a Siemens Internal Regulation can no longer, or can only with modifications, be implemented; 

(6) 

adequately document (or cause to be adequately documented) the processes described in subsections
(1) through (5) above; and 

(7) 

cause the responsibilities and processes described in subsections (1) through (6) above to be implemented
by each subsidiary of the Corporation. 

8 

Section 4.15Joint Representation/Authorized Signatories. All contracts,
powers of attorney, bonds, mortgages and other significant documents and instruments to be entered into or filed on behalf of the Corporation with a third party or governmental entity shall be subject to a joint representation (i.e., two-signatures) requirement as set forth herein. However, in the event only one officer has been appointed by the Board (or only one such officer is holding office at any such time), such officer shall be the
Corporations sole necessary signatory for this joint representation requirement. If two or more officers have been appointed by the Board (and the Corporation continues to have two or more such officers), such joint representation requirement
shall be satisfied by the signature of two board-appointed officers or the signature of one officer appointed by the Senior Officer in conjunction with one board-appointed officer. This joint representation requirement shall not supersede, and shall
otherwise conform with, any other requirements applicable to the Corporation pursuant to this Agreement, any limitations of authority or other limitations or restrictions imposed by the Board from time to time, any applicable Siemens Internal
Regulations and any other internal policies or procedures applicable to the Corporation. 

ARTICLE V 

Miscellaneous 

Section 5.01Certificates of Stock. The shares of the Corporation shall
be represented by certificates in such form as shall be determined by the Board of Directors and shall be signed by the President or a Vice President and the Secretary, an Assistant Secretary, the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer of the
Corporation. The signatures of the officers upon a certificate may be facsimiles if the certificate is countersigned by a Transfer Agent or registered by a Registrar other than the Corporation or its employee. In case any officer who has signed or
whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such officer continued to hold such office at the
date of issue. 

Section 5.02Transfer Agents and Registrars. The Board of Directors may, in its discretion, appoint one or more banks or trust companies in such city or cities as the Board of Directors may deem
advisable, from time to time, to act as Transfer Agents and Registrars of the shares of stock of the Corporation; and upon such appointments being made, no certificate representing shares of stock shall be valid until countersigned by one of such
Transfer Agents and registered by one of such Registrars. 

Section 5.03Lost Certificates. In case any certificate representing shares shall be lost, stolen or destroyed, the Board of Directors, or any officer or officers duly authorized by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws, may authorize
the issuance of a substitute certificate in place of the certificate so lost, stolen or destroyed, and may cause or authorize such substitute certificate to be countersigned by the appropriate Transfer Agent and registered by the appropriate
Registrar. In each such case, the applicant for a substitute certificate shall furnish to the Corporation and to such of its Transfer Agents and Registrars as may require the same, evidence to their satisfaction, in their discretion, of the loss,
theft or destruction of such certificate and of the ownership thereof, and also such security or indemnity as may by them be required. 

9 

Section 5.04Transfer of Shares. Transfers of shares shall be made on the books of the Corporation only by the person named in the certificate, or by attorney lawfully constituted in writing, and upon surrender and
cancellation of a certificate or certificates for a like number of shares of the same class, with duly executed assignment and power of transfer endorsed thereon or attached thereto, and with such proof of the authenticity of the signatures as the
Corporation or its agents may reasonably require, and new certificates shall thereupon be issued. 

Section 5.05Stockholders Record Date. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to
corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the
purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting, nor more than sixty days prior to any other action. A
determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

Section 5.06Dividends. Subject to the provisions of law and of the Certificate of Incorporation, the
Board of Directors may, out of funds legally available therefor, at any regular or special meeting, declare dividends upon the capital stock of the Corporation as and when they deem expedient. Before declaring any dividend, there may be set apart
out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends, such sum or sums as the directors from time to time in their discretion deem proper for working capital or as a reserve fund to meet contingencies or for equalizing dividends or for such
other purposes as the directors shall deem conducive to the interests of the Corporation. 

Section 5.07Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall end on September 30th of each year. 

Section 5.08Checks. All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money, notes or other evidences of
indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers, agent or agents of the Corporation, and in such manner as shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

Section 5.9Notice and Waiver of Notice. Whenever any notice is required by these Bylaws to be given, personal notice is not meant unless expressly so stated, and any notice so
required shall be deemed to be sufficient if given by depositing the same in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the person entitled thereto at his or her address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, and such notice
shall be deemed to have been given on the day of such mailing. Notice to directors may also be given by electronic transmission. Stockholders not entitled to vote shall not be entitled to receive notice of any meetings except as otherwise provided
by statute. Whenever any notice is required to be given under the provisions of any law, of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, or of these Bylaws, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to said
notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders, directors, or members of a committee of
directors need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for
the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 

10 

ARTICLE VI 

Indemnification 

Section 6.01Limitation on Liability. The liability of a director of the Corporation to the Corporation or its stockholders for
monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director shall be limited or eliminated to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Any repeal or modification of this Article VI by the stockholders of the Corporation shall not
adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification. 

Section
6.02 Third Party Actions. The Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer or employee of the Corporation, or is or was
serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer or employee of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the persons conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a
plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that the persons conduct was unlawful. 

Section 6.03Actions by or in the Right of the Corporation. The Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person
is or was a director, officer or employee of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer or employee of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses
(including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not
opposed to the best interests of the Corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent
that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably
entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. 

Section 6.04Successful Defense; Payment of Expenses. To the extent that a present or former director or officer of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in the Sections of
these Bylaws entitled Third Party Actions or Actions by or in the Right of the Corporation, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys
fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith. 

11 

Section 6.05Determination of Conduct. Any indemnification under the Sections
of these Bylaws entitled Third Party Actions or Actions by or in the Right of the Corporation (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that
indemnification of the present or former director, officer or employee is proper in the circumstances because the person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in such Sections. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a
person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination, (1) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (2) by a committee of such directors
designated by majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (3) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (4) by the stockholders. 

Section 6.06Advancement of Expenses. Expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending
any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or
officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article VI. Such expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by former directors and
officers or other employees and agents may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the Corporation deems appropriate. 

Section 6.07Indemnity Not Exclusive. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, the
other Sections of this Article VI shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise,
both as to action in such persons official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. 

Section
6.08Insurance. The Corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as
a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such
persons status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under this Article VI. 

Section 6.09Continuation of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses. The indemnification and advancement of expenses
provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VI shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer or employee and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors
and administrators of such a person. 

12 

ARTICLE VII 

Amendments 

These Bylaws
may be altered or repealed, and Bylaws may be made, (1) at any meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat (or pursuant to an action taken pursuant to the
Section of these Bylaws entitled Action Without Meeting), or (2) by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors at any meeting of the Board of Directors; provided, however, that the Section of these Bylaws entitled
Chain of Command may only be altered or repealed pursuant to subsection (1) of this Article VII. 

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d869190dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (the Supplemental Indenture), dated as of March 26, 2025, between ALTAIR ENGINEERING
INC., a Delaware corporation, as issuer (the Company), and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as trustee (the Trustee), to the Indenture, dated as of June 14,
2022 (as supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee. 

RECITALS OF THE COMPANY 

WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore executed and delivered the Indenture, pursuant to which the Company issued its 1.750% Convertible Senior
Notes due 2027 (the Notes); 

WHEREAS, the Company is a party to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger
(Merger Agreement), dated as of October 30, 2024, among the Company, Siemens Industry Software Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and Astra Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub), pursuant to which, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (as defined below) (the Effective Time), each
share of Class A Common Stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and each share of Class B Common Stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (excluding
(a) Common Stock held by the Company as treasury stock or owned by Parent, Merger Sub or any other subsidiary of Parent immediately prior to the Effective Time and (b) Common Stock with respect to which appraisal rights are validly and
properly demanded and not withdrawn or lost under Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law), will automatically be converted into the right to receive $113.00 in cash, without interest (the Merger Consideration);

WHEREAS, the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company, with the Company as the surviving entity and a wholly owned subsidiary of
Parent (the Merger), has been consummated on the date hereof in accordance with the Merger Agreement, substantially concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture; 

WHEREAS, as of the time immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger, there had been no adjustments to the Conversion Rate set forth in
Section 14.01(a) of the Indenture; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 14.07(a) of the Indenture, the Merger constitutes a Share
Exchange Event with respect to the Notes, and the Indenture provides that the Company shall execute with the Trustee a supplemental indenture providing that, at and after the effective time of such Share Exchange Event, the right to convert each
$1,000 principal amount of Notes into shares of Common Stock shall be changed into a right to convert such principal amount of Notes into the kind and amount of Reference Property that a holder of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the
Conversion Rate immediately prior to such Share Exchange Event would have owned or been entitled to receive upon such Share Exchange Event; 

WHEREAS, the Merger constitutes a Fundamental Change and a Make-Whole Fundamental Change with respect to the Notes under the Indenture; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement and Section 14.07(a) of the
Indenture, each unit of Reference Property consists of $113.00 in cash; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 14.03(b) of the Indenture,
since the consideration paid to holders of the Common Stock in the Merger is composed entirely of cash, for any conversion of Notes following the effective time of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change, the payment and delivery obligations upon the
conversion of a Note are to be calculated based solely on the Stock Price for such Make-Whole Fundamental Change and for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes converted, are to be deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the product of (i) the
Conversion Rate in effect on the applicable Conversion Date (as increased by any number of Additional Shares required by Section 14.03 of the Indenture) multiplied by (ii) such Stock Price; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 14.07(a) of the Indenture, if the holders of Common Stock receive only cash in any Share Exchange Event,
then for all conversions that occur after the effective time of such Share Exchange Event, the consideration due upon conversion of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be solely cash in an amount equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the
relevant Conversion Date (as increased by any number of Additional Shares required by Section 14.03 of the Indenture), multiplied by the price paid per share of Common Stock in such Share Exchange Event; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 10.01(k) of the Indenture, the Company and the Trustee may from time to time and at any time enter into a
supplemental indenture without the consent of the Holders in connection with any Share Exchange Event, to provide that the Notes are convertible into Reference Property, subject to the provisions of Section 14.02 of the Indenture, and make
certain related changes to the terms of the Notes to the extent expressly required by the Indenture; 

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors has
duly adopted resolutions authorizing the Company to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture; 

WHEREAS, the Company has requested
that the Trustee execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture and has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel; and 

WHEREAS, all conditions precedent provided for in the Indenture relating to the execution of this Supplemental Indenture have been complied
with. 

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE WITNESSETH, for and in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto mutually covenant and agree for the equal and proportionate benefit of the Holders as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

TERMS 

Section 1.01 Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture
or as provided below: 

Reference Property means cash in the lawful currency of the United States of America. 

-2- 

ARTICLE II 

AMENDMENTS 

Section 2.01
Conversion Right. Pursuant to Section 14.07(a) of the Indenture, from and after the Effective Time, the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes into shares of Common Stock at the then applicable Conversion Rate shall be
changed into a right to convert such principal amount of Notes solely into an aggregate amount equal to the Conversion Rate immediately prior to the Effective Time (as may be increased by any Additional Shares), multiplied by $113.00, being the
price paid per share of Common Stock in the Merger, which (i) in the case of a conversion from and after the Effective Time that is effected in connection with the Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurring as a result of the Merger
(as determined in accordance with Section 14.03(a) of the Indenture), will be, for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes, cash in an amount equal to $113.00 multiplied by the sum of (a) 13.9505 plus (b) the number of Additional Shares
determined in accordance with Section 14.03(e) of the Indenture, which is .3751 and (ii) in the case of a conversion from and after the Effective Time that is not effected in connection with such Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as
determined in accordance with Section 14.03(a) of the Indenture), will be, for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes, cash in an amount equal to $113.00 multiplied by 13.9505. Accordingly, any reference in respect of the Holders
conversion rights to a single share of Common Stock in the Indenture, (I) to the extent that it refers to a conversion from and after the Effective Time that is effected in connection with such Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as determined in
accordance with Section 14.03(a) of the Indenture), shall be deemed a reference to a right to receive an amount in cash per $1,000 principal amount of Notes equal to $1,618.7928 per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, and (II) to the extent
that it refers to a conversion from and after the Effective Time that is not effected in connection with such Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as determined in accordance with Section 14.03(a) of the Indenture), shall be deemed a reference to a
right to receive an amount in cash equal to $1,576.4065 per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, and in each such case the provisions of the Indenture, as modified herein, shall continue to apply, mutatis mutandis, to the Holders right to
convert the Notes into the Reference Property. 

Section 2.02 Daily VWAP and Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock. With
respect to any date from and after the Effective Time, the Daily VWAP and Last Reported Sale Price shall be $113.00 on that date, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Indenture. 

Section 2.03 Notes. Each Note, with effect on and from the Effective Date (as defined below), shall be deemed supplemented,
modified and amended in such manner as necessary to make the terms of such Notes consistent with the terms of the Indenture, as amended by this Supplemental Indenture. 

ARTICLE III 

ACCEPTANCE OF
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

Section 3.01 Trustees Acceptance. The Trustee hereby accepts this Supplemental Indenture and
agrees to perform the same under the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

-3- 

ARTICLE IV 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

Section 4.01 Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial; Jurisdiction. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND EACH NOTE, AND ANY CLAIM,
CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND EACH NOTE, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAWS PROVISIONS THEREOF).
EACH OF THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND THE HOLDERS BY ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOTES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

The Company irrevocably consents and agrees, for the benefit
of the Holders from time to time of the Notes and the Trustee, that any legal action, suit or proceeding against it with respect to obligations, liabilities or any other matter arising out of or in connection with this Supplemental Indenture or the
Notes may be brought in the courts of the State of New York or the courts of the United States located in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City, New York and, until amounts due and to become due in respect of the Notes have been paid, hereby
irrevocably consents and submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of each such court in personam, generally and unconditionally with respect to any action, suit or proceeding for itself in respect of
its properties, assets and revenues. 

The Company irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any
objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any of the aforesaid actions, suits or proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Supplemental Indenture brought in the courts of the State of New York or the courts
of the United States located in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City, New York and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that any such action, suit or proceeding brought in any
such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 

Section 4.02 Benefits of Supplemental Indenture. Nothing in this
Supplemental Indenture or in the Notes, expressed or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the Holders, the parties hereto, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent, any Authenticating Agent, any Bid Solicitation Agent, any Security Registrar,
and their successors hereunder, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Supplemental Indenture or under any covenant, condition or provision contained in this Supplemental Indenture; all such covenants, conditions
and provisions being for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and the Holders of the Notes. 

Section 4.03 Execution in
Counterparts. This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this
Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture
for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto 

-4- 

transmitted by facsimile or PDF format shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. All notices, approvals, consents, requests and any communications hereunder must be in
writing (provided that any such communication sent to the Trustee hereunder must be in the form of a document that is signed manually or by way of a digital signature provided by DocuSign or other electronic signature provider that the Company plans
to use (or such other digital signature provider as specified in writing to the Trustee by the authorized representative), in English. The Company agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of digital signatures and electronic methods to
submit communications to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustees acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties. 

Section 4.04 Severability. In case any one or more provisions contained in this Supplemental Indenture or in the Notes shall for
any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions of the Supplemental Indenture or the Notes, but this Supplemental Indenture and the
Notes shall be construed as if such invalid or illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 

Section 4.05
Ratification of Indenture. The Indenture, as supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and this Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed part of the Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein
provided. 

Section 4.06 The Trustee. The Trustee makes no representation or warranty as to and shall not be responsible or
liable in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture. The recitals in this Supplemental Indenture are made by the Company only and not by the Trustee, and all of the rights, privileges,
protections, powers, immunities, indemnities, limitations of liability and benefits afforded to the Trustee (in each of its capacities) under the Indenture are deemed to be incorporated herein, and shall be enforceable by the Trustee hereunder, in
each of its capacities hereunder as if set forth herein in full. 

Section 4.07 Provisions Binding on Companys
Successors. All the covenants, stipulations, promises and agreements of the Company contained in this Supplemental Indenture made by or on behalf of the Company shall bind its successors and assigns whether so expressed or not. 

Section 4.08 Headings, Etc. The titles and headings of the articles and sections of this Supplemental Indenture have been inserted
for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof, and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof. 

Section 4.09 Effectiveness. This Supplemental Indenture shall become effective upon, without further action by the parties hereto,
the occurrence of the Effective Time under the Merger Agreement (the Effective Date). 

[Signature Pages Follow]

-5- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly
executed as of the day and year first written above. 

ALTAIR ENGINEERING INC., as Issuer

By: /s/ Matthew Brown

Name: Matthew Brown

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to
First Supplemental Indenture] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly
executed as of the day and year first written above. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: /s/ Russel Otzenberger

Name: Russel T. Otzenberger

Title: Assistant Vice President

[Signature Page to
First Supplemental Indenture]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>altr-20250326.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>altr-20250326_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>altr-20250326_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 26, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001701732

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 26, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Altair Engineering Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-38263

Entity Tax Identification Number 38-2591828

Entity Address, Address Line One 1820 E. Big Beaver Road

Entity Address, City or Town Troy

Entity Address, State or Province MI

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 48083

City Area Code (248)

Local Phone Number 614-2400

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Class A Common Stock $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol ALTR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.altair.com//20250326/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

altr-20250326.xsd 
altr-20250326_lab.xml 
altr-20250326_pre.xml 
d869190d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-066329-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d869190d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001701732 

2025-03-26 
2025-03-26 

false 
0001701732 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-03-26 
Altair Engineering Inc. 
DE 
001-38263 
38-2591828 
1820 E. Big Beaver Road 
Troy 
MI 
48083 
(248) 
614-2400 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock $0.0001 par value per share 
ALTR 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>