<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-019260.txt : 20250203
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-019260.hdr.sgml : 20250203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250203160508
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-019260
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250202
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TALOS ENERGY INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001724965
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				823532642
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38497
		FILM NUMBER:		25582483

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 CLAY STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-328-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 CLAY STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SAILFISH ENERGY HOLDINGS Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171211
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d845029d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000172496500017249652025-02-022025-02-02

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): February 2, 2025

TALOS ENERGY INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 001-38497 82-3532642

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

333 Clay Street, Suite 3300

Houston, Texas77002

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(713)328-3000

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock TALO NYSE

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensation Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

Appointment of Paul Goodfellow as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

On February 2, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of Talos Energy Inc. (the Company) appointed Mr. Paul R. Goodfellow to serve as the Companys President, Chief Executive Officer and principal executive officer, effective March 1, 2025. The Board also appointed Mr. Goodfellow to serve as a member of the Board concurrently with his appointment as an executive officer. 

Mr. Goodfellow, age 59, has over 34 years of experience at Shell plc (NYSE: SHEL) (Shell) both in the United Kingdom and the United States where he has held a series of positions from 1991 until his resignation from Shell in 2025, including most recently Executive Vice President and Group Chief Internal Auditor from August 2023 until joining the Company, and Executive Vice President, Deep Water, Shell Upstream, in Houston, Texas from April 2019 to August 2023 while he also served as the Chairman of the Board of Shell Midstream Partners GP LP (Shell Midstream GP) (formerly NYSE: SHLX) from October 2019 to August 2023 and a director beginning in October 2014. Mr. Goodfellow received a Bachelor of Science in Mining and Mineral Engineering in 1986 and a Doctor of Philosophy in Rock Mechanics in 1990, each from the Camborne School of Mines in the United Kingdom. Mr. Goodfellow has been a Chartered Engineer since 1990, a member of the UK Institute of Mining and Metallurgy since 1991 and a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers since 2000. 

There was no arrangement or understanding between Mr. Goodfellow and any other person(s) pursuant to which he was selected to be President and Chief Executive Officer of Company, and Mr. Goodfellow does not have any family relationships with any of the Companys executive officers or directors. Mr. Goodfellow is not a party to any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). 

In connection with his appointment, the Company entered into an offer letter agreement with Mr. Goodfellow describing the terms and conditions of his employment with the Company (the Offer Letter). Pursuant to the terms of the Offer Letter, Mr. Goodfellow will be entitled to the following: (a) a base salary of $975,000, paid in accordance with the Companys normal payroll practices (the Base Salary); (b) eligibility to earn an annual incentive award pursuant to the Companys short-term incentive program with a target value of 125% of the Base Salary, based upon and subject to the achievement of performance objectives and other terms and conditions as determined by the Company; (c) in respect of calendar year 2025, awards under the Companys Amended and Restated 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan (the LTIP) of (i) restricted stock units (RSUs) with a grant date value equal to approximately $2,250,000 (the 2025 RSU Award) and (ii) performance share units (PSUs) with a target grant date value equal to approximately $2,250,000 (the 2025 PSU Award and together with the 2025 RSU Award, the 2025 LTIP Awards) and (d) no later than 15 days following his commencement of employment, awards under the LTIP of (i) RSUs with a grant date value equal to $800,000 (the RSU Sign-On Award) and (ii) PSUs with a grant date value equal to $1,600,000 (the PSU Sign-On Award and together with the RSU Sign-On Award, the Sign-On Awards). The terms and timing of grant of the 2025 LTIP Awards will be the same as those granted to other similarly situated executives. The RSU Sign-On Award will vest one-third on each of the first three anniversaries of the date of grant, subject to continued employment and compliance with applicable restrictive covenants through each such date. The PSU Sign-On Award will be eligible to vest and settle during the three year performance period beginning on the date of grant as to (y) 50% on the first trading day in which the closing price of the Companys common stock is equal to or greater than $14.00 for sixty (60) consecutive trading days and (z) 50% on the first trading day in which the closing price of the Companys common stock is equal to or greater than $16.00 for sixty (60) consecutive trading days. 

Mr. Goodfellow is also eligible to participate in the Companys employee benefit plans, including the Talos Energy Operating Company LLC Amended and Restated Executive Severance Plan (the Severance Plan) under which he will be designated a Tier 1 Executive (as defined in the Severance Plan), effective as of his commencement of employment. Additionally, so long as Mr. Goodfellow commences employment with the Company by March 1, 2025, he will receive a sign-on bonus (the Sign-On Bonus) of $100,000, payable in cash within fifteen (15) days of his commencement of employment. Upon Mr. Goodfellows relocation to Houston, Texas, the Company will also reimburse him up to (a) $60,000 in respect of his United Kingdom lease payments and (b) $50,000 for actual out-of-pocket moving expenses reasonably incurred and directly related to his relocation, in each case, subject to substantiation in accordance with the Companys policies as in effect from time to time. To the extent Mr. Goodfellow is terminated for cause (as defined in the LTIP) or he resigns prior to the first anniversary of his commencement of employment, he will be obligated to repay the Company in cash the relocation reimbursements and the Sign-On Bonus. 

The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Offer Letter, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K (the Report). Mr. Goodfellow also entered into a confidentiality and restrictive covenant agreement with the Company, which contains customary confidentiality and non-solicit provisions and a 24 month non-compete that Mr. Goodfellow agrees to be bound by. Such agreement is attached as Exhibit A to the Offer Letter. Mr. Goodfellows participation in the Severance Plan is subject to the terms and conditions of the Severance Plan and Participation Agreement, which Mr. Goodfellow entered into effective as of the commencement of his employment. The Participation Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Report and the Severance Plan is attached as Annex A to the Participation Agreement, each of which is incorporated herein by reference. The Sign-On Bonus, 2025 LTIP Awards and Sign-On Awards shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the LTIP and applicable award agreements. The form RSU award agreement and form PSU award agreement are filed as Exhibits 10.3 and 10.4 to this Report, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. The PSU Sign-On Award agreement will vary slightly from the PSU award agreement filed herewith in order to reflect the terms described above and will be filed with the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2025. 

Indemnification Agreement 

In connection with Mr. Goodfellows appointment as President, Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the Board, the Company and Mr. Goodfellow entered into a customary indemnification agreement effective as of the commencement of his employment (the Indemnification Agreement) in a form previously approved by the Company, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit 10.12 to the Companys Form 10-K, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on February 29, 2024. 

The foregoing description of the Indemnification Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Indemnification Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.5 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. 

Pending Removal of Office of the Interim Chief Executive Officer and Interim Co-Presidents, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer 

In connection with Mr. Goodfellows appointment, the Board determined that effective upon the date Mr. Goodfellow commences his employment, the Office of the Interim Chief Executive Officer (the Office of the Interim CEO) will be terminated. On that date (i) Mr. William S. Moss, III, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of the Company; (ii) Mr. Sergio L. Maiworm, Jr., Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company; and (iii) Mr. John B. Spath, Executive Vice President and Head of Operations of the Company, will no longer serve as members of the Office of the Interim CEO and as Interim Co-Presidents. In addition, on that date Mr. Moss will no longer serve as Interim Chief Executive Officer and principal executive officer of the Company. Those three executives will, however, continue to serve in their prior roles and titles, reporting to the Companys new President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Goodfellow. 

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On February 3, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing Mr. Goodfellows appointment. A copy of the press release is furnished hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated into this Item 7.01 by reference. 

The information in this Item 7.01 of Form 8-K, including the accompanying Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of such section, nor shall such information be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of the general incorporation language of such filing, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit 

Description

10.1* Offer Letter Agreement by and between the Company and Paul Goodfellow, effective February 2, 2025. 

Exhibit 

Description

10.2* Participation Agreement pursuant to Talos Energy Operating Company LLC Amended and Restated Executive Severance Plan. 

10.3 Form of Amended and Restated Talos Energy Inc. 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Executives) (2024) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Companys Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38497) filed with the SEC on November 12, 2024). 

10.4 Form of Amended and Restated Talos Energy Inc. 2021 Long Term Incentive Plan Performance Share Unit Grant Notice and Performance Share Unit Agreement (Executives) (2024) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Companys Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38497) filed with the SEC on November 12, 2024). 

10.5 Form of Indemnification Agreement (Directors and Officers) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Companys Form 10-K (File No. 001-38497) filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024). 

99.1* Press Release, dated February 3, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

Identifies management contracts and compensatory plans or arrangements.

* Filed herewith

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: February 3, 2025 

TALOS ENERGY INC.

By: 

/s/ William S. Moss III

Name: 

William S. Moss III

Interim Co-President, Interim Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d845029dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

February 2, 2025 

Paul R. Goodfellow 

Re: Offer Letter Agreement

Dear Paul: 

This offer letter agreement (the Offer Letter), including its Exhibit A, sets forth the terms and conditions of your employment with
Talos Energy Inc. (the Company), provided that such employment and this Offer Letter are contingent upon, and shall only be deemed valid, effective, and binding upon the Companys confirmation that the conditions set forth in
that certain Letter of Intent dated November 18, 2024, by and between you and the Company, have been satisfied. If these terms and conditions are acceptable, please sign and date a copy of this Offer Letter and return it to me. 

1. You will be employed by the Company in the position of President and Chief Executive Officer, commencing on March 1, 2025, or
such other date mutually agreed upon by you and the Company upon which you commence employment with the Company or its affiliates (such date, the Start Date). Your principal place of employment will be the Companys offices
in Houston, Texas. 

2. You will be paid a base salary at the rate of $975,000 per year
(pro-rated for partial years during the employment period), less applicable withholdings and deductions, which will be paid in accordance with the Companys normal payroll practices (the Base
Salary). Because your position is exempt, you will not be eligible to receive overtime. 

3. You will be eligible to
participate in the employee benefit plans that the Company, in its discretion, maintains for other senior executives (including but not limited to, the Talos Energy Operating Company LLC Amended and Restated Executive Severance Plan, as amended from
time to time, under which you will be designated a Tier 1 Executive), as in effect from time to time and subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable plan documents. The Company expressly reserves the right to modify,
substitute, or eliminate such employee benefit plans and programs at any time. 

4. In respect of the 2025 calendar year, you will be
eligible to receive a cash bonus with a target bonus opportunity of 125% of your Base Salary (the Bonus), based upon and subject to the achievement of performance objectives and other terms and conditions, in each case,
established and determined by the Company, which Bonus, if any, will be paid when such bonuses are regularly paid to other similarly situated employees, subject to your employment on the applicable payment date. 

5. In respect of the 2025 calendar year, you will be eligible to receive an award under the Amended and Restated Talos Energy Inc. 2021
Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended, 

1 

modified and/or amended and restated from time to time, or any successor plan thereto (the LTIP), comprised of (i) time-based Restricted Stock Units (as defined in the
LTIP) (the RSUs) with a target grant date value equal to $2,250,000 and (ii) performance-based Restricted Stock Units (PSUs) with a target grant date value equal to $2,250,000 (the 2025 Equity
Awards). The 2025 Equity Awards shall be subject to your continued employment and compliance with any restrictive covenants by which you may be bound through the applicable grant date and the terms and conditions of the LTIP and any award
agreement granted thereunder in respect of the 2025 Equity Awards, which award agreement terms shall be substantially similar to those applicable to similarly situated senior executives of the Company. The 2025 Equity Awards shall be granted at such
time as equity awards are generally granted under the LTIP to similarly situated senior executives of the Company for the 2025 calendar year and the target grant date value will be based on the twenty
(20) trading-day volume weighted average price (the VWAP) up to and including February 28, 2025. 

6. Provided your Start Date is on or before March 1, 2025, you will be eligible to receive a
sign-on bonus (the Sign-On Bonus) of $100,000 (before taxes and other applicable withholdings), payable in cash within fifteen (15) days of the
Start Date. If your employment is terminated by the Company for cause (as defined in the LTIP) or if you resign prior to the first anniversary of the Start Date, you will be obligated to repay to the Company in cash, within fifteen
(15) days of such termination of employment, the Sign-On Bonus previously paid to you. 

7. As soon as practicable following the Start Date but in all events within fifteen (15) days following the Start Date, you will be
granted an award under the LTIP comprised of (i) RSUs with a grant date value equal to $800,000 (the RSU Sign-On Award), which shall vest as to
one-third on each the first, second, and third anniversaries of the grant date, and (ii) PSUs with a grant date value equal to $1,600,000, which shall be eligible to vest and settle during the three
(3) year performance period commencing on the date of grant as to (y) fifty percent (50%) on the first trading day in which the closing price of the Stock (as defined in the LTIP) is equal to or greater than $14.00 for sixty
(60) consecutive trading days and (z) fifty percent (50%) on the first trading day in which the closing price of the Stock (as defined in the LTIP) is equal to or greater than $16.00 for sixty (60) consecutive trading days (the
PSU Sign-On Award, and collectively with the RSU Sign-On Award, the Sign-On Equity Awards).
The Sign-On Equity Awards shall be subject to your continued employment and compliance with any restrictive covenants by which you may be bound through the applicable grant date and the terms and conditions of
the LTIP and any award agreement granted thereunder in respect of the Sign-On Equity Awards, and the grant date value will be based on the twenty (20) trading-day
VWAP up to and including February 28, 2025. 

8. Upon your relocation to Houston, Texas, the Company will reimburse you
(i) up to $60,000 in respect of your United Kingdom lease payments from the date of your relocation until the date that is three (3) months from your Start Date and (ii) up to $50,000 for actual out-of-pocket moving expenses reasonably incurred and directly related to your relocation to Houston, Texas, each subject to substantiation in accordance with the Companys policies as in effect from
time to time (the Relocation Reimbursement). Requests for Relocation Reimbursement, and the provision of appropriate documentation of the same shall be submitted no later than February 1, 2026. All Relocation Reimbursements
shall be paid to you no later than thirty (30) days following submission of appropriate documentation of such expense. If your employment is terminated by 

2 

the Company for cause (as defined in the LTIP) or if you resign prior to the first anniversary of the Start Date, you will be obligated to repay to the Company in cash, within fifteen
(15) days of such termination of employment, the Relocation Reimbursement previously paid to you. 

9. Your employment with the
Company will be at-will, meaning that either you or the Company may terminate your employment at any time, for any reason or no reason, subject to the Notice provision set forth in Paragraph 1 of the
Confidentiality Agreement (as defined below). 

10. You also represent that you are not subject to any agreement (including but not
limited to any agreement containing non-competition,non-solicitation, or confidentiality obligations), order, judgment, or decree of any kind which would prevent you
from entering into this Offer Letter or performing the services that you will be performing for the Company. You further promise that should you become aware of any reason you cannot join or remain employed by the Company, or fully execute your
responsibilities for the Company, you will immediately notify the Company in writing. Similarly, if you receive any communication from a former employer or any other person or entity claiming you cannot join or continue employment at the Company or
perform all of your duties as a Company employee, you will immediately notify the Companys Board of Directors of these developments in writing. You also represent that you will abide by all contractual obligations you may have to all prior
employers and that you will not retain, review, or utilize any other persons or entitys confidential, attorney-client privileged, or proprietary information or share or disclose any such information with or to any other person or entity.
The Company disclaims any interest in any confidential, privileged, or proprietary information of any person or entity other than the Company and instructs you not to disclose or use any such confidential, privileged, or proprietary information. You
further represent that you did not engage in any misconduct, and were not subject to any disciplinary action, while employed by or performing services for any former employer or other person or entity that could reasonably be expected to cause any
damage the Companys reputation, business or employees, including but not limited to any conduct constituting sexual misconduct, sexual harassment, harassment, or discrimination, or the cover-up of such
conduct. Further, you represent that you maintain, and during the term of your employment at the Company will continue to maintain, all admissions, memberships, licenses, and authorizations necessary to carry out the obligations and responsibilities
of your employment at the Company. 

11. You agree to devote all your business time and attention to your duties for the Company and
its affiliates and to perform your duties and responsibilities diligently, loyally, and consistent with the policies, procedures and practices of the Company and its affiliates. You agree to comply with all terms and conditions set forth in this
Offer Letter, the Companys policy documents, and any other policies, memoranda, and communications applicable to you. Failure to comply with all such policies and procedures shall be grounds for disciplinary action up to and including
termination. 

12. As a pre-condition of the Company hiring you, and as a material term of
this Offer Letter and your employment at the Company, you must execute and comply with the Confidentiality and Restrictive Covenant Agreement attached as Exhibit 1 hereto (the Confidentiality Agreement). Please review
and execute the Confidentiality Agreement and return it to me with your signed copy of this Offer Letter. The Confidentiality Agreement is incorporated into this Offer Letter by reference, and upon your acceptance of the terms of this

3 

Offer Letter, you will be bound by the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement. Any disputes arising under this Offer Letter, or otherwise arising between you and any of the Company Parties (as
defined in the Confidentiality Agreement), shall be resolved in accordance with Paragraphs 10 and 11 of the Confidentiality Agreement. 

13. This Offer Letter (including the Confidentiality Agreement attached as Exhibit 1) replaces and supersedes any previous offer
letter or employment agreement between you and any of the Company Parties, as well as any written or oral understandings of any kind concerning the terms or conditions of your employment. You specifically acknowledge and agree that notwithstanding
any discussions or negotiations you may have had with any of the Company Parties prior to the execution of this Offer Letter, you are not relying on any promises or assurances other than those explicitly contained in this Offer Letter and the
Confidentiality Agreement. This Offer Letter and the Confidentiality Agreement contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters set forth herein, and the terms and conditions of your employment can be modified only in an
agreement signed by you and the Companys Interim President and Chief Executive Officer. 

14. This Offer Letter shall be
governed by the laws of the State of Texas, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws. 

15. This Offer Letter may be
executed in counterparts, both of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Facsimile, PDF, and other true and accurate copies of this Offer Letter shall have the same force and effect as originals hereof. 

16. You may not assign your rights or obligations under this Offer Letter or the Confidentiality Agreement. You agree that the Company
may assign this Offer Letter and/or the Confidentiality Agreement without advance notice to you. 

17. This Offer Letter shall be
interpreted strictly in accordance with its terms, to the maximum extent permissible under governing law, and shall not be construed against or in favor of any party, regardless of which party drafted this Offer Letter or any provision hereof. If
any provision of this Offer Letter is determined to be unenforceable as a matter of governing law, an arbitrator or reviewing court shall have the authority to blue pencil or otherwise modify such provision so as to render it enforceable
while maintaining the parties original intent to the maximum extent possible. Each provision of this Offer Letter is severable from the other provisions hereof, and if one or more provisions hereof are declared invalid, the remaining
provisions shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect. For purposes of this Offer Letter, the connectives and, or, and and/or shall be construed either disjunctively or conjunctively as necessary to bring
within the scope of a sentence or clause all subject matter that might otherwise be construed to be outside of its scope. 

18. You
agree that it is the intent of you and the Company Parties that all payments you receive pursuant to this Offer Letter and the Confidentiality Agreement will comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
(Section 409A). None of the Company Parties shall be liable for any failure of such payments to comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A. You are hereby advised to consult your personal tax advisors
with respect to amounts payable hereunder. Any reference to termination of employment or similar terms as used 

4 

in this Offer Letter will mean a separation from service under Section 409A. Each payment payable hereunder shall constitute a payment in a series of separate payments for all
purposes. In no event will you be able to direct payment or the year of payment of any amounts due hereunder. 

19. Your employment
at the Company is subject to final satisfactory completion of the Companys pre-employment screening process (including any criminal background check process), in the Companys sole discretion. 

20. Your employment also is contingent upon your having and maintaining authorization to work in the United States. When you commence
your employment, you will be required to produce documents showing that you are authorized to be employed in the United States. 

21. To accept this offer, please sign and date this Offer Letter and return it (and the signed Confidentiality Agreement) to me by no
later than February 3, 2025 after which this offer will be null and void). 

5 

Sincerely,

Talos Energy Inc.

By: 

/s/ William S. Moss III

Name: William S. Moss III

Title: Interim Co-President, Interim Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

Confirmed and Agreed:

/s/ Paul R. Goodfellow

Paul R. Goodfellow

Date: February 2, 2025

Signature Page to
Offer Letter

EXHIBIT A 

CONFIDENTIALITY AND RESTRICTIVE COVENANT AGREEMENT 

As a pre-condition of Talos Energy Inc. (the Company) hiring and employing you, and
in consideration for the rights and benefits provided to you under the offer letter agreement between you and the Company, effective as of the date you execute it (the Offer Letter), to which this Confidentiality and Restrictive
Covenant Agreement (this Agreement) is attached as Exhibit 1, you agree to abide by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. You acknowledge and agree that this Agreement, and the terms and conditions herein, are
material terms of your employment relationship with the Company, and that the Company would not hire or employ you but for your execution of, and compliance with, this Agreement. 

1. Notice. Your employment will be on an at-will basis, meaning that either
you or the Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time, for any or no reason, subject to the following notice requirements: you may resign your employment at any time on sixty (60) days advance written notice to the
Company and the Company may terminate your employment at any time on up to sixty (60) days advance written notice to you (such advance notice period, whether provided by you or by the Company, the Notice Period);
provided, however, that whether you resign or are terminated, the Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to waive all or part of the Notice Period, such that your resignation or termination will become effective prior to
the conclusion of this period, and the Company will not be required to pay you your salary or any bonus or any other amounts following the date your termination becomes effective. To the extent the Company does not waive the Notice Period, you shall
remain employed through the Notice Period (or such portion thereof not waived by the Company), and shall continue to receive your regular base salary (minus appropriate deductions and withholdings) through such period, but the Company may, in its
sole discretion, direct you to continue performing your regular duties; cease performing some or all of your duties; transition your duties to other individuals; refrain from communicating with Company employees, investors, potential investors,
counterparties, and other third parties; and/or refrain from entering the Companys premises. For avoidance of doubt, you will remain a Company employee and will continue to be bound by the terms of this Agreement during any Notice Period. 

2. Confidential Information. 

(a) You acknowledge that the Company Parties are engaged in a highly competitive industry and that they must protect their proprietary
and confidential information and trade secrets against unauthorized use or disclosure, which would irreparably harm the Company Parties interests. You acknowledge that you recognize that the disclosure by the Company Parties of certain
Confidential Information (as defined below) will be necessary and useful to your performance of job duties or services for the Company Parties. As a result, you will be provided Confidential Information that could be used by competitors and
customers of the Company Parties in a manner that would irreparably harm the Company Parties competitive position in the marketplace. Except as authorized or directed by the Company in connection with the proper performance of your duties and
obligations, or as provided below, you shall not, at any time during your employment with the Company or at any time after your employment with the Company ends (regardless of whether you resign or are terminated or the reason for such resignation
or termination), directly or indirectly, use, disclose, exploit, remove, copy, or make available to any other person or entity any Confidential Information, including for your own personal use or advantage or for the use or advantage of any person
or entity other than the Company Parties (as defined below), except as otherwise explicitly provided herein. 

(b) Confidential Information means the following nonpublic information, confidential information, proprietary
information, trade secrets, or other sensitive information (whether in oral, written, electronic, or any other form) concerning, created by, or relating to any of the Company Parties 

1 

(as defined below): information about products; services; systems; designs; inventions; finances (including prices, costs, and revenues); marketing plans; sales; sales strategies; prospects;
pricing; pricing strategies; programs; methods of operation; licenses; prospective and existing investment management agreements; profits; databases; operational methods; potential transactions; pending negotiations; computer programs; algorithms;
pending patent applications; identity of investments in and composition and characteristics of various investments, including but not limited to information about any clients or investors individually managed accounts and/or portfolios;
financial results; risk management; investment strategies; investment philosophies; research; proprietary research; internal controls; security protocols and procedures (including cybersecurity protocols and procedures); formulas; models (including
statistical and economic models); Work Product (as defined below); proposals; files; data; diagrams; specifications; accounting systems; computer software; dealer lists; information regarding current or prospective customers, clients, investors,
marketers, advertisers, vendors, or consultants (including lists of current or prospective customers, clients, or investors, and information concerning their identities, addresses, contact persons, contact information, business or investment status,
preferences, strategies, or needs); due diligence; financial information; non-public business strategies; trading strategies, methodologies, techniques, and characteristics (including specific instruments
traded and their costs, profitability, and holding periods); positions; techniques (including forecasting techniques); flow charts; source codes; research and development procedures; test results; financing and clearing information; marketing
techniques, materials, and plans; non-public business plans; market analyses and projections; personal information about the Company Parties (and/or their family members), including but not limited to their
residence(s), telephone numbers, contact information, financial information, places of employment, activities and interests, and any pictures, photographs or video recordings of any type or format concerning the foregoing persons or their
activities; risk management strategies or techniques; templates; negotiations; research; actual or potential transactions or opportunities; investment theses; valuations; valuation models or analyses; and any other information, documents, or
materials that may be identified as confidential or proprietary or which is required to be maintained as confidential under governing law or regulation or under an agreement with any third parties. For purposes of this Agreement, (i) the
Company Group means the Company, and each and all of its former, current, and future affiliates, direct or indirect subsidiaries; and (ii) the Company Parties means, collectively, each member of the Company
Group, and each and all of their respective current and former shareholders, interest holders, unit holders, advisors, managers, officers, directors, partners, principals, members, employees, fiduciaries, representatives, and agents. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in accordance with the Defend Trade Secrets Act, 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), and
other applicable law, nothing in this Agreement, the Offer Letter, or any other agreement or Company policy shall prevent you from, or expose you to criminal or civil liability under federal or state trade secret law for: (i) directly or
indirectly sharing any member of Company Groups trade secrets or other Confidential Information (except information protected by any member of the Company Groups attorney-client or work product privilege) with law enforcement, an
attorney, or with any federal, state, or local government agencies, regulators, or officials (including, but not limited to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, National Labor Relations Board, the Texas
Workforce Commission, any commission or division of human rights, an attorney general, or similar state or local analogue) (collectively, Government Entities), for the purpose of investigating or reporting a suspected violation of
law (including any whistleblower or whistleblower retaliation claim), whether in response to a subpoena or otherwise, without notice to the Company Group; or (ii) disclosing trade secrets in a complaint or other document filed in connection
with a legal claim, provided that the filing is made under seal. Further, you shall not be prohibited from discussing or disclosing information related to your general job duties or responsibilities and/or regarding employee wages or benefits, in
accordance with applicable law, or from communicating truthfully with any Government Entities. 

2 

3. Legal Process; Cooperation. 

(a) Except as provided in Paragraph 2(c), above, you agree that in the event you are served with a subpoena, document request,
information request, interrogatory, or any other legal process that will or may require you to disclose any Confidential Information, whether during your employment or thereafter (regardless of whether you resign or are terminated, or the reason for
such resignation or termination), you will (i) immediately notify the Companys General Counsel of such fact, in writing (both by email and by FedEx or UPS overnight delivery), and provide a copy of such subpoena, document request,
information request, interrogatory, or other legal process, unless such subpoena, document request, interrogatory, or other legal process both is from a court or governmental agency and explicitly prohibits you from doing so, and (ii) to
the maximum extent possible, not make any disclosure until the Company has had a reasonable opportunity to contest the right of the requesting person or entity to such disclosure, limit the scope or nature of such disclosure, and/or seek to
participate in the proceeding or matter in which the disclosure is sought. 

(b) You agree that during your employment with the
Company and thereafter (regardless of whether you resign or are terminated, or the reason for such resignation or termination), you shall, without any additional consideration to that provided in your Offer Letter, provide reasonable and timely
cooperation in connection with (i) any actual or threatened litigation, inquiry, review, investigation, process, or other matter, action, or proceeding (whether conducted by or before any court, regulatory, or governmental entity, or by or on
behalf of any Company Party), that relates to events occurring during your employment at the Company or about which the Company otherwise believes you may have relevant information; (ii) the transitioning of your role and responsibilities to
other personnel; and (iii) the provision of information in response to the Companys requests and inquiries and relating to topics about which the Company otherwise believes you may have relevant information. Your cooperation shall include
being available to (x) meet with and provide information to the Company Parties and their counsel or other agents in connection with fact-finding, investigatory, discovery, and/or pre-litigation or other
proceeding issues, and (y) provide truthful testimony (including via affidavit, deposition, at trial, or otherwise) in connection with any such matter, all without the requirement of being subpoenaed. The Company shall try to schedule your
cooperation pursuant to this Paragraph so as not to unduly interfere with your other personal or professional pursuits. 

4. Protected Property. You acknowledge and agree that all property, proprietary materials, Confidential Information, documents,
records, files, memoranda, email, computer media, software, equipment (including laptops, iPhones, iPads, smartphones, tablets, and other devices), system and software login information, passwords, access codes, authorization codes (to the extent
such passwords, access codes, or authorization codes relate in whole or in part to the Company Parties respective businesses, data rooms, systems, sites, or information), telephone numbers, e-mail
addresses, messaging contact information, identification cards, keys, and any other materials in any form (whether paper, electronic, or otherwise, and all copies thereof) relating or belonging to any of the Company Parties (collectively
Protected Property), created by you or coming into your possession, custody, or control, in whole or in part, during the course of your employment with the Company or affiliation with any of the Company Parties, are the sole
property of the Company Parties. Upon the termination of your employment with the Company for any reason, or upon the request of the Company at any time, you agree to promptly deliver all Protected Property (including all Confidential Information)
to the Company, and to then promptly destroy any copies of any Confidential Information remaining in your (or your family members) possession, custody, or control, including on any computers, laptops, disks, drives, email accounts (including
Gmail, Yahoo, and any other email accounts, systems, or applications), instant messaging accounts (including texts, iMessage, WhatsApp, and any other messaging accounts, systems, or applications), storage clouds, paper files, and any and all other
repositories or locations in which such 

3 

information may be stored. At no time will you remove or copy or cause to be removed from the premises of the Company any original or copy of any Protected Property except in furtherance of your
proper duties to the Company and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and all applicable Company policies and procedures. 

5. Work Product. You agree that any and all developments, improvements, inventions, discoveries, creations, formulae, algorithms,
processes, systems, interfaces, protocols, concepts, programs, products, investment strategies, valuation models, risk management tools, methods, designs, and works of authorship, and any and all documents, information (including Confidential
Information), or things relating thereto, whether patentable or not, within the scope of or pertinent to any business, research, or investment in which the Company or any other member of the Company Group is engaged or (if such is known to or
ascertainable by you) considering engaging, which you may conceive, make, author, create, invent, develop, or reduce to practice, in whole or in part, during your employment with the Company or affiliation with any of the Company Parties, whether
alone or working with others, whether during or outside of normal working hours, whether inside or outside of the Companys offices, and whether with or without the use of the Companys computers, systems, materials, equipment, or other
property (the foregoing, individually and collectively, Work Product), shall be and remain the sole and exclusive property of the Company; provided that Work Product will not include any invention that satisfies each
of the following prongs: (a) you developed the invention entirely on your own time without using the Companys equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information, (b) the invention does not relate, at the time of conception
or reduction to practice, to the Companys business or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, and (c) the invention does not result from any work you have performed for the Company. To the maximum extent allowable by
law, any Work Product subject to copyright protection shall be considered works made for hire for the Company under U.S. copyright law. To the extent that any Work Product that is subject to copyright protection is not considered a work
made for hire, or to the extent that you otherwise have or retain any ownership or other rights in any Work Product (or any intellectual property rights therein) anywhere in the world, you hereby assign and transfer to the Company all such rights,
including the intellectual property rights therein, effective automatically as and when such Work Product is conceived, made, authored, created, invented, developed, or reduced to practice. The Company shall have the full worldwide right to use,
assign, license, and/or transfer all rights in, with, to, or relating to Work Product (and all intellectual property rights therein). You shall, whenever requested to do so by the Company (whether during your employment or thereafter), execute any
and all applications, assignments, and/or other instruments, and do all other things (including cooperating in any matter or giving testimony in any legal proceeding) which the Company may deem necessary or appropriate in order to (x) apply
for, obtain, maintain, enforce, or defend patent, trademark, copyright, or similar registrations of the United States or any other country for any Work Product; (y) assign, transfer, convey, or otherwise make available to the Company any right,
title, or interest which you might otherwise have in any Work Product; and/or (z) confirm the Companys right, title, and interest in any Work Product. You further agree that if the Company is unable, after reasonable effort, to secure
your signature on any such documents, any officer of the Company shall be entitled to execute any such documents as your agent and attorney-in-fact. You hereby
irrevocably designate and appoint each current and future officer of the Company as your agent and attorney-in-fact to execute any such documents, and to take any and
all actions as the Company may deem necessary or desirable in order to protect its rights and interests in any Work Product. You shall promptly communicate and disclose all Work Product to the Company and, upon request, report upon and deliver all
such Work Product to the Company. You shall not use or permit any Work Product to be used for any purpose other than on behalf of the Company Parties, whether during your employment or thereafter. 

6. Non-Competition. As a further material inducement for the Company to employ you
hereunder, you agree that during your employment with the Company (inclusive of any Notice Period), and 

4 

for the twenty-four (24) month period thereafter (regardless of whether you resign or are terminated, or the reason for any such resignation or termination), you shall not, directly or
indirectly, whether or not for compensation, and whether or not as an employee, (a) be engaged in or have any financial interest in any Competitive Business (as defined below), (b) form, plan, establish, market for, or promote any Competitive
Business in any way, or (c) provide services of any kind to any person or entity engaged in, or any affiliate of any person or entity engaged in, a Competitive Business. For purposes of this Paragraph 6, Competitive Business
means any person or entity that is engaged in or preparing to engage in the business of acquiring, exploiting and/or developing oil and gas assets anywhere in the world, including but not limited to the parishes listed on Annex 1 hereto. 

7. Non-Solicitation. 

(a) Non-Solicitation of Customers and other Business Relationships. Except as authorized
by the Company in furtherance of your employment duties, during your employment with the Company (inclusive of any Notice Period) and for the twenty-four (24) month period following the termination of your employment (regardless of whether you
resign or are terminated, or the reason for any such resignation or termination), you shall not, without the express written consent of the Companys General Counsel (which consent may be granted or withheld in the Companys sole and
absolute discretion), whether as an employee, director, principal, partner, member, consultant, volunteer, or otherwise, directly or indirectly, (i) for the benefit of any person or entity other than the Company Group, directly or indirectly
solicit (regardless of which party initiated contact), induce, or attempt to induce (or direct or assist any person or entity for the foregoing purposes) any customer, Prospective Customer (as defined below), investor, vendor, supplier, or other
business relation of the Company Group, with whom you had business contact or as to whom you learned or obtained Confidential Information during your employment with the Company, to (A) terminate or diminish its relationship with the Company
Group, or (B) become a customer, tenant, investor, vendor, or supplier of any Competitive Business, or (ii) interfere with, diminish, appropriate, seize, solicit, divert, or usurp any business, commercial, investment, financial, strategic,
or other opportunity or project of or relating to any member of the Company Group of which you became aware of through or as a result of your employment with the Company. For the purposes of this Paragraph 7(a), Prospective
Customer means any person or entity that you or the Company have directly solicited, including either meeting with such person or entity regarding a prospective engagement or transaction or scheduling or making substantial preparations for
such a meeting, within the twelve (12) months prior to the termination of your employment with the Company. 

(b) Non-Solicitation of Personnel. You agree that during your employment with the Company (inclusive of any Notice Period) and for the twenty-four (24) month period following the termination of your employment
(regardless of whether you resign or are terminated, or the reason for any such resignation or termination), you shall not, without the express written consent of the Companys General Counsel (which consent may be granted or withheld in the
Companys sole and absolute discretion), directly or indirectly, solicit, hire, recruit, employ, engage, or retain; aid, assist, direct, or encourage others to solicit, hire, recruit, or retain; or directly or indirectly, supervise, work with,
work alongside of, or work for any person who as of such date, or at some time during the twelve (12) months preceding such date, is or was a member, partner, principal, owner, officer, director, employee, contractor, or consultant of the
Company or any member of the Company Group. 

8. Non-Disparagement;Non-Publicity. Except as provided in Paragraph 2(c) above, you agree that, both during and after your employment, (a) you will not, whether in private or in public, directly or indirectly, make, publish,
encourage, ratify, or authorize, or aid, assist, or direct any other person or entity in making or publishing, any statements that in any way defame, criticize, malign, impugn, reflect negatively on, or disparage any Company Party, or place any
Company Party in a negative light, in any 

5 

manner whatsoever; and (b) absent the explicit written approval of the Companys General Counsel, you will not (i) comment upon or discuss any of the Company Parties (whether
disparagingly or otherwise) on any Media (as defined below); (ii) make any statement, posting, or other communication in, on, to, or through any media (whether print, television, radio, the internet, social media, or with or through any reporter,
blogger, app (such as Instagram, Snapchat, X (formerly known as Twitter), TikTok, or the like), or otherwise, collectively Media) that purports to be on behalf of any Company Party, or which a third party may perceive
(A) has been authorized, approved, or endorsed by a Company Party or (B) reflects the views of any Company Party; (iii) share, post, transmit, or upload any material related to any of the Company Parties (regardless of whether such
comments, statements, or material are disparaging) with, to, through, or on any Media; (iv) utilize your Company email account on any Media or for any other non-work purpose; (v) utilize any Company
Partys logo, graphics, trade names, or trademarks on any Media or for any other purpose; (vi) provide any Company Partys promotional material to any Media outlet; or (vii) aid, assist, or direct any other person or entity to do
any of the foregoing. 

9. Reasonableness/Tolling. You hereby acknowledge that the limitations set forth in Paragraphs 1
through 8 of this Agreement are fair, reasonable, and necessary for the protection of the Company Parties and their businesses, and will not prevent you from earning a livelihood after the termination of your employment with the Company. You
recognize that these restrictions are appropriate based on the access to the Companys Confidential Information that you will enjoy, the access to Company investors and prospective investors that you will have as a result of your employment and
position with the Company, and the risk of unfair competition that the Company will face absent such restrictions. You agree that should you breach any of the provisions of Paragraphs 6 or 7, above, the running of the applicable restricted period
shall be tolled during the period of such breach. 

10. Remedy for Breach. You agree that your breach or threatened breach of
any of the restrictions set forth in Paragraphs 1 through 8 and/or Paragraph 11 of this Agreement will result in irreparable and continuing damage to the Company Parties for which there is no adequate remedy at law. Thus, in addition to the
Companys right to arbitrate disputes hereunder, the Company Parties shall be entitled to obtain emergency equitable relief, including a temporary restraining order and/or preliminary injunction, in aid of arbitration, from any state or federal
court of competent jurisdiction and/or from the American Arbitration Association (AAA), without first posting a bond, to restrain any such breach or threatened breach. In any proceeding for emergency equitable relief and upon any
motion for a temporary or permanent injunction, the Companys right to receive monetary damages shall not be a bar or interposed as a defense to the granting of such relief. The Companys right to equitable relief hereunder is in addition
to, and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies available to the Company Parties under law or in equity. Upon the issuance (or denial) of an injunction, the underlying merits of any dispute will be resolved in accordance with the arbitration
provisions of Paragraph 11 of this Agreement. 

11. Arbitration. 

(a) Except as provided in Paragraph 10 of this Agreement, the parties irrevocably and unconditionally agree that any past, present, or
future dispute, controversy, or claim arising under or relating to this Agreement or the Offer Letter; arising under any federal, state, local, or foreign statute, regulation, constitution, law, ordinance, or the common law; or arising in connection
with your employment or affiliation or the termination thereof; involving you, on the one hand, and any of the Company Parties, on the other hand, including both claims brought by you and claims brought against you, shall be submitted for resolution
to binding arbitration as provided herein. Except as provided in Paragraph 10 or Paragraph 11(c) hereof, you waive any right or ability to participate in any court proceeding, including any class, collective, or multi-party action, against any of
the Company Parties. You also agree to bring arbitrations only on an individual basis, and not (i) as a co-claimant with any other individual(s) against any of the

6 

Company Parties, or (ii) on a putative class or collective basis. Any such arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1 et
seq. (FAA); shall be administered by the AAA; shall be conducted in accordance with AAAs Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures (AAA Rules), as modified herein; and shall be conducted by a single
arbitrator, who shall be a partner at an AmLaw 200 law firm based in Houston, Texas. Such arbitration will be conducted in Houston, Texas, and the arbitrator will apply Texas law, including federal statutory law as applied in Texas
courts, except to the extent such law is inconsistent with the FAA. The arbitral award shall be in writing, shall state the reasons for the award, and shall be final and binding on the parties. In the event any of the Company Parties substantially
prevails in an action involving your breach of any provision of Paragraphs 1 through 8 or 11 hereunder, such party shall be entitled to an award including its reasonable attorneys fees and costs, to the extent such an award is permitted by
law. The arbitrator otherwise shall not have authority to award attorneys fees or costs, punitive damages, compensatory damages, damages for emotional distress, penalties, lost opportunities, or any other damages or relief not measured by the
prevailing partys actual out-of-pocket losses, except to the extent such relief is explicitly available under a statute, ordinance, or regulation pursuant to which
a successful claim is brought. In agreeing to arbitrate your claims hereunder, you hereby recognize and agree that you are waiving your right to a trial in court and/or by a jury. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Paragraph 11 shall be
construed in a manner that would violate any law or require the arbitration of a claim that is explicitly excluded from compulsory arbitration under the terms of the FAA. 

(b) Except as otherwise provided herein, you shall treat the arbitration under this Paragraph 11 as strictly confidential, and you shall
not disclose the existence or nature of any claim, defense, or argument; any documents, correspondence, pleadings, briefing, exhibits, arguments, testimony, evidence, or information exchanged or presented in connection with any claim, defense, or
argument; or any rulings, decisions, or results of any claim, defense, or argument (collectively, Arbitration Materials) to any third party, with the sole exception of your legal counsel, who you shall ensure complies with these
confidentiality terms. In the event of any court proceeding to challenge or enforce an arbitrators award under Paragraph 11(a), the parties hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in Houston, Texas;
agree to exclusive venue in that jurisdiction; and waive any claim that such jurisdiction is an inconvenient or inappropriate forum. There shall be no interlocutory appeals to any court of any order issued in accordance with Paragraph 11(a) or
11(b), or any motions in any court to vacate any arbitral order except (i) a final award on the merits issued in accordance with AAA Rule 39, or (ii) a final Interim Award issued in accordance with Optional Rule 4 which (A) concludes
that the AAA lacks jurisdiction over the dispute and (B) dismisses the matter in its entirety. The parties agree to take all steps necessary to protect the confidentiality of the Arbitration Materials and all Confidential Information in
connection with any court proceeding, agree to use their reasonable best efforts to file any court proceeding permitted herein and all Confidential Information (and all documents containing Confidential Information) under seal, and agree to the
entry of an appropriate protective order encompassing the confidentiality terms of this Agreement. 

12. Entire Agreement; No
Waiver. This Agreement, together with the Offer Letter to which it is attached, replaces and supersedes any and all previous or existing agreements, arrangements, or understandings, whether oral or written, between you and any member of the
Company Group relating to the terms and conditions of your employment with the Company and your relationship with the Company Parties. You specifically acknowledge and agree that notwithstanding any discussions or negotiations you may have had with
any of the Company Parties prior to the execution of this Agreement, you are not relying on any promises or assurances other than those explicitly contained in this Agreement or the Offer Letter. This Agreement and the Offer Letter contain the
entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the matters set forth herein, and the terms and conditions of your employment can be modified 

7 

only in an agreement signed by you and the Companys General Counsel. No provision of this Agreement may be amended modified, waived, or discharged except as agreed to in a writing signed by
both you and the Companys General Counsel. The failure of a party to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Agreement on any occasion shall not be considered a waiver thereof or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist
upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Agreement. 

13. Construction/Severability. The headings in this
Agreement are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be interpreted strictly in accordance with its terms, to the maximum extent permissible under governing law, and
shall not be construed against or in favor of any party, regardless of which party drafted this Agreement or any provision hereof. For purposes of this Agreement, the connectives and, or, and and/or shall be
construed either disjunctively or conjunctively as necessary to bring within the scope of a sentence or clause all subject matter that might otherwise be construed to be outside of its scope, and including shall be construed as
including without limitation. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be unenforceable as a matter of governing law, an arbitrator or reviewing court shall have the authority to blue pencil or otherwise modify
such provision so as to render it enforceable while maintaining the parties original intent to the maximum extent possible. Each provision of this Agreement is severable from the other provisions hereof, and if one or more provisions hereof
are declared invalid, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect. The terms of this Agreement shall survive the termination of your employment with the Company, regardless of whether you resign or are terminated or
the reason for any such resignation or termination. 

14. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Texas applicable to agreements made and/or to be performed in that State, without regard to any principles of conflicts of law. 

15. Third Party Beneficiaries. Each and all of the Company Parties are intended to be, and are, third party beneficiaries of this
Agreement and shall be entitled to enforce this Agreement in accordance with its terms. 

16. Counterparts. This Agreement may
be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and both of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile, PDF, and other true and accurate copies of this Agreement shall have the same force and effect
as originals hereof. 

* * * * * *

To confirm your agreement with all of the terms and conditions provided herein, please sign, date, and return one copy of this Agreement, together with
the Offer Letter to which it is attached. 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED: 

/s/ Paul R. Goodfellow

Paul R. Goodfellow 

February 2, 2025

Date 

8 

Annex 1 

The following parishes within the State of Louisiana: Acadia, Allen, Ascension, Assumption, Avoyelles, Beauregard, Bienville, Bossier, Caddo,
Calcasieu, Caldwell, Cameron, Catahoula, Claiborne, De Soto, East Baton Rouge, East Carroll, East Feliciana, Evangeline, Franklin, Grant, Iberia, Iberville, Jackson, Jefferson, Jefferson David, La Salle, Lafayette, Lafourche, Lincoln, Livingston,
Madison, Morehouse, Natchitoches, Orleans, Ouachita, Plaquemines, Pointe Coupee, Rapides, Red River, Richland, Sabine, St. Bernard, St. Charles, St. Helena, St. James, St. John the Baptist, St. Landry, St. Martin, St. Mary, St. Tammany, Tangipahoa,
Tensas, Terrebone, Union, Vermillion, Vernon, Washington, Webster, West Baton Rouge, West Carroll, West Feliciana, Winn. 

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d845029dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

February 2, 2025 

Paul R. Goodfellow 

Re: Participation Agreement 
Talos Energy Operating Company LLC Amended and Restated Executive Severance Plan 

Dear Paul: 

We are pleased to inform you that you have been designated as eligible to participate in the Talos Energy Operating Company LLC Amended and
Restated Executive Severance Plan (as it may be amended from time to time, the Plan), as a Tier 1 Executive, effective as of the date that you commence serving as Talos Energy Inc.s President and Chief Executive Officer.
Your participation in the Plan is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and your execution and delivery of this agreement, which constitutes a Participation Agreement (as defined in the Plan). A copy of the Plan is attached hereto as
Annex A and is incorporated herein and deemed to be part of this Participation Agreement for all purposes. 

In signing below, you
expressly agree to be bound by, and promise to abide by, the terms of Sections 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11 of the Plan, which create certain restrictions with respect to confidentiality, non-solicitation, ownership of
intellectual property, non-disparagement and post-termination cooperation. You agree that the covenants within Sections 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11 of the Plan are reasonable in all respects. You further acknowledge
and agree that nothing herein shall be deemed to amend or supersede the terms of that certain Offer Letter Agreement entered into between you and the Company on or about February 2, 2025 (the Employment Agreement), including
its Exhibit A Confidentiality and Restrictive Covenant Agreement (the Confidentiality Agreement), and that, to the extent there is a conflict between the restrictive covenants to which you are bound pursuant to this Participation
Agreement, the Plan, the Employment Agreement, and the Confidentiality Agreement that cannot be resolved by the application of such restrictive covenants simultaneously, you acknowledge and agree that the more restrictive and Company Party
protective covenant that may be enforced under applicable law shall apply. 

You acknowledge and agree that the Plan and this Participation
Agreement supersede all prior severance benefit policies, plans and arrangements of the Company or any other member of the Company Group (and supersedes all prior oral or written communications by the Company or any of other member of the Company
Group with respect to severance benefits), and all such prior policies, plans, arrangements and communications are hereby null and void and of no further force and effect with respect to your participation therein. 

You further acknowledge and agree that (i) you have fully read, understand and voluntarily enter into this Participation Agreement and
(ii) you have had a sufficient opportunity to consult with your personal tax, financial planning advisor and attorney about the tax, financial and legal consequences of your participation in the Plan before signing this Participation Agreement.

Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Participation Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan.
This Participation Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

Please execute this Participation Agreement in the space provided below and send a fully executed copy to William S. Moss III no later than
February 3, 2025. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

Sincerely,

TALOS ENERGY OPERATING COMPANY LLC

By: 

/s/ William S. Moss III

Name: William S. Moss III

Title: President, General Counsel and Secretary

AGREED AND ACCEPTED

this 2nd day of
February, 2025 by:

/s/ Paul R. Goodfellow

Paul R. Goodfellow

ANNEX A 

TALOS ENERGY OPERATING COMPANY LLC 

AMENDED AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE PLAN 

1. Purpose. Talos Energy Operating Company LLC (the Company), has adopted the Talos Energy Operating
Company LLC Amended and Restated Executive Severance Plan (the Plan) to provide severance pay and benefits to eligible officers and management employees who are Eligible Executives (as defined below) and whose employment is
terminated on or after October 21, 2020 (the Effective Date). The Plan is intended to be maintained primarily for the purpose of providing benefits for a select group of management or highly compensated employees. 

2. Definitions. For purposes of the Plan, the following terms shall have the respective meanings set forth below: 

(a) Accrued Amounts means (i) all accrued and unpaid Base Salary through the Date of Termination, which shall
be paid within 10 business days following the Date of Termination (or earlier if required by applicable law); (ii) reimbursement for all incurred but unreimbursed expenses for which an Eligible Executive is entitled to reimbursement in accordance
with the expense reimbursement policies of the Company in effect as of the Date of Termination; and (iii) benefits to which an Eligible Executive may be entitled pursuant to the terms of any plan or policy sponsored by the Company or any of its
Affiliates as in effect from time to time. 

(b) Affiliate means with respect to any person, any other person
that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, the person in question. As used herein, the term control means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to
direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

(c) Applicable March 15 means March 15 of the calendar year following the
calendar year in which the Date of Termination occurs. 

(d) Applicable Period means (i) with respect to
each Tier 1 Executive, a period of 24 months beginning on the Eligible Executives Date of Termination; and (ii) with respect to each Tier 2 Executive, a period of 18 months beginning on the Eligible Executives Date of Termination.

(e) Applicable Severance Multiple means (i) with respect to each Tier 1 Executive, 2.0; and (ii) with
respect to each Tier 2 Executive, 1.5. 

(f) Applicable CIC Severance Multiple means (i) with respect to
each Tier 1 Executive, 2.5; and (ii) with respect to each Tier 2 Executive, 2.0. 

(g) Base Salary means the
amount an Eligible Executive is entitled to receive as base salary on an annualized basis, calculated as of the Date of Termination, including any amounts that an Eligible Executive could have received in cash had he not elected to contribute to an
employee benefit plan maintained by the Company, but excluding all annual cash incentive awards, bonuses, equity awards, and incentive compensation payable by the Company as consideration for an Eligible Executives services. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the event of a reduction in an Eligible Executives Base Salary resulting in such Eligible Executives resignation for Good Reason, for purposes of determining such Eligible Executives Severance Amount, such
Eligible Executives Base Salary shall be deemed to be that in effect immediately prior to such reduction. 

(h) Board means the Board of Directors of Talos Energy Inc. 

(i) Cause means (i) an Eligible Executives material breach of the Plan or any other written agreement
between such Eligible Executive and one or more members of the Company Group, including such Eligible Executives breach of any representation, warranty or covenant made under any such agreement; (ii) an Eligible Executives material
breach of any law applicable to the workplace or employment relationship, or an Eligible Executives material breach of any material policy or code of conduct established by a member of the Company Group and applicable to such Eligible
Executive, including the Companys policies on discrimination, harassment and sexual harassment; (iii) an Eligible Executives gross negligence, willful misconduct, breach of fiduciary duty, fraud, theft or embezzlement on the part of
such Eligible Executive; (iv) the commission by an Eligible Executive of, or conviction or indictment of an Eligible Executive for, or plea of nolo contendere by an Eligible Executive to, any felony (or state law equivalent) or any crime
involving moral turpitude; or (v) an Eligible Executives willful failure or refusal, other than due to Disability, to perform such Eligible Executives obligations pursuant to the Plan or to follow any lawful directive from the
Company, as determined by the Company; provided, however, that if such Eligible Executives actions or omissions as set forth in the preceding clause (v) are of such a nature that the Company determines that they are curable by such
Eligible Executive, such actions or omissions must remain uncured 30 days after the Company first provided Employee written notice of the obligation to cure such actions or omissions. 

(j) Change in Control has the meaning assigned to such term in the LTIP, as in effect from time to time. 

(k) COBRA means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended. 

(l) COBRA Continuation Period means the period beginning on the first day of the first calendar month following such
Eligible Executives Date of Termination and continuing for a number of months thereafter equal to such Eligible Executives Applicable Period; provided, however, that the COBRA Continuation Period shall immediately terminate upon the
earlier of (i) the time such Eligible Executive becomes eligible to be covered under a group health plan sponsored by another employer (and such Eligible Executive shall promptly notify the Company in the event that such Eligible Executive
becomes so eligible) or (ii) the date such Eligible Executive is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage. 

(m)
Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

(n) Committee means the
Compensation Committee of the Board or such other committee designated by the Board to administer the Plan. 

(o) Company
Group means Talos Energy Inc. and each of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including the Company. 

2 

(p) Confidential Information means all trade secrets, non-public information, proprietary information, knowledge, data, designs, ideas, concepts, improvements, product developments, discoveries and inventions, whether patentable or not, that are conceived, made,
developed or acquired by or disclosed to an Eligible Executive, individually or in conjunction with others, during the period that the Eligible Executive is employed by the Company or any other member of the Company Group (whether during business
hours or otherwise and whether on the Companys premises or otherwise) that relate to any member of the Company Groups businesses or properties, products or services (including all such information relating to corporate opportunities,
operations, future plans, proposals, products, marketing, selling, budgets, licenses, prices, transactions, costs, recipes, production techniques, methods of doing business, business plans, strategies for developing business and market share,
research, financial and sales data, pricing terms, evaluations, opinions, interpretations, acquisition prospects, the identity of customers or acquisition targets or their requirements, the identity of key contacts within customers
organizations or within the organization of acquisition prospects, or marketing and merchandising techniques, prospective names and marks). Moreover, all documents, videotapes, written presentations, brochures, drawings, memoranda, notes, records,
files, correspondence, manuals, models, specifications, computer programs, e-mail, voice mail, electronic databases, maps, drawings, architectural renditions, models and all other writings or materials of any
type including or embodying any of such information, ideas, concepts, improvements, discoveries, inventions and other similar forms of expression are and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company Group, and be subject to the same
restrictions on disclosure applicable to all Confidential Information pursuant to the Plan. For purposes of the Plan, Confidential Information shall not include any information that (i) is or becomes generally available to the public other than
as a result of a disclosure or wrongful act of the Eligible Executive or any of the Eligible Executives agents; (ii) was available to the Eligible Executive on a non-confidential basis before its
disclosure by a member of the Company Group; or (iii) becomes available to the Eligible Executive on a non-confidential basis from a source other than a member of the Company Group; provided, however,
that such source is not bound by a confidentiality agreement with, or other obligation with respect to confidentiality to, a member of the Company Group. 

(q) Date of Termination means the effective date of the termination of an Eligible Executives employment with
the Company and its Affiliates, as applicable, such that the Eligible Executive is no longer employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates. 

(r) Disability means an Eligible Executive is unable to perform the essential functions of such Eligible
Executives position (after accounting for reasonable accommodation, if applicable and required by applicable law), due to physical or mental impairment or other incapacity that continues, or can reasonably be expected to continue, for a period
in excess of 120 consecutive days or 180 days, whether or not consecutive (or for any longer period as may be required by applicable law), in any 12-month period. The determination of whether an Eligible
Executive has incurred a Disability shall be made in good faith by the Company. 

(s) Eligible Executive means
any employee of the Company or an Affiliate of the Company who (i) is designated by the Committee as an Eligible Executive who is eligible to participate in the Plan; (ii) has executed and returned a Participation Agreement to
the Company; (iii) is not covered under any other severance plan, policy, program or arrangement sponsored or maintained by the Company or any of its Affiliates; and (iv) is not a party to an employment or severance agreement with the
Company or any of its Affiliates pursuant to which such employee is eligible for severance payments or benefits. The Committee shall have the sole discretion to determine whether an employee is an Eligible Executive. Eligible Executives shall be
limited to a select group of management or highly compensated employees within the meaning of Sections 201, 301 and 401 of ERISA. 

3 

(t) ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended. 

(u) Good Reason means (i) a material diminution in an Eligible Executives Base
Salary or authority, duties or responsibilities with the Company or its Affiliates; (ii) a material breach by the Company of any of its obligations under the Plan; or (iii) a relocation of the geographic location of an Eligible
Executives principal place of employment by more than 50 miles from the location of such Eligible Executives principal place of employment as of the Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this definition or any other
provision of the Plan to the contrary, any assertion by an Eligible Executive of a termination for Good Reason shall not be effective unless all of the following conditions are satisfied: (A) the condition described in this definition giving
rise to such Eligible Executives termination of employment must have arisen without such Eligible Executives consent; (B) such Eligible Executive must provide written notice to the Company of the existence of such condition(s)
within 30 days after the initial occurrence of such condition(s); (C) the condition(s) specified in such notice must remain uncorrected for 30 days following the Companys receipt of such written notice; and (D) the date of such Eligible
Executives termination of employment must occur within 90 days after the initial occurrence of the condition(s) specified in such notice. 

(v) LTIP means the Talos Energy Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan, as the same may be amended, restated or otherwise
modified from time to time or any successor plan thereto. 

(w) Participation Agreement means the participation
agreement delivered to each Eligible Executive by the Committee prior to his or her entry into the Plan evidencing the Eligible Executives agreement to participate in the Plan and to comply with all terms, conditions and restrictions within
the Plan. 

(x) Prior Year Annual Bonus means any earned but unpaid annual cash bonus that an Eligible Executive
earned for the fiscal year of the Company ending prior to the Date of Termination. 

(y) Prohibited Period means
the period during which an Eligible Executive is employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates and continuing through the last day of the Eligible Executives Applicable Period following the Eligible Executives Date of Termination.

(z) Pro-Rata Annual Bonus means an amount equal to the annual cash
bonus that an Eligible Executive would have been entitled to receive for the fiscal year of the Company in which the Date of Termination occurs based on actual performance (as determined by the Committee following the end of such fiscal year in
accordance with the LTIP or any successor plan thereto), multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in such fiscal year during which such Eligible Executive was employed by the Company and its Affiliates, and the
denominator of which is 365. 

(aa) Qualifying Termination means the termination of an Eligible Executives
employment (i) by the Company without Cause (which, for the avoidance of doubt, does not include a termination due to death or Disability); or (ii) due to an Eligible Executives resignation for Good Reason. 

4 

(aa) Release Requirement means the requirement that an Eligible
Executive execute and deliver to the Company a general release of claims, in a form acceptable to the Company, on or prior to the date that is 21 days following the date upon which the Company delivers the release to an Eligible Executive (which
shall occur no later than seven days following the Date of Termination) or, in the event that such termination of employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in
the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended), the date that is 45 days following such delivery date. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision in the Plan to the contrary, the Release Requirement shall not be considered
satisfied if the release described in the preceding sentence is revoked by the Eligible Executive within any time provided by the Company for such revocation. 

(bb) Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code and the Department of
Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including any such regulations or guidance that may be amended or issued after the Effective Date. 

(cc) Severance Amount means, with respect to an Eligible Executive, an amount equal to the product of (i) the
Applicable Severance Multiple or, in the event of a Qualifying Termination that occurs within the 24-month period following a Change in Control, the Applicable CIC Severance Multiple and (ii) the sum of
such Eligible Executives (A) Base Salary and (B) Target Annual Bonus. 

(dd) Target Annual Bonus
means the target amount of an Eligible Executives annual cash bonus immediately prior to the Date of Termination; provided, however, in the event such Date of Termination occurs during the 24 months following a Change in Control, the Target
Annual Bonus shall mean the greater of (i) the target amount of an Eligible Executives annual cash bonus immediately prior to the Date of Termination and (ii) the target amount of an Eligible Executives annual cash bonus
immediately prior to the Change in Control. 

(ee) Tier means an Executive Tier used for purposes of
determining the level of severance benefits an Eligible Executive is eligible to receive. Each Eligible Executive shall be designated by the Committee as a Tier 1 Executive or a Tier 2 Executive. 

3. Administration of the Plan. 

(a) Administration by the Committee. The Committee shall be responsible for the management and control of the operation and the
administration of the Plan, including interpretation of the Plan, decisions pertaining to eligibility to participate in the Plan, computation of severance benefits, granting or denial of severance benefit claims and review of claims denials. The
Committee has absolute discretion in the exercise of its powers and responsibilities. For this purpose, the Committees powers shall include the following authority, in addition to all other powers provided by the Plan: 

(i) to make and enforce such rules and regulations as it deems necessary or proper for the efficient administration of the Plan; 

5 

(ii) to interpret the Plan, the Committees interpretation thereof to be final and
conclusive on all persons claiming benefits under the Plan; 

(iii) to decide all questions concerning the Plan and the eligibility of any
person to participate in the Plan, and to designate each Eligible Executive as either a Tier 1 Executive or a Tier 2 Executive; 

(iv) to
make a determination as to the right of any person to a benefit under the Plan (including to determine whether and when there has been a termination of an Eligible Executives employment and the cause of such termination); 

(v) to appoint such agents, counsel, accountants, consultants, claims administrator and other persons as may be required to assist in
administering the Plan; 

(vi) to allocate and delegate its responsibilities under the Plan and to designate other persons to carry out
any of its responsibilities under the Plan, any such allocation, delegation or designation to be in writing; 

(vii) to sue or cause suit
to be brought in the name of the Plan; and 

(viii) to obtain from the Company, its Affiliates and from Eligible Executives such
information as is necessary for the proper administration of the Plan. 

(b) Indemnification of the Committee. The Company shall,
without limiting any rights that the Committee may have under the Companys charter or bylaws, applicable law or otherwise, indemnify and hold harmless the Committee and each member thereof (and any other individual acting on behalf of the
Committee or any member thereof) against any and all expenses and liabilities arising out of such persons administrative functions or fiduciary responsibilities, excepting only expenses and liabilities arising out of the persons own
gross negligence or willful misconduct. Expenses against which such person shall be indemnified hereunder include the amounts of any settlement, judgment, attorneys fees, costs of court, and any other related charges reasonably incurred in
connection with a claim, proceeding, settlement, or other action under the Plan. 

(c) Compensation and Expenses. The Committee
shall not receive additional compensation with respect to services for the Plan. To the extent required by applicable law, but not otherwise, the Committee shall furnish bond or security for the performance of their duties hereunder. Any expenses
properly incurred by the Committee incident to the administration, termination or protection of the Plan, including the cost of furnishing bond, shall be paid by the Company. 

(d) Plan Year. The plan year for the Plan shall be the 12-month period beginning each January
1; provided, however, that the first plan year for the Plan shall begin on the Effective Date and shall end on December 31, 2018. 

4. Eligibility. Only individuals who are Eligible Executives may participate in the Plan. The Committee has full and absolute
discretion to determine and select which employees of the Company and its Affiliates are Eligible Executives. Once an employee has been designated as an Eligible Executive, he or she shall automatically continue to be an Eligible Executive until he
or she ceases to be an employee or is removed as an Eligible Executive by the Committee; 

6 

provided, however, that if an employee is an Eligible Executive as of the date of a Change in Control, then he or she may not be removed as an Eligible Executive by the Committee during
the 12-month period following the date of such Change in Control. The Plan shall supersede all prior practices, policies, procedures and plans relating to severance benefits from the Company and its Affiliates
with respect to the Eligible Executives. 

5. Plan Benefits. 

(a) Qualifying Termination. In the event an Eligible Executives employment with the Company and, as applicable, each of its
Affiliates, ends due to a Qualifying Termination, such Eligible Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts, and so long as such Eligible Executive satisfies the Release Requirement and abides by the terms of Sections 7,
8, 9, 10 and 11 below, such Eligible Executive shall also be entitled to receive: 

(i) A lump sum severance
payment to such Eligible Executive in an amount equal to the Severance Amount, payable on or prior to the Companys first regularly scheduled pay date that on or after the date that is 60 days after such Eligible Executives Date of
Termination; 

(ii) The Prior Year Annual Bonus, if applicable, payable in a lump sum at the time annual bonuses for such prior fiscal
year are paid to executives of the Company, but in no event later than the Applicable March 15; 

(iii) A
Pro-Rata Annual Bonus for the fiscal year of the Company in which the Date of Termination occurs, payable in a lump sum at the time annual bonuses for such fiscal year are paid to executives of the Company,
but in no event later than the Applicable March 15; and 

(iv) If such Eligible Executive timely and properly elects to continue coverage
for such Eligible Executive and such Eligible Executives spouse and eligible dependents, if any, under the Companys group health plans pursuant to COBRA, similar in the amounts and types of coverage provided under the Companys
group health plans to such Eligible Executive prior to such Eligible Executives Date of Termination, then during the COBRA Continuation Period (as defined below), the Company shall provide a subsidy, which subsidy shall be paid directly to the
applicable COBRA administrator, on a monthly basis for the difference between the amount such Eligible Executive pays to effect and continue such coverage and the employee contribution amount that active executive employees of the Company pay for
the same or similar coverage under such group health plans (the COBRA Benefit). Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Section 5(a)(iv) to the contrary, (A) the election
of COBRA continuation coverage and the payment of any premiums due with respect to such COBRA continuation coverage will remain such Eligible Executives sole responsibility, and the Company will assume no obligation for payment of any such
premiums relating to such COBRA continuation coverage and (B) if the provision of the benefit described in this Section 5(a)(iv) cannot be provided in the manner described above without penalty, tax, or other adverse
impact on the Company, then the Company and such Eligible Executive shall negotiate in good faith to determine an alternative manner in which the Company may provide a substantially equivalent benefit to such Eligible Executive without such adverse
impact on the Company. If such Eligible Executive has not become eligible to be covered under a group health plan sponsored by another employer by the earlier of end of the COBRA Continuation Period or December 1 of the calendar

7 

year following the calendar year in which such Eligible Executives Date of Termination occurs (such earlier date being the COBRA Payment Trigger Date), then, on
the Companys first regularly scheduled pay date following the COBRA Payment Trigger Date (but in no event later than December 31 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the such Eligible Executives Date of
Termination occurs), the Company shall pay to Executive a lump sum cash payment equal to (A) the difference between the amount such Eligible Executive paid to effect and continue coverage for such Eligible Executive and his or her spouse and
eligible dependents and the employee contribution amount that active executive employees of the Company pay for the same or similar coverage under such group health plans, if any, under the Companys group health plan for the complete calendar
month next preceding the COBRA Payment Trigger Date, multiplied by (B) the number of complete calendar months remaining in such Eligible Executives Applicable Period. 

(b) Termination as a Result of Death or Disability. In the event an Eligible Executives employment with the Company and, as
applicable, each of its Affiliates, ends due to such Eligible Executives death or Disability, such Eligible Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts, and so long as such Eligible Executive (or the executor of such Eligible
Executives estate or such Eligible Executives legal guardian, as applicable) satisfies the Release Requirement and abides by the terms of Sections 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11 below, such Eligible Executive shall
also be entitled to receive: 

(i) The Prior Year Annual Bonus, if applicable, payable in a lump sum at the time annual bonuses for such
prior fiscal year are paid to executives of the Company, but in no event later than the Applicable March 15; and 

(ii) A Pro-Rata Annual Bonus for the fiscal year of the Company in which the Date of Termination occurs, payable in a lump sum at the time annual bonuses for such fiscal year are paid to executives of the Company, but in
no event later than the Applicable March 15. 

(c) Other Non-Qualifying Terminations of
Employment. In the event that an Eligible Executives employment with the Company and, as applicable, each of its Affiliates terminates other than pursuant to a Qualifying Termination or as a result of death or Disability, then all
compensation and benefits to such Eligible Executive shall terminate contemporaneously with such termination of employment, except that such Eligible Executive shall be entitled to the Accrued Amounts. 

(d) After-Acquired Evidence. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in the event that the Company determines that
an Eligible Executive is eligible to receive the Severance Amount and other severance benefits pursuant to Sections 5(a) and (b) but, after such determination, the Company subsequently acquires evidence or determines that:
(i) such Eligible Executive has failed to abide by the terms of Sections 7, 8, 9, 10 or 11; or (ii) a Cause condition existed prior to the Date of Termination that, had the Company been fully aware of
such condition, would have given the Company the right to terminate such Eligible Executives employment for Cause, then the Company shall have the right to cease the payment of the Severance Amount and to cease providing any other severance
benefits under Sections 5(a) and (b), and such Eligible Executive shall promptly return to the Company any payment of the Severance Amount and any other severance benefits received by such Eligible Executive prior to the date that the
Company determines that the conditions of this Section 5(d) have been satisfied. 

8 

6. Certain Excise Taxes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan,
if an Eligible Executive is a disqualified individual (as defined in Section 280G(c) of the Code), and the payments and benefits provided for in the Plan, together with any other payments and benefits which such Eligible Executive
has the right to receive from the Company or any of its Affiliates, would constitute a parachute payment (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code), then the payments and benefits provided for in the Plan shall be either
(a) reduced (but not below zero) so that the present value of such total amounts and benefits received by such Eligible Executive from the Company and its Affiliates will be one dollar ($1.00) less than three times such Eligible
Executives base amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of such amounts and benefits received by such Eligible Executive shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of
the Code or (b) paid in full, whichever produces the better net after- tax position to such Eligible Executive (taking into account any applicable excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code and any other applicable taxes). The reduction of
payments and benefits hereunder, if applicable, shall be made by reducing, first, payments or benefits to be paid in cash hereunder in the order in which such payment or benefit would be paid or provided (beginning with such payment or benefit that
would be made last in time and continuing, to the extent necessary, through to such payment or benefit that would be made first in time) and, then, reducing any benefit to be provided in-kind hereunder in a
similar order. The determination as to whether any such reduction in the amount of the payments and benefits provided hereunder is necessary shall be made by the Company in good faith. If a reduced payment or benefit is made or provided and through
error or otherwise that payment or benefit, when aggregated with other payments and benefits from the Company (or its Affiliates) used in determining if a parachute payment exists, exceeds one dollar ($1.00) less than three times such
Eligible Executives base amount, then such Eligible Executive shall immediately repay such excess to the Company upon notification that an overpayment has been made. Nothing in this Section 6 shall require the Company
to be responsible for, or have any liability or obligation with respect to, such Eligible Executives excise tax liabilities under Section 4999 of the Code. 

7. Confidentiality. During the period in which an Eligible Executive participates in the Plan, the Eligible Executive shall be
provided with, and will have access to, Confidential Information. In consideration of such Eligible Executives receipt of Confidential Information and access to such Confidential Information and in exchange for other valuable consideration
provided hereunder, and as a condition to participation in the Plan, each Eligible Executive shall be subject to the covenants and restrictions in this Section 7 and in Sections 8, 9, 10, 11 and
12. 

(a) In General. Both during the period in which an Eligible Executive is employed by or affiliated with the Company and
thereafter, except as expressly permitted by the Plan or by directive of the Board, the Eligible Executive shall not disclose any Confidential Information to any person or entity and shall not use any Confidential Information except for the benefit
of the Company Group. Each Eligible Executive acknowledges and agrees that such Eligible Executive would inevitably use and disclose Confidential Information in violation of this Section 7 if such Eligible Executive were to
violate any of the covenants set forth in Section 8. Each Eligible Executive shall follow all Company policies and protocols regarding the physical security of all documents and other materials containing Confidential
Information (regardless of the medium on which Confidential Information is stored). The covenants of this Section 7(a) shall apply to all Confidential Information, whether now known or later to become known to an Eligible
Executive during the period that such Eligible Executive is employed by or affiliated with the Company or any other member of the Company Group. 

9 

(b) Permitted Disclosures. Notwithstanding any provision of
Section 7(a) to the contrary, an Eligible Executive may make the following disclosures and uses of Confidential Information: (i) disclosures to other employees of the Company Group who have a need to know the
information in connection with the businesses of the Company Group; (ii) disclosures to customers and suppliers when, in the reasonable and good faith belief of the Eligible Executive, such disclosure is in connection with the Eligible
Executives performance of his or her duties for the Company and is in the best interests of the Company; (iii) disclosures and uses that are approved in writing by the Company; or (iv) disclosures to a person or entity that has
(A) been retained by a member of the Company Group to provide services to one or more members of the Company Group and (B) agreed in writing to abide by the terms of a confidentiality agreement. 

(c) Return of Confidential Information. Upon the termination of the Eligible Executives employment with the Company and at any
other time upon request of the Company, an Eligible Executive shall promptly surrender and deliver to the Company all documents (including electronically stored information) and all copies thereof and all other materials of any nature containing or
pertaining to all Confidential Information and any other Company Group property (including any Company Group-issued computer, mobile device or other equipment) in the Eligible Executives possession, custody or control and the Eligible
Executive shall not retain any such documents or other materials or property of the Company Group. Within 10 days of any such request, the Eligible Executive shall certify to the Company in writing that all such documents, materials and property
have been returned to the Company. 

(d) Additional Permitted Disclosures. Nothing in the Plan (whether in this
Section 7 or otherwise) shall prohibit or restrict an Eligible Executive from lawfully (i) initiating communications directly with, cooperating with, providing information to, causing information to be provided to, or
otherwise assisting in an investigation by any governmental or regulatory agency, entity, or official(s) (collectively, Governmental Authorities) regarding a possible violation of any law; (ii) responding to any
inquiry or legal process directed to such Eligible Executive individually from any such Governmental Authorities; (iii) testifying, participating or otherwise assisting in an action or proceeding by any such Governmental Authorities relating to
a possible violation of law; (iv) making any other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of any applicable law; or (v) making disclosures to such Eligible Executives retained attorneys for the purposes of
seeking legal advice as to such Eligible Executives rights and obligations under the Plan and/or relating to legal recourse for possible violations of the Plan or any law by the Company. Additionally, pursuant to the federal Defend Trade
Secrets Act of 2016, an Eligible Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (A) is made (x) in confidence to a federal, state, or local
government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (y) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; (B) is made to such Eligible Executives attorney in relation to a lawsuit
for retaliation against such Eligible Executive for reporting a suspected violation of law; or (C) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Nor does the Plan require an
Eligible Executive to obtain prior authorization from any member of the Company Group before engaging in any conduct described in this Section 7(d), or to notify any member of the Company Group that such Eligible Executive
has engaged in any such conduct. 

10 

8. Non-Solicitation. 

(a) Access to Confidential Information and Development of Goodwill. The Company shall provide each Eligible Executive access to
Confidential Information for use only during the period during which such Eligible Executive is employed by the Company, and each Eligible Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company will be entrusting the Eligible Executive, in his unique
and special capacity, with developing the goodwill of the Company, and in consideration thereof and in consideration of the Company providing the Eligible Executive with access to Confidential Information and as an express incentive for the Company
to allow the Eligible Executive to participate in the Plan, the Eligible Executive has voluntarily agreed to the covenants set forth in this Section 8. Each Eligible Executive further agrees and acknowledges that the
limitations and restrictions set forth herein are reasonable in all respects and not oppressive, will not cause the Eligible Executive undue hardship, and are material and substantial parts of the Plan intended and necessary to protect the
Confidential Information, goodwill and substantial and legitimate business interests. 

(b) Restrictions. During the Prohibited
Period, an Eligible Executive shall not, without the prior written approval of the Company, directly or indirectly, for the Eligible Executive or on behalf of or in conjunction with any other person or entity of any nature, solicit, canvass,
approach, encourage, entice or induce any employee or contractor of any member of the Company Group to terminate his, her or its employment or engagement with any member of the Company Group. 

(c) Enforcement. Because of the difficulty of measuring economic losses to the Company Group as a result of a breach or threatened
breach of the covenants set forth in Section 7 and this Section 8, and because of the immediate and irreparable damage that would be caused to members of the Company Group for which they would have
no other adequate remedy, the Company and each other member of the Company Group shall be entitled to enforce the foregoing covenants, in the event of a breach or threatened breach, by injunctions and restraining orders from any court of competent
jurisdiction, without the necessity of showing any actual damages or that money damages would not afford an adequate remedy, and without the necessity of posting any bond or other security. The aforementioned equitable relief shall not be the
Companys or any other member of the Company Groups exclusive remedy for a breach but instead shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies available to the Company and each other member of the Company Group at law and equity.

9. Ownership of Intellectual Property. The Company shall own, and, by agreeing to participate in the Plan, each Eligible
Executive assigns, all right, title and interest (including patent rights, copyrights, trade secret rights, mask work rights, trademark rights, and all other intellectual and industrial property rights of any sort throughout the world) relating to
any and all inventions (whether or not patentable), works of authorship, mask works, designs, know-how, ideas and information authored, created, contributed to, made or conceived or reduced to practice, in
whole or in part, by the Eligible Executive during the period in which the Eligible Executive is or has been employed by or affiliated with the Company or any other member of the Company Group that either (a) relate, at the time of conception,
reduction to practice, creation, derivation or development, to any member of the Company Groups businesses or actual or anticipated research or development, or (b) were developed on any amount of the Companys or any other member of
the Company Groups time or with the use of any member of the Company Groups equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information (all of the foregoing collectively referred to herein as Company Intellectual
Property), and the Eligible Executive shall promptly disclose all Company Intellectual Property to the Company. All of each Eligible Executives works of 

11 

authorship and associated copyrights created during the period in which the Eligible Executive is employed by or affiliated with the Company or any other member of the Company Group and in the
scope of the Eligible Executives employment shall be deemed to be works made for hire within the meaning of the Copyright Act. Each Eligible Executive shall perform, during and after the period in which the Eligible Executive is or
has been employed by or affiliated with the Company or any other member of the Company Group, all reasonable acts deemed necessary by the Company to assist each member of the Company Group, at the Companys expense, in obtaining and enforcing
its rights throughout the world in the Company Intellectual Property. Such acts may include execution of documents and assistance or cooperation (i) in the filing, prosecution, registration, and memorialization of assignment of any applicable
patents, copyrights, mask work, or other applications, (ii) in the enforcement of any applicable patents, copyrights, mask work, moral rights, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights, and (iii) in other legal proceedings related to the
Company Intellectual Property. 

10. Non-Disparagement. Each Eligible Executive shall
refrain, both during the Eligible Executives employment with the Company and thereafter, from publishing any oral or written statements about the Company, any member of the Company Group or any of their respective directors, officers,
employees, consultants, agents or representatives that (a) are slanderous, libelous or defamatory, (b) disclose Confidential Information of or regarding the Companys or any member of the Company Groups business affairs,
directors, officers, managers, members, employees, consultants, agents or representatives, or (c) place the Company, any member of the Company Group or any of their respective directors, officers, managers, members, employees, consultants,
agents or representatives in a false light before the public. 

11. Defense and Pursuit of Claims. An Eligible Executive
shall, following the termination of his or her employment, cooperate with the Company Group and its counsel in any litigation or human resources matters in which such Eligible Executive may be a witness or potential witness or with respect to which
such Eligible Executive may have knowledge of relevant facts or evidence. The Company shall reimburse such Eligible Executive for reasonable and necessary expenses incurred in the course of complying with this Section 11
provided that the Eligible Executive provides reasonable documentation of the same and obtains the Companys prior approval for incurring such expenses. 

12. Enforcement. Money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of Sections 7, 8, 9,
10 or 11 by an Eligible Executive, and any member of the Company Group shall be entitled to enforce the provisions of such Sections by terminating payments or additional benefits then owing to the Eligible Executive and to specific
performance, injunctive relief and other equitable relief, without bond, as remedies for such breach or any threatened breach. In addition, in the event of a breach by an Eligible Executive, the Eligible Executive shall repay to the Company any and
all payments received or paid or deemed paid by the Company for the benefit of the Eligible Executive pursuant to the Plan. Such remedies shall not be deemed the exclusive remedies for a breach of Sections 7, 8, 9, 10 or
11, but shall be in addition to all remedies available at law or in equity, including the recovery of damages from the Eligible Executive and the Eligible Executives agents. This Section 12 and Sections
7, 8, 9, 10 or 11, and each provision and portion hereof, are severable and separate, and the unenforceability of any specific section (or portion thereof) shall not affect the provisions of any other section (or
portion thereof). Moreover, in the event any arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that the scope, time or territorial restrictions set forth are unreasonable, then it is the intention of the parties that such restrictions be
enforced to the fullest extent which such arbitrator or court deems reasonable, and the Plan shall thereby be reformed. 

12 

13. Claims Procedure and Review. 

(a) Filing a Claim. Any Eligible Executive that the Committee determines is entitled to severance benefits under the Plan is not
required to file a claim for benefits. Any Eligible Executive (i) who is not paid severance benefits hereunder and who believes that he or she is entitled to severance benefits hereunder or (ii) who has been paid severance benefits
hereunder and believes that he or she is entitled to greater benefits hereunder may file a claim for severance benefits under the Plan in writing with the Committee. 

(b) Initial Determination of a Claim. If a claim for severance benefits hereunder is wholly or partially denied, the Committee shall,
within a reasonable period of time but no later than 90 days after receipt of the claim (or 180 days after receipt of the claim if special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the claim), notify the claimant of the denial. Such
notice shall (i) be in writing, (ii) be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant, (iii) contain the specific reason or reasons for denial of the claim, (iv) refer specifically to the pertinent Plan
provisions upon which the denial is based, (v) describe any additional material or information necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim (and explain why such material or information is necessary), and (vi) describe the Plans
claim review procedures and time limits applicable to such procedures, including a statement of the claimants right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA following an adverse benefit determination on review. 

(c) Appeal of a Denied Claim. Within 60 days of the receipt by the claimant of this notice, the claimant may file a written appeal with
the Committee. In connection with the appeal, the claimant may review Plan documents and may submit written issues and comments. The Committee shall deliver to the claimant a written decision on the appeal promptly, but not later than 60 days after
the receipt of the claimants appeal (or 120 days after receipt of the claimants appeal if there are special circumstances which require an extension of time for processing). Such decision shall (i) be in writing, (ii) be
written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant, (iii) include specific reasons for the decision, (iv) refer specifically to the Plan provisions upon which the decision is based, (v) state that the claimant is entitled
to receive, on request and free of charge, reasonable access to and copies of all documents, records, and other information relevant to the claimants claim for benefits, and (vi) a statement of the Participants right to bring an
action under Section 502(a) of ERISA. If special circumstances require an extension of up to 180 days for an initial claim or 120 days for an appeal, whichever applies, the Committee shall send written notice of the extension. This notice shall
indicate the special circumstances requiring the extension and state when the Committee expects to render the decision. 

(d) The benefits
claim procedure provided in this Section 13 is intended to comply with the provisions of 29 C.F.R. 2560.503-1. All provisions of this Section 13 shall
be interpreted, construed, and limited in accordance with such intent. 

13 

14. General Provisions. 

(a) Taxes. The Company is authorized to withhold from all payments made hereunder amounts of withholding and other taxes due or
potentially payable in connection therewith, and to take such other action as the Company may deem advisable to enable the Company and the Eligible Executive to satisfy obligations for the payment of withholding taxes and other tax obligations
relating to any payments made under the Plan. 

(b) No Mitigation. No Eligible Executive shall have any duty to mitigate the amounts
payable under the Plan by seeking or accepting new employment or self-employment following a Qualifying Termination. 

(c) Offset.
The Company may set off against, and each Eligible Executive authorizes the Company to deduct from, any payments due to the Eligible Executive, or to his or her estate, heirs, legal representatives, or successors, any amounts which may be due and
owing to the Company or an Affiliate of the Company by the Eligible Executive, whether arising under the Plan or otherwise; provided, however, that no such offset may be made with respect to amounts payable that are subject to the requirements of
Section 409A unless the offset would not result in a violation of the requirements of Section 409A. 

(d) Amendment and
Termination. Prior to a Change in Control, the Plan may be amended or modified in any respect, and may be terminated, in any such case, by the Board; provided, however, that the Plan may not be amended, modified or terminated in any manner that
would in any way adversely affect the benefits or protections provided hereunder to any individual who is an Eligible Executive under the Plan at such time, (i) at the request of a third party who has indicated an intention or taken steps to
effect a Change in Control and who effectuates a Change in Control, or (ii) otherwise in connection with, or in anticipation of, a Change in Control that actually occurs, and any such attempted amendment, modification or termination shall be
null and void ab initio. Any action taken to amend, modify or terminate the Plan which is taken subsequent to the execution of an agreement providing for a transaction or transactions which, if consummated, would constitute a Change in
Control shall conclusively be presumed to have been taken in connection with a Change in Control. For the duration of the 12-month period following a Change in Control, the Plan may not be amended or modified
in any manner that would in any way adversely affect the benefits or protections provided hereunder to any individual who is an Eligible Executive under the Plan on the date a Change in Control occurs. 

(e) Successors. The Plan will be binding upon any successor to the Company, its assets, its businesses or its interest (whether as a
result of the occurrence of a Change in Control or otherwise), in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be obligated under the Plan if no succession had taken place. All payments and benefits that become due to an Eligible
Executive under the Plan will inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, assigns, designees or legal representatives. 

(f) Transfer and
Assignment. Neither an Eligible Executive nor any other person shall have any right to sell, assign, transfer, pledge, anticipate or otherwise encumber, transfer, hypothecate or convey any amounts payable under the Plan prior to the date that
such amounts are paid. 

(g) Unfunded Obligation. All benefits due an Eligible Executive under the Plan are unfunded and unsecured
and are payable out of the general assets of the Company. The Company is not required to segregate any monies or other assets from its general funds with respect to these obligations. Eligible Executives shall not have any preference or security
interest in any assets of the Company other than as a general unsecured creditor. 

14 

(h) Severability. If any provision of the Plan (or portion thereof) is held to be
illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity of such provision (or portion thereof) will not affect the remaining provisions (or portions thereof) of the Plan, but such provision (or portion thereof) will be fully severable and
the Plan will be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision (or portion thereof) had never been included herein. 

(i)
Section 409A. The Plan is intended to comply with Section 409A or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed and administered in accordance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, payments provided
under the Plan may only be made upon an event and in a manner that complies with Section 409A or an applicable exemption. Any payments under the Plan that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary
separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. Any payments to be made under the Plan upon the termination of an Eligible Executives employment shall only be made if
such termination of employment constitutes a separation from service under Section 409A. Each installment payment under the Plan is intended to be a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision
in the Plan to the contrary, if any payment or benefit provided for herein would be subject to additional taxes and interest under Section 409A if an Eligible Executives receipt of such payment or benefit is not delayed until the earlier
of (i) the date of such Eligible Executives death or (ii) the date that is six months after such Eligible Executives Date of Termination (such date, the Section 409A Payment
Date), then such payment or benefit shall not be provided to such Eligible Executive (or such Eligible Executives estate, if applicable) until the Section 409A Payment Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes
no representations that the payments and benefits provided under the Plan are exempt from, or compliant with, Section 409A and in no event shall the Company or any of its Affiliates be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties,
interest or other expenses that may be incurred by any Eligible Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 

(j) Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction. All questions arising with respect to the provisions of the Plan and payments due
hereunder will be determined by application of the laws of the State of Texas, without giving effect to any conflict of law provisions thereof, except to the extent preempted by federal law (including ERISA, which is the federal law that governs the
Plan, the administration of the Plan and any claims made under the Plan). Any action to obtain emergency, temporary or preliminary injunctive relief as permitted by Sections 8 and 12 will be brought only in the state and federal courts
residing in, or with jurisdiction over, Harris County, Texas. The Eligible Executives recognize that such forum and venue is convenient. 

(k) Status. The Plan is intended to qualify for the exemptions under Title I of ERISA provided for plans that are unfunded and
maintained primarily for the purpose of providing benefits for a select group of management or highly compensated employees. 

(l)
Third-Party Beneficiaries. Each Affiliate of the Company shall be a third- party beneficiary of the Eligible Executives covenants and obligations under Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12 and shall
be entitled to enforce such obligations as if a party hereto. 

15 

(m) No Right to Continued Employment. The adoption and maintenance of the Plan shall
not be deemed to be a contract of employment between the Company or any of its Affiliates and any person, or to have any impact whatsoever on the at-will employment relationship between the Company or any of
its Affiliates and the Eligible Executives. Nothing in the Plan shall be deemed to give any person the right to be retained in the employ of the Company or any of its Affiliates for any period of time or to restrict the right of the Company or any
of its Affiliates to terminate the employment of any person at any time. 

(n) Title and Headings; Construction. Titles and headings
to Sections hereof are for the purpose of reference only and shall in no way limit, define or otherwise affect the provisions hereof. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references herein to an agreement, plan, instrument or other document
shall be deemed to refer to such agreement, plan, instrument or other document as amended, supplemented, modified and restated from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof. The word or as used herein is not
exclusive and is deemed to have the meaning and/or. The words herein, hereof, hereunder and other compounds of the word here shall refer to the entire Plan, and not to any particular
provision hereof. Wherever the context so requires, the masculine gender includes the feminine or neuter, and the singular number includes the plural and conversely. The use herein of the word including following any general statement,
term or matter shall not be construed to limit such statement, term or matter to the specific items or matters set forth immediately following such word or to similar items or matters, whether or not
non-limiting language (such as without limitation, but not limited to, or words of similar import) is used with reference thereto, but rather shall be deemed to refer to all other items
or matters that could reasonably fall within the broadest possible scope of such general statement, term or matter. Neither the Plan nor any uncertainty or ambiguity herein shall be construed or resolved against any party hereto, whether under any
rule of construction or otherwise. On the contrary, the Plan has been reviewed by each of the parties hereto and shall be construed and interpreted according to the ordinary meaning of the words used so as to fairly accomplish the purposes and
intentions of the parties hereto. 

(o) Overpayment. If, due to mistake or any other reason, a person receives severance payments or
benefits under the Plan in excess of what the Plan provides, such person shall repay the overpayment to the Company in a lump sum within 30 days of notice of the amount of overpayment. If such person fails to so repay the overpayment, then without
limiting any other remedies available to the Company, the Company may deduct the amount of the overpayment from any other amounts which become payable to such person under the Plan or otherwise. 

(p) Clawback. Any amounts payable under the Plan are subject to any policy (whether in existence as of the Effective Date or later
adopted) established by the Company providing for clawback or recovery of amounts that were paid to the Eligible Executive. The Company will make any determination for clawback or recovery in its sole discretion and in accordance with applicable
laws, regulations, and securities exchange listing standards. 

(q) Agent for Service of Legal Process. Legal process may be served
on the Committee, which is the plan administrator, at the following address: Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, c/o Talos Energy Inc., 333 Clay St., Suite 3300, Houston, Texas 77002. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank] 

16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d845029dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Talos Energy Appoints Paul Goodfellow as President, Chief Executive Officer and Board Member 

Houston,Texas, February 3, 2025Talos Energy Inc. (Talos or the Company) (NYSE: TALO) today announced that it
has appointed Paul Goodfellow as President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Talos Board of Directors, effective March 1, 2025. 

Mr. Goodfellow is a highly accomplished executive with over thirty years of domestic and international experience in the oil and natural gas industry
during a distinguished career at Shell, where he began in 1991. During his tenure at Shell, Mr. Goodfellow held various senior executive roles, including leading Shells global deepwater business, which included the U.S. Gulf of Mexico,
Offshore Mexico, Brazil, West Africa, Malaysia, the North Sea and other international areas. Additionally, he held positions overseeing Shells global drilling, completion and well intervention organization and served as a key member of the
Projects & Technology and Upstream leadership teams. 

He is currently Executive Vice President and Group Chief Internal Auditor, overseeing
Shells internal audit function. Mr. Goodfellow was appointed to the Board of Directors for Shell Midstream Partners (formerly NYSE: SHLX) in October 2014, became Chairman in October 2019 and transitioned from those roles in August 2023.
From April 2019 to August 2023, he led Shells global deepwater business as Executive Vice President, Deep Water. He has also served as Executive Vice President, Wells, Vice President and Managing Director, UK and Ireland and Vice President,
Unconventionals US and Canada. 

Mr. Goodfellow holds a doctorate and an undergraduate degree from the Camborne School of Mines in the UK. He is also
a member of the Institute of Mining and Metallurgy and the Society of Petroleum Engineers. 

Paul Goodfellow said, I appreciate the confidence the
Board of Directors has shown in selecting me to lead Talos with its strong asset base and solid balance sheet. I look forward to working with the Board, senior management, and its dedicated employees as we develop and execute a strategy to drive
performance and maximize value for our shareholders. During my first 100 days at Talos, I plan to gain a deeper understanding of our business and identify the key drivers of Taloss success. Additionally, I will collaborate with the leadership
team to define the next phase of our growth and develop a strategic plan. Once this process is complete, we plan to announce our new strategic plan. 

I am very pleased to welcome Paul to Talos, said Neal P. Goldman, Chairman of Taloss Board of Directors. The Board of Directors is
confident that his extensive oil and natural gas experience, particularly in deepwater operations, along with his strategic judgment, performance track record and seasoned perspective, will be key in continuing to drive Taloss strategy. Under
Pauls leadership, we expect to remain focused on leveraging our strengths in deepwater exploration and development to create compelling value for all shareholders. 

ABOUT TALOS ENERGY 

Talos Energy (NYSE: TALO) is a
technically driven, innovative, independent energy company focused on maximizing long-term value through its Upstream Exploration & Production business in the United States Gulf of Mexico and offshore Mexico. We leverage decades of
technical and offshore operational expertise to acquire, explore, and produce assets in key geological trends while maintaining a focus on safe and efficient operations, environmental responsibility, and community impact. For more information, visit
www.talosenergy.com. 

INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT 

Clay Jeansonne 

investor@talosenergy.com 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This communication may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this communication, regarding our strategy, future operations, financial
position, estimated revenues and losses, projected costs, quality of assets, prospects, plans and objectives of the Board and management are forward-looking statements. When used in this communication, the words will, could,
believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, expect, project, forecast, may, objective, plan and similar expressions are intended to
identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions about future events and are based on currently
available information as to the outcome and timing of future events. 

TALOS ENERGY INC. 333 Clay St., Suite 3300, Houston, TX 77002

Should one or more of the risks or uncertainties described herein occur, or should underlying assumptions
prove incorrect, our actual results and plans could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements, expressed or implied, included in this communication are expressly qualified in their
entirety by this cautionary statement. This cautionary statement should also be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that we or persons acting on our behalf may issue. Except as otherwise required
by applicable law, we disclaim any duty to update any forward-looking statements, all of which are expressly qualified by the statements in this section, to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this communication. 

TALOS ENERGY INC. 333 Clay St., Suite 3300, Houston, TX 77002
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>talo-20250202.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>talo-20250202_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>talo-20250202_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g845029g0201051716502.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g845029g74f31.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 02, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001724965

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 02, 2025

Entity Registrant Name TALOS ENERGY INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-38497

Entity Tax Identification Number 82-3532642

Entity Address, Address Line One 333 Clay Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 3300

Entity Address, City or Town Houston

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77002

City Area Code (713)

Local Phone Number 328-3000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock

Trading Symbol TALO

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.talosenergy.com//20250202/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d845029d8k.htm 
talo-20250202.xsd 
talo-20250202_lab.xml 
talo-20250202_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-019260-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d845029d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001724965 

2025-02-02 
2025-02-02 

false 
0001724965 
8-K 
2025-02-02 
TALOS ENERGY INC. 
DE 
001-38497 
82-3532642 
333 Clay Street 
Suite 3300 
Houston 
TX 
77002 
(713) 
328-3000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
TALO 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>