<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-003628.txt : 20250124
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-003628.hdr.sgml : 20250124
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250124171420
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-003628
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250124
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250124
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250124

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Power REIT
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001532619
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				453116572
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36312
		FILM NUMBER:		25555114

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 WINDING ROAD
		CITY:			OLD BETHPAGE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11804
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-750-0373

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 WINDING ROAD
		CITY:			OLD BETHPAGE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11804
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000153261900015326192025-01-242025-01-240001532619PW:CommonSharesMember2025-01-242025-01-240001532619PW:Sec7.75SeriesCumulativeRedeemablePerpetualPreferredStockLiquidationPreference25PerShareMember2025-01-242025-01-24iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of report (Date of earliest event reported): January
24, 2025

POWER
REIT

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Maryland

(State
or other jurisdiction of incorporation)

001-36312

(Commission
File Number)

45-3116572

(IRS
Employer Identification No.)

301
Winding Road

Old
Bethpage, NY11804

(Address
of principal executive offices and Zip Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (212)750-0371

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of registrant under any
of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol Name
of Each Exchange on Which registered

Common
Shares PW NYSEAmerican

7.75%
Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, Liquidation Preference $25 per Share PW.A NYSEAmerican

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
January 24, 2025, Power REIT (the Trust or Power REIT) entered into a sales agreement (the Sales Agreement)
with A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (A.G.P.), as sales agent, pursuant to which the Trust may, from time to time, issue
and sell its common shares, par value $0.001 per share (the common shares), in an at the market offering.

Sales
of the common shares, if any, will be made in sales deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4)
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). A.G.P. is not required to sell any specific
amount of common shares, but will act as sales agent on a commercially reasonable efforts basis consistent with their normal trading
and sales practices, on mutually agreed terms between A.G.P. and the Trust. There is no arrangement for funds to be received in any escrow,
trust or similar arrangement.

As
sales agent, A.G.P. is entitled to compensation at a fixed commission rate equal to 3.0% of the gross proceeds of each sale of common
shares under the Sales Agreement. In connection with the sale of common shares on behalf of Power REIT, A.G.P., as sales agent will be
deemed to be an underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and the compensation of A.G.P. will be deemed to be
underwriting commissions or discounts. Power REIT has also agreed to provide indemnification and contribution to A.G.P. with respect
to certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.

The
offering of the common shares pursuant to the Sales Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of (1) the sale of all of the common shares
provided for in the relevant prospectus to be filed by the Trust (the ATM Prospectus), or (2) the termination of the Sales
Agreement. The Sales Agreement will automatically terminate upon the issuance and sale of all of the common shares pursuant to the Sales
Agreement and may be terminated by the Trust at any time in its sole discretion by giving two (2) days written notice to A.G.P.,
or by A.G.P. at any time in its sole discretion by giving two (2) days written notice to the Trust with respect to A.GP.s
participation in the offering. The Sales Agreement will remain in full force and effect until the Sales Agreement is terminated in accordance
with the terms thereof.

This
Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of
the common shares in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification
under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or
the solicitation to buy nor shall there be any sale of the common shares in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation
or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

The
foregoing description of the terms of the Sales Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of the Sales Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item
8.01. Other Events.

In
the ATM Prospectus and the Trusts related registration statement on Form S-3 to be filed by the Trust, Power REIT intends to update
the current description of its business as set forth below in this Item 8.01.

Power
REIT owns a portfolio of real estate assets related to transportation, energy infrastructure a Controlled Environment Agriculture (CEA)
in the United States.

Power
REIT is structured as a holding company and owns its assets through twenty-four direct and indirect wholly owned, special purpose subsidiaries
that have been formed in order to hold real estate assets, obtain financing and generate lease revenue. As of September 30, 2024, the
Trusts assets consisted of approximately 112 miles of railroad infrastructure and related real estate which is owned by its subsidiary
Pittsburgh & West Virginia Railroad (P&WV), approximately 447 acres of fee simple land leased to a number of utility
scale solar power generating projects with an aggregate generating capacity of approximately 82 Megawatts (MW) and approximately
249 acres of land with approximately 2,112,000 square feet of existing or under construction CEA properties in the form of greenhouses.

In
2019, Power REIT pivoted to focus on greenhouses as a technology play in the form of real estate. Over the past five years, a significant
amount of capital flowed into the CEA sector in the United States. CEA facilities generally are either indoor warehouse facilities that
require lights for plant growth and heating, ventilation and air conditioning to maintain the climate or greenhouses, which benefit from
free and natural sunlight and proven approaches to maintain a proper growing environment. Power REITs investment thesis was based
on greenhouses as sustainable approach to growing certain crops.

Power
REIT invested in greenhouses for state-licensed cannabis and food cultivation. Unfortunately, the market for both opportunities has been
challenging and the greenhouse portfolio has performed poorly with significant vacancy. Currently, the entire greenhouse portfolio is
being marketed for sale but the market to sell these properties is weak. Power REIT continues to explore all options to monetize these
assets. As previously disclosed in its filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the greenhouse portfolio secures a loan,
which loan is currently in default. The loan is non-recourse to Power REIT, which reduces its exposure.

While
it may continue to explore opportunities in the greenhouse and cannabis space, Power REIT is now exploring new opportunities. The real
estate market is in a state of transition and experiencing a wave of distressed properties due to several factors, including economic
downturns, shifting property demand in a post-COVID environment, rising interest rates and mortgage defaults. Power REIT believes the
current environment can create significant opportunities for it. Power REIT is focused on identifying special opportunities in the form
of investing in distressed situations, including debt and other types of secured interests in real estate, distressed properties and
real estate related companies. As part of moving Power REIT forward, it is looking to selectively raise capital.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit

No. 

Description
of Exhibits

1.1 

Sales
Agreement, dated January 24, 2025, by and between Power REIT and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

POWER
REIT

Date:
January 24, 2025 By: /s/
David H. Lesser

Name: David
H. Lesser

Title: Chairman,
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, & Treasurer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex1-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
1.1

POWER
REIT

COMMON
SHARES

SALES
AGREEMENT

January
24, 2025

A.G.P./Alliance
Global Partners

590
Madison Avenue

New
York, NY 10022

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

Power
REIT, a Maryland real estate investment trust (the Company), confirms its agreement (this Agreement)
with A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (the Sales Agent), as follows:

1.
Issuance and Sale of Shares. The Company agrees that, from time to time during the term of this Agreement, on the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth herein, it may issue and sell to or through the Sales Agent, acting as agent or principal, of the Companys
common shares (the Common Shares), subject to the limitations set forth in Section 3(b) hereof. The
issuance and sale of Common Shares to or through the Sales Agent will be effected pursuant to the Registration Statement (as defined
below) filed by the Company, which has been declared effective under the Securities Act (as defined below) by the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Commission).

The
Company shall file in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder
(collectively, the Securities Act), with the Commission, a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, including
a base prospectus, relating to certain securities, including the Common Shares, to be issued from time to time by the Company, and which
incorporates by reference documents that the Company has filed or will file in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Exchange Act). The Company
shall prepare a prospectus supplement to the base prospectus included as part of such registration statement, specifically relating to
the offering of Common Shares pursuant to this Agreement (the ATM Prospectus). The Company will furnish to
the Sales Agent, for use by the Sales Agent, copies of the ATM Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares (as defined below). Except
where the context otherwise requires, such registration statement, as amended when it becomes effective, and any post-effective amendment
thereto, including all documents filed as part thereof or incorporated by reference therein, and including any information contained
in a Prospectus (as defined below) subsequently filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act or deemed
to be a part of such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430B or 462(b) of the Securities Act, or any subsequent registration statement
on Form S-3 filed pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act by the Company to cover any Placement Shares, is herein called the Registration
Statement. The base prospectus, including all documents incorporated therein by reference (to the extent such information
has not been superseded or modified in accordance with Rule 412 under the Securities Act (as qualified by Rule 430B(g) of the Securities
Act), and the ATM Prospectus, including all documents incorporated therein by reference (to the extent such information has not been
superseded or modified in accordance with Rule 412 under the Securities Act (as qualified by Rule 430B(g) of the Securities Act), each
of which is included in the Registration Statement, as it or they may be supplemented by any additional prospectus supplement, in the
form in which such prospectus and/or ATM Prospectus have most recently been filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule
424(b) under the Securities Act, together with any issuer free writing prospectus (Issuer Free Writing Prospectus),
as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act (Rule 433), relating to the Placement Shares that (i) is required
to be filed with the Commission by the Company or (ii) is exempt from filing pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i), in each case in the form
filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records
pursuant to Rule 433(g), is herein called the Prospectus. Any reference herein to the Registration Statement,
the ATM Prospectus, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated
by reference therein, and any reference herein to the terms amend, amendment or supplement
with respect to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing after the execution hereof
of any document with the Commission deemed to be incorporated by reference therein. For purposes of this Agreement, all references to
the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or to any amendment or supplement thereto shall be deemed to include any copy filed with the
Commission pursuant to either the Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval System, or if applicable, the Interactive Data Electronic
Applications (collectively EDGAR).

1

2.
Placements. Each time that the Company wishes to issue and sell the Common Shares through the Sales Agent, as agent, hereunder
(each, a Placement), it will notify the Sales Agent by email notice (or other method mutually agreed to in
writing by the parties) (a Placement Notice) containing the parameters in accordance with which it desires
the Common Shares to be sold, which shall at a minimum include the number of Common Shares to be issued (the Placement Shares),
the time period during which sales are requested to be made, any limitation on the number of Common Shares that may be sold in any one
Trading Day (as defined in Section 3) and any minimum price below which sales may not be made, a form of which containing such
minimum sales parameters necessary is attached hereto as Schedule 1. The Placement Notice shall originate from any of the
individuals from the Company set forth on Schedule 2 (with a copy to each of the other individuals from the Company listed
on such schedule), and shall be addressed to each of the individuals from the Sales Agent set forth on Schedule 2, as such
Schedule 2 may be amended from time to time. The Placement Notice shall be effective upon receipt by the Sales Agent unless
and until (i) in accordance with the notice requirements set forth in Section 4, the Sales Agent declines to accept the terms
contained therein for any reason, in its sole discretion, (ii) the entire amount of the Placement Shares have been sold, (iii) in accordance
with the notice requirements set forth in Section 4, the Company suspends or terminates the Placement Notice, (iv) the Company
issues a subsequent Placement Notice with parameters superseding those on the earlier dated Placement Notice, or (v) the Agreement has
been terminated under the provisions of Section 11. The amount of any discount, commission or other compensation to be paid by
the Company to the Sales Agent in connection with the sale of the Placement Shares through the Sales Agent, as agent, shall be as set
forth in Schedule 3. It is expressly acknowledged and agreed that neither the Company nor the Sales Agent will have any
obligation whatsoever with respect to a Placement or any Placement Shares unless and until the Company delivers a Placement Notice to
the Sales Agent and the Sales Agent does not decline such Placement Notice pursuant to the terms set forth above, and then only upon
the terms specified therein and herein. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of a Placement Notice,
the terms of the Placement Notice will control with respect to the matters covered thereby.

3.
Sale of Placement Shares by the Sales Agent.

(a)
Subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, upon the Companys issuance of a Placement Notice, and unless the sale of
the Placement Shares described therein has been declined, suspended, or otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,
the Sales Agent, as agent for the Company, will use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales
practices and applicable state and federal laws, rules and regulations and the rules of The NYSE American, LLC (the Exchange),
for the period specified in the Placement Notice, to sell such Placement Shares up to the amount specified by the Company in, and otherwise
in accordance with the terms of such Placement Notice. If acting as agent hereunder, the Sales Agent will provide written confirmation
to the Company (including by email correspondence to each of the individuals of the Company set forth on Schedule 2, if
receipt of such correspondence is actually acknowledged by any of the individuals to whom the notice is sent, other than via auto-reply)
no later than the opening of the Trading Day (as defined below) immediately following the Trading Day on which it has made sales of Placement
Shares hereunder setting forth the number of Placement Shares sold on such day, the volume-weighted average price of the Placement Shares,
the compensation payable by the Company to the Sales Agent pursuant to Section 2 with respect to such sales, and the Net Proceeds
(as defined below) payable to the Company, with an itemization of the deductions made by the Sales Agent (as set forth in Section
5(a)) from the gross proceeds that it receives from such sales. Subject to the terms of the Placement Notice, the Sales Agent may
sell Placement Shares by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415 under
the Securities Act. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) there can be no assurance that the Sales Agent will be successful in
selling Placement Shares, (ii) the Sales Agent will incur no liability or obligation to the Company or any other person or entity if
it does not sell Placement Shares for any reason other than a failure by the Sales Agent to use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent
with its normal trading and sales practices and applicable law and regulations to sell such Placement Shares as required under this Agreement
and (iii) the Sales Agent shall be under no obligation to purchase Placement Shares on a principal basis pursuant to this Agreement,
except as otherwise agreed by the Sales Agent and the Company in writing and expressly set forth in a Placement Notice. For the purposes
hereof, Trading Day means any day on which the Companys Common Shares are purchased and sold on the
principal market on which the Common Shares are listed or quoted.

2

(b)
Under no circumstances shall the Company cause or request the offer or sale of any Placement Shares if, after giving effect to the sale
of such Placement Shares, the aggregate number or gross sales proceeds of Placement Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement would exceed
the lesser of: (i) the number or dollar amount of Common Shares registered pursuant to the Registration Statement pursuant to which the
offering hereunder is being made, (ii) the number of authorized but unissued and unreserved Common Shares, (iii) the number or dollar
amount of Common Shares permitted to be offered and sold by the Company under Form S-3 (including General Instruction I.B.6. of Form
S-3, if and for so long as applicable), (iv) the number or dollar amount of Common Shares authorized from time to time to be issued and
sold under this Agreement by the Companys board of directors, a duly authorized committee thereof or a duly authorized executive
committee, and notified to the Sales Agent in writing, or (v) the number or dollar amount of Common Shares for which the Company has
filed the ATM Prospectus or other prospectus supplement specifically relating to the offering of the Placement Shares pursuant to this
Agreement. Under no circumstances shall the Company cause or request the offer or sale of any Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement
at a price lower than the minimum price authorized from time to time by the Companys board of directors, a duly authorized committee
thereof or a duly authorized executive committee, and notified to the Sales Agent in writing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that compliance with the limitations set forth in this Section 3(b)
on the number or dollar amount of Placement Shares that may be issued and sold under this Agreement from time to time shall be the sole
responsibility of the Company, and that the Sales Agent shall have no obligation in connection with such compliance.

(c)
During the term of this Agreement, neither the Sales Agent nor any of its affiliates or subsidiaries shall engage in (i) any short sale
of any security of the Company or (ii) any sale of any security of the Company that the Sales Agent does not own or any sale which is
consummated by the delivery of a security of the Company borrowed by, or for the account of, the Sales Agent. During the term of this
Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Sales Agent agrees that in no event will the Sales Agent or its affiliates
engage in any market making, bidding, stabilization or other trading activity with regard to the Common Shares or related derivative
securities if such activity would be prohibited under Regulation M or other anti-manipulation rules under the Exchange Act.

4.
Suspension of Sales.

(a)
The Company or the Sales Agent may, upon notice to the other party in writing (including by email correspondence to each of the individuals
of the other party set forth on Schedule 2, if receipt of such correspondence is actually acknowledged by any of the individuals
to whom the notice is sent, other than via auto-reply) or by telephone (confirmed immediately by verifiable facsimile transmission or
email correspondence to each of the individuals of the other party set forth on Schedule 2), suspend any sale of Placement
Shares for a period of time (a Suspension Period); provided, however, that such suspension
shall not affect or impair either partys obligations with respect to any Placement Shares sold hereunder prior to the receipt
of such notice. Each of the parties agrees that no such notice under this Section 4 shall be effective against the other unless
it is made to one of the individuals named on Schedule 2 hereto, as such schedule may be amended from time to time. During
a Suspension Period, the Company shall not issue any Placement Notices and the Sales Agent shall not sell any Placement Shares hereunder.
The party that issued a suspension notice shall notify the other party in writing of the Trading Day on which the Suspension Period shall
expire not later than twenty-four (24) hours prior to such Trading Day.

3

(b)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, during any period in which the Company is in possession of material non-public
information, the Company and the Sales Agent agree that (i) no sale of Placement Shares will take place, (ii) the Company shall not request
the sale of any Placement Shares, and (iii) the Sales Agent shall not be obligated to sell or offer to sell any Placement Shares.

5.
Settlement.

(a)
Settlement of Placement Shares. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Placement Notice, settlement for sales of Placement
Shares will occur on the first (1st) Trading Day (or such day as is industry practice or required by law for regular-way trading)
following the date on which such sales are made (a Settlement Date). The amount of proceeds to be delivered
to the Company on a Settlement Date against receipt of the Placement Shares sold (the Net Proceeds) will
be equal to the aggregate sales price received by the Sales Agent at which such Placement Shares were sold, after deduction for (i) the
Sales Agents discount, commission or other compensation for such sales payable by the Company pursuant to Section 2 hereof,
and (ii) any transaction fees, trading expenses or execution fees imposed by any clearing organization or any governmental or self-regulatory
organization and any other fees or expenses incurred by the Sales Agent in respect of such sales.

(b)
Delivery of Placement Shares. On or before each Settlement Date, the Company will, or will cause its transfer agent to, electronically
transfer the Placement Shares being sold by crediting the Sales Agents or its designees account (provided the Sales Agent
shall have given the Company written notice of such designee prior to the Settlement Date) at The Depository Trust Company through its
Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian System or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto which
in all cases shall be freely tradable, transferable, registered shares in good deliverable form. On each Settlement Date, the Sales Agent
will deliver the related Net Proceeds in same day funds to an account designated by the Company on, or prior to, the Settlement Date.
The Company agrees that if the Company, or its transfer agent (if applicable), defaults in its obligation to deliver duly authorized
Placement Shares on a Settlement Date, through no fault of the Sales Agent, the Company agrees that in addition to and in no way limiting
the rights and obligations set forth in Section 9(a) (Indemnification and Contribution) hereto, the Company will (i) hold the
Sales Agent, its directors, officers, members, partners, employees and agents of the Sales Agent, each broker dealer affiliate of the
Sales Agent, and each person, if any, who (A) controls the Sales Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section
20 of the Exchange Act or (B) is controlled by or is under common control with the Sales Agent (each, a Sales Agent Affiliate),
and the Sales Agents clearing organization, harmless against any loss, claim, damage, or reasonable and documented expense (including
reasonable legal fees and expenses), as incurred, arising out of or in connection with such default by the Company or its transfer agent
(if applicable) and (ii) pay to the Sales Agent any commission, discount, or other compensation to which it would otherwise have been
entitled absent such default.

6.
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Sales Agent that as
of each Applicable Time (as defined in Section 22(a)), unless such representation, warranty or agreement specifies a different
time or times:

4

(a)
Compliance with Registration Requirements. The Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement
filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) (a Rule 462(b) Registration Statement) have been declared effective by the
Commission under the Securities Act prior to the issuance of any Placement Notices by the Company. The Company has complied to the Commissions
satisfaction with all requests of the Commission for additional or supplemental information related to the Registration Statement and
the Prospectus. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement is
in effect and no proceedings for such purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, are contemplated
or threatened by the Commission. The Registration Statement and, assuming no act or omission on the part of the Sales Agent that would
make such statements untrue, the offer and sale of the Placement Shares as contemplated hereby meet the requirements of Rule 415 under
the Securities Act and comply in all material respects with said Rule. In the section entitled Plan of Distribution in
the ATM Prospectus, the Company has named A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners as an agent that the Company has engaged in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer as defined in Rule
405 under the Securities Act.

(b)
No Misstatement or Omission. The Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became or becomes
effective, complied or will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act. The Prospectus, and any amendment or supplement
thereto, on the date of such Prospectus or amendment or supplement, complied or will comply in all material respects with the Securities
Act. The Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became or becomes effective, did not and will
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, as of its date, did not and, as of each Point of Sale
and each Settlement Date, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The representations and
warranties set forth in the two immediately preceding sentences do not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement
or any post-effective amendment thereto, or the Prospectus, or any amendments or supplements thereto, made in reliance upon and in conformity
with information relating to the Sales Agent furnished to the Company in writing by the Sales Agent expressly for use therein. Point
of Sale means, for a Placement, the time at which an acquiror of Placement Shares entered into a contract, binding upon
such acquiror, to acquire such Placement Shares.

(c)
Offering Materials Furnished to the Sales Agent. Copies of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, and all amendments or supplements
thereto and all documents incorporated by reference therein that were filed with the Commission on or prior to the date of this Agreement,
have been delivered, or are publicly available through EDGAR, to the Sales Agent. Each Prospectus delivered to the Sales Agent for use
in connection with the sale of the Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement will be identical to the version of such Prospectus filed
with the Commission via EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(d)
Distribution of Offering Material By the Company. The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the completion
of the Sales Agents distribution of the Placement Shares, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the
Placement Shares other than the Prospectus or the Registration Statement.

5

(e)
The Sales Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company, and constitutes a valid,
legal, and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as rights to indemnity
hereunder may be limited by federal or state securities laws and except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally, and subject to general principles of equity.
The Company has full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to authorize, issue and sell the Placement Shares
as contemplated by this Agreement. This Agreement conforms in all material respects to the descriptions thereof in the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus.

(f)
Authorization of the Placement Shares. The Placement Shares, when issued and paid for as contemplated herein, will be validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable, will be issued in compliance with all applicable securities laws, and will be free of preemptive,
registration or similar rights, and will conform to the description of the Common Shares contained in the Registration Statement and
the Prospectus.

(g)
No Applicable Registration or Other Similar Rights. There are no persons with registration or other similar rights to have any
equity or debt securities registered for sale under the Registration Statement or included in the offering contemplated by this Agreement,
except for such rights as have been duly waived.

(h)
No Material Adverse Change. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus, subsequent to the respective dates as of which information
is given in the Prospectus: (i) there has been no material adverse change in the business, properties, prospects, operations, condition
(financial or otherwise) or results of operations of the Company (any such change is called a Material Adverse Change),
which, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (ii) the Company
has not incurred any material liability or obligation, indirect, direct or contingent, not in the ordinary course of business nor entered
into any material transaction or agreement not in the ordinary course of business; (iii) there has been no dividend or distribution of
any kind declared, paid or made by the Company; (iv) no officer or director of the Company has resigned from any position with the Company;
and (v) there has not been any Material Adverse Change in the Companys long-term debt.

(i)
Independent Accountants. To the knowledge of the Company, MaloneBailey, LLP, whose report is filed with the Commission and included
or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, is an independent registered public accounting firm as
required by the Securities Act and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.

(j)
Financial Statements. The financial statements filed with the Commission as a part of the Registration Statement and included
in the Prospectus, together with the related notes and schedules, present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial
position of the Company and its subsidiaries as of and at the dates indicated and the results of their operations and cash flows for
the periods specified. Such financial statements and supporting schedules have been prepared in conformity, in all material respects,
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved,
except as may be expressly stated in the related notes thereto. No other financial statements or supporting schedules are required to
be included in or incorporated in the Registration Statement.

6

(k)
Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Exchange Act) contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed by the Company without
a reasonable basis or has been disclosed by the Company other than in good faith.

(l)
Statistical and Marketing-Related Data. The statistical and market-related data included in each of the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate
or represent the Companys good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources.

(m)
XBRL. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commissions
rules and guidelines applicable thereto.

(n)
Incorporation and Good Standing of the Company. The Company is a real estate investment trust duly formed and validly existing
under the laws of the State of Maryland. The Company has requisite corporate power to carry on its business as described in the Prospectus.
The Company is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in all jurisdictions in which the conduct of its business
requires such qualification; except where the failure to be so qualified or to be in good standing would not result in a Material Adverse
Change. The Company does not own or control, directly or indirectly, any corporation, association or other entity other than the subsidiaries
listed in Exhibit 21.1 to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the most recently ended fiscal year and other than (i) those
subsidiaries not required to be listed on Exhibit 21.1 by Item 601 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act and (ii) those subsidiaries
formed since the last day of the most recently ended fiscal year.

(o)
Capital Stock Matters. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights of rescission
with respect thereto, and are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities were issued
in violation of the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company.
The authorized Common Shares conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus. The offers and sales of the outstanding Common Shares were at all relevant times either registered under the Securities
Act and the applicable state securities or blue sky laws or, based in part on the representations and warranties of the
purchasers of such shares, exempt from such registration requirements. The description of the Companys stock option, stock bonus
and other stock plans or arrangements, and the options or other rights granted thereunder, as described in the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus, accurately and fairly present, in all material respects, the information required to be shown with respect to such
plans, arrangements, options and rights.

7

(p)
Non-Contravention of Existing Instruments; No Further Authorizations or Approvals Required. The Companys execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus
(including the issuance and sale of the Placement Shares and the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Placement Shares as described
in the Prospectus under the caption Use of Proceeds) will not (A) result in a material violation of any existing applicable
law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any Governmental Entity as of the date hereof, (B) conflict with, result in any violation
or breach of, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to
others any right of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) (a Default
Acceleration Event) of, any agreement, lease, credit facility, debt, note, bond, mortgage, indenture or other instrument
(Contract) or obligation or other understanding to which the Company is a party or by which any property
or asset of the Company is bound or affected, except to the extent that such conflict, default, or Default Acceleration Event is not
reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Change, or (C) result in a breach or violation of any of the terms and provisions of,
or constitute a default under, the Companys declaration of trust (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time) or
bylaws (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time). The Company is not in violation, breach or default under its declaration
of trust (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time) or bylaws (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time).
Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any other party is in violation, breach or default of any Contract that has resulted in or
could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Each approval, consent, order, authorization, designation, declaration
or filing by or with any regulatory, administrative or other governmental body necessary in connection with the execution and delivery
by the Company of this Agreement and the performance of the Company of the transactions herein contemplated has been obtained or made
and is in full force and effect, except (i) with respect to any Applicable Time at which the Sales Agent would not be able to rely on
Rule 5110(h)(1)(C) of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA), such additional steps as
may be required by FINRA, (ii) filings with the Commission required under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, or filings with the
Exchange pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Exchange, in each case that are contemplated by this Agreement to be made after
the date of this Agreement, and (iii) such additional steps as may be necessary to qualify the Common Shares for sale by the Sales Agent
under state securities or Blue Sky laws.

(q)
No Material Actions or Proceedings. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus, there is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry,
arbitration, investigation, litigation or governmental proceeding pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against, or
involving the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any executive officer or director, which has not been disclosed in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus which is required to be disclosed, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Change.

(r)
Labor Disputes. No labor dispute with the employees of the Company exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent. The
Company is not aware that any key employee or significant group of employees of the Company plans to terminate employment with the Company.

8

(s)
Compliance with Certain Applicable Laws. The Company: (A) is and at all times has been in compliance with all statutes, rules,
or regulations applicable to the ownership of assets by the Company as described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the
ATM Prospectus (Applicable Laws), except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Change; (B) has not received any warning letter, untitled letter or other correspondence or notice from any
governmental authority alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any licenses, certificates, approvals, clearances,
authorizations, permits and supplements or amendments thereto required by any such Applicable Laws (Authorizations);
(C) possesses all material Authorizations and such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and are not in material violation
of any term of any such Authorizations; (D) has not received notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation,
arbitration or other action from any governmental authority or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in violation
of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such governmental authority or third party is considering any
such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit, investigation or proceeding; (E) has not received notice that any governmental authority
has taken, is taking or intends to take action to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such
governmental authority is considering such action; and (F) has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents,
forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations
and that all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete
and correct on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission).

(t)
Tax Law Compliance. Other than certain property taxes and as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the ATM
Prospectus, (A) the Company has filed all returns (as hereinafter defined) required to be filed with taxing authorities prior to the
date hereof or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof; (B) the Company has paid all taxes (as hereinafter defined)
shown as due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on or assessed against the Company. The provisions for taxes
payable, if any, shown on the financial statements filed with or as part of or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement
are sufficient for all accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed, and for all periods to and including the dates of such consolidated
financial statements. Other than as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (i) no issues have been raised (and are
currently pending) by any taxing authority in connection with any of the returns or taxes asserted as due from the Company, and (ii)
no waivers of statutes of limitation with respect to the returns or collection of taxes have been given by or requested from the Company.
Other than as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the ATM Prospectus with respect to certain property taxes,
there are no tax liens against the assets, properties or business of the Company. The term taxes means all
federal, state, local, foreign and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits,
license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall
profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments or charges of any kind whatever, together with any interest and any penalties,
additions to tax or additional amounts with respect thereto. The term returns means all returns, declarations,
reports, statements and other documents required to be filed in respect to taxes.

9

(u)
Company Not an Investment Company. The Company is not, and will not be, either after receipt of payment for the
Placement Shares or after the application of the proceeds therefrom as described under Use of Proceeds in the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus, required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended (the Investment Company Act).

(v)
Insurance. The Company carries or is entitled to the benefits of insurance, with insurers, in such amounts and covering such risks
which the Company believes are adequate, and all such insurance is in full force and effect. The Company has no reason to believe that
it will not be able (i) to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire or (ii) to obtain comparable coverage
from similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and at a cost that would not result
in a Material Adverse Change.

(w)
No Price Stabilization or Manipulation. The Company has not taken, directly or indirectly (without giving any effect to the activities
of the Sales Agent), any action designed to or that might cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Common
Shares or of any reference security (as defined in Rule 100 of Regulation M under the Exchange Act (Regulation
M)) with respect to the Common Shares, whether to facilitate the sale or resale of the Placement Shares or otherwise,
and has taken no action which would directly or indirectly violate Regulation M.

(x)
Related Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company or any other
person required to be described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus that have not been described as required pursuant to
the Securities Act.

(y)
Exchange Act Compliance. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the
Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission under the Exchange
Act, complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act, and, when read together with the other
information in the Prospectus, at each Point of Sale and each Settlement Date, will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(z)
Conformity of Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conformed or will conform in all material respects
to the requirements of the Securities Act on the date of first use, and the Company has complied or will comply with any filing requirements
applicable to such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus pursuant to the Securities Act. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its issue
date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the public offer and sale of the Placement Shares, did not, does not and will
not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement
or the Prospectus, including any document incorporated by reference therein that has not been superseded or modified. The Company has
not made any offer relating to the Placement Shares that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus without the prior written
consent of the Sales Agent. The Company has retained in accordance with the Securities Act all Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses that
were not required to be filed pursuant to the Securities Act.

10

(aa)
Compliance with Environmental Laws. The Company is in compliance with all foreign, federal, state and local rules, laws and regulations
relating to the use, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances or waste and protection of health and safety or
the environment which are applicable to its business (Environmental Laws), except where the failure to comply
would not, singularly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change. There has been no storage, generation, transportation,
handling, treatment, disposal, discharge, emission, or other release of any kind of toxic or other wastes or other hazardous substances
by, due to, or caused by the Company (or, to the Companys knowledge, any other entity for whose acts or omissions the Company
is or may otherwise be liable) upon any of the property now or previously owned or leased by the Company, or upon any other property,
in violation of any law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, judgment, decree or permit or which would, under any law, statute,
ordinance, rule (including rule of common law), regulation, order, judgment, decree or permit, give rise to any liability, except for
any violation or liability which would not have, singularly or in the aggregate with all such violations and liabilities, a Material
Adverse Change; and there has been no disposal, discharge, emission or other release of any kind onto such property or into the environment
surrounding such property of any toxic or other wastes or other hazardous substances with respect to which the Company has knowledge,
except for any such disposal, discharge, emission, or other release of any kind which would not have, singularly or in the aggregate
with all such discharges and other releases, a Material Adverse Change.

(bb)
Intellectual Property. The Company owns or possesses or has valid rights to use all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, copyrights, licenses, inventions, trade secrets and
similar rights (Intellectual Property Rights) necessary for the conduct of the business of the Company as
currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, except as disclosed in the Prospectus or except
as would not be reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Change. To the knowledge of the Company, no action or use by the Company
necessary for the conduct of its business as currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus will
involve or give rise to any infringement of, or license or similar fees for, any Intellectual Property Rights of others, except where
such action, use, license or fee is not reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Company has not received any notice
alleging any such infringement, fee or conflict with asserted Intellectual Property Rights of others. Except as would not reasonably
be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change (A) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no
infringement, misappropriation or violation by third parties of any of the Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company; (B) except
as disclosed in the Prospectus, there is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim
by others challenging the rights of the Company in or to any such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts
which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim, that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims
in this Section 6(bb), reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (C) the Intellectual Property Rights owned
by the Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, the Intellectual Property Rights licensed to the Company have not been adjudged
by a court of competent jurisdiction invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and there is no pending or, to the Companys
knowledge, except as disclosed in the Prospectus, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the validity or
scope of any such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such
claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 6(bb), reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Change; (D) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding
or claim by others that the Company infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates any Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary
rights of others, the Company has not received any written notice of such claim and the Company is unaware of any other facts which would
form a reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section
6(bb), reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and (E) to the Companys knowledge, no employee of the
Company is in or has ever been in violation in any material respect of any term of any employment contract, patent disclosure agreement,
invention assignment agreement, non-competition agreement, non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement or any restrictive covenant
to or with a former employer where the basis of such violation relates to such employees employment with the Company, or actions
undertaken by the employee while employed with the Company and could reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate,
in a Material Adverse Change. To the Companys knowledge, all material technical information developed by and belonging to the
Company which has not been patented has been kept confidential. The Company is not a party to or bound by any options, licenses or agreements
with respect to the Intellectual Property Rights of any other person or entity that are required to be set forth in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus and are not described therein. The Registration Statement and the Prospectus contain in all material respects
the same description of the matters set forth in the preceding sentence. None of the technology employed by the Company has been obtained
or is being used by the Company in violation of any contractual obligation binding on the Company or, to the Companys knowledge,
any of its officers, directors or employees, or otherwise in violation of the rights of any persons.

11

(cc)
Brokers. The Company is not a party to any contract, agreement or understanding with any person (other than as contemplated by
this Agreement) that would give rise to a valid claim against the Company or the Sales Agent for a brokerage commission, finders
fee or like payment in connection with the offering and sale of the Placement Shares by the Sales Agent under this Agreement.

(dd)
No Outstanding Loans or Other Indebtedness. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses
in the ordinary course of business) or guarantees or indebtedness by the Company to or for the benefit of any of the officers or directors
of the Company, or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.

(ee)
No Reliance. The Company has not relied upon the Sales Agent or legal counsel for the Sales Agent for any legal, tax or accounting
advice in connection with the offering and sale of the Placement Shares.

(ff)
Broker-Dealer Status. Neither the Company nor any of its related entities (i) is required to register as a broker
or dealer in accordance with the provisions of the Exchange Act or (ii) directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
controls or is a person associated with a member or associated person of a member (within the meaning of
Article I of the NASD Manual administered by FINRA). To the Companys knowledge, there are no affiliations or associations between
any member of FINRA and any of the Companys officers, directors or 5% or greater security holders, except as set forth in the
Registration Statement.

(gg)
Public Float Calculation. At the time the Registration Statement and any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement was or will be filed
with the Commission, at the time the Registration Statement and any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement was or will be declared effective
by the Commission, and at the time the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K was filed with the Commission, the Company
met or will meet the then applicable requirements for the use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act, notwithstanding the disclosures contained
in Section 6(xx) below. As of the close of trading on the Exchange on January 23, 2025, the aggregate market value of the outstanding
voting and non-voting common equity (as defined in Rule 405) of the Company held by persons other than affiliates of the Company (pursuant
to Rule 144 of the Securities Act, those that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, control, or are controlled
by, or are under common control with, the Company) (the Non-Affiliate Shares), was approximately $6,300,659
(calculated by multiplying (x) the price ($2.27) at which the common equity of the Company was last sold on the Exchange on December
5, 2024 by (y) (2,775,621 shares) the number of Non-Affiliate Shares outstanding on January 23, 2025). The Company is not a shell
company (as defined in Rule 405) and has not been a shell company for at least 12 calendar months previously and if it has been a shell
company at any time previously, has filed current Form 10 information (as defined in Instruction I.B.6. of Form S-3) with the Commission
at least 12 calendar months previously reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

(hh)
FINRA Matters. All of the information provided to the Sales Agent or to counsel for the Sales Agent by the Company, its counsel,
its officers and directors and, to the Companys knowledge, the holders of any securities (debt or equity) or options to acquire
any securities of the Company in connection with the offering of the Placement Shares is true, complete, correct and compliant with FINRAs
rules in all material respects and any letters, filings or other supplemental information provided to FINRA pursuant to FINRA Rules or
NASD Conduct Rules is true, complete and correct in all material respects. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the
Prospectus, there is no (i) officer or director of the Company, (ii) beneficial owner of 5% or more of any class of the Companys
securities or (iii) beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered equity securities that were acquired during the 180-day period
immediately preceding the date of this Agreement that is an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the offer,
issuance and sale of the Placement Shares as contemplated by this Agreement and the Registration Statement and the Prospectus (as determined
in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA).

12

(ii)
Compliance with Orders. The Company is not in violation of any material judgment, decree, or order of any court, arbitrator or
other governmental authority.

(jj)
SarbanesOxley Act. The Company is in material compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) that
are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are
effective as of the date hereof.

(kk)
Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, the Company maintains
systems of internal control over financial reporting (as defined under Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act)
that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act and have been designed by, or under the supervision of, their respective principal
executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including, but not
limited to, internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
managements general or specific authorization; (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets
at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences; and (v) the interactive data in eXtensible Business
Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus fairly present the information
called for in all material respects and are prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto.
Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, there has been no
change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting.

(ll)
ERISA. The Company and any employee benefit plan (as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (collectively, ERISA)) established
or maintained by the Company or its ERISA Affiliates (as defined below) are in compliance in all material respects with
ERISA. No reportable event (as defined under ERISA) has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any
employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates. No employee benefit
plan established or maintained by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates, if such employee benefit plan were
terminated, would have any amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined under ERISA). Neither the Company nor any
of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any material liability under (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect to
termination of, or withdrawal from, any employee benefit plan or (ii) Sections 412, 4971, 4975 or 4980B of the Code. Each
employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates that is intended to be qualified
under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and, to the knowledge of the Company, nothing has occurred, whether by action or failure
to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification. ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to the Company,
any member of any group of organizations described in Sections 414(b),(c),(m) or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (the Code) of which the Company is a member.

13

(mm)
Contracts and Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus conform in all
material respects to the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are no agreements or other documents required by the Securities
Act to be described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration
Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which
the Company is a party or by which it is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration Statement and the
Prospectus, or (ii) is material to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in
full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other
parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except as disclosed in the Prospectus or (x) as such enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification
or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance
and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before
which any proceeding therefor may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company, and neither the
Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, no event
has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder. To the best of the
Companys knowledge, performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in
a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic
or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses (each, a Governmental Entity),
including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations.

(nn)
Title to Properties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the ATM Prospectus, including, but
not limited to mortgages on certain of the Companys properties as well as certain delinquent property taxes and payment for certain
utilities, the Company has good and marketable title in fee simple to, or has valid rights to lease or otherwise use, all items of real
or personal property which are material to the business of the Company, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, security
interests, claims and defects that do not, singly or in the aggregate, materially affect the value of such property and do not interfere
with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company; and all of the leases and subleases material to the business
of the Company, and under which the Company holds properties described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, are in full
force and effect, and the Company has not received any notice of any material claim of any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse
to the rights of the Company under any of the leases or subleases mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company
to the continued possession of the leased or subleased premises under any such lease or sublease, which would result in a Material Adverse
Change.

14

(oo)
No Unlawful Contributions or Other Payments. No payments or inducements have been made or given, directly or indirectly, to any
federal or local official or candidate for, any federal or state office in the United States or foreign offices by the Company or any
of its officers or directors, or, to the knowledge of the Company, by any of its employees or agents or any other person in connection
with any opportunity, contract, permit, certificate, consent, order, approval, waiver or other authorization relating to the business
of the Company, except for such payments or inducements as were lawful under applicable laws, rules and regulations. Neither the Company,
nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee or other person associated with or acting on behalf of the
Company, (i) has used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political
activity; (ii) made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any government official or employee from corporate funds; or (iii) made
any bribe, unlawful rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment in connection with the business of the Company.

(pp)
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. None of the Company or, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee,
affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company, is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result
in a violation by such persons of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively,
the FCPA), including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate
commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property,
gift, promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything of value to any foreign official (as such term is defined
in the FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, in contravention of the
FCPA. The Company has conducted its business in compliance with the FCPA and has instituted and maintains policies and procedures designed
to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith.

(qq)
Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial
recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering
statutes of all jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued,
administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and no action,
suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company with respect
to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

(rr)
OFAC. None of the Company or, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or person acting
on behalf of the Company is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S.
Treasury Department (OFAC); and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering,
or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, for
the purpose of financing the activities of any person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.

15

(ss)
Exchange Listing. The Common Shares are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and is currently listed on the
Exchange under the trading symbol PW. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, there is no
action pending by the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, the Exchange to delist the Common Shares from the Exchange, nor has
the Company received any notification that the Exchange is contemplating terminating such listing. The Company has no intention to delist
the Common Shares from the Exchange or to deregister the Common Shares under the Exchange Act, in either case, at any time during the
period commencing on the date of this Agreement through and including the 90th calendar day after the termination of this Agreement.
The Placement Shares have been approved, or will be approved prior to first sales, for listing on the Exchange. The issuance and sale
of the Placement Shares under this Agreement does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Exchange.

(tt)
Margin Rules. The Company owns no margin securities as that term is defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board), and none of the proceeds from the issuance, sale
and delivery of the Placement Shares as contemplated by this Agreement and as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus
will be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security, for the purpose of reducing or retiring
any indebtedness which was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin security or for any other purpose which might cause any
of the Common Shares to be considered a purpose credit within the meanings of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve
Board.

(uu)
Underwriter Agreements. The Company is not a party to any agreement with an agent or underwriter for any other at the market
or continuous equity transaction.

(vv)
Board of Directors. The qualifications of the persons serving as board members of the Company and the overall composition of the
Companys Board of Directors comply with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the listing
rules of the Exchange applicable to the Company. At least one member of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company
qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined under Regulation S-K and the listing rules of
the Exchange. In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on the Board of Directors of the Company qualify as independent,
as defined under the listing rules of the Exchange.

(ww)
No Integration. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or
indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause
the offer and sale of the Placement Shares hereunder to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities
Act that would require the registration of any such securities under the Securities Act.

16

(xx)
No Material Defaults. Other than as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the ATM Prospectus, the Company
has not defaulted on any installment on indebtedness for borrowed money or on any rental on one or more long-term leases, which defaults,
individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Company has not filed a report
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act since the filing of its last Annual Report on Form 10-K, indicating that it (i)
has failed to pay any dividend or sinking fund installment on preferred stock or (ii) has defaulted on any installment on indebtedness
for borrowed money or on any rental on one or more long-term leases, which defaults, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company disclosed in its Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 filed with the Commission on October 31, 2024 that during the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, the Company did not declare quarterly dividends of approximately $490,000 ($0.484375 per share per quarter) on its
7.75% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock.

(yy)
Books and Records. The minute books of the Company have been made available to the Sales Agent and counsel for the Sales Agent,
and such books (i) contain a substantially complete summary of all meetings and material actions of the board of directors (including
each board committee) and shareholders of the Company (or analogous governing bodies and interest holders, as applicable) since 2023
through the date of the latest meeting and action, and (ii) accurately in all material respects reflect all transactions referred to
in such minutes.

(zz)
Regulations. The disclosures in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus concerning the effects of federal, state, local
and all foreign regulation on the Companys business in the past and as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects
and no other such regulations are required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus which are not so disclosed.

(aaa)
Confidentiality and Non-Competitions. To the Companys knowledge, no director, officer, key employee or consultant of the
Company is subject to any confidentiality, non-disclosure, non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer
or prior employer that could reasonably be expected to materially affect his ability to be and act in his respective capacity of the
Company or be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

(bbb)
Cybersecurity. (i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys information
technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers,
vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and
Data) and (y) the Company has not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably
be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company is presently in compliance
with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory
authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection
of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company has implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to
maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT
Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company has implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with commercially reasonable
industry standards and practices.

17

(ccc)
Real Estate Investment Trust. The Company has been organized and has operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification
and taxation as a real estate investment trust (a REIT) under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the Code), for its taxable years ended December 31, 2022 through December 31, 2023, and the Companys organization
and method of operation (as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus) will enable the Company to continue to meet the
requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code for its taxable year ending December 31, 2024 and thereafter. All
statements regarding the Companys qualification and taxation as a REIT set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus
are correct in all material respects.

Any
certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Sales Agent or to counsel for the Sales Agent pursuant to or in
connection with this Agreement shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company to the Sales Agent as to the matters
set forth therein.

The
Company acknowledges that the Sales Agent and, for purposes of the opinions to be delivered pursuant to Section 7 hereof, counsel
to the Company and counsel to the Sales Agent, will rely upon the accuracy and truthfulness of the foregoing representations and hereby
consents to such reliance.

7.
Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees with the Sales Agent that:

(a)
Registration Statement Amendments. After the date of this Agreement and during any period in which a Prospectus relating to any
Placement Shares is required to be delivered by the Sales Agent under the Securities Act (including in circumstances where such requirement
may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 153 or Rule 172 under the Securities Act), (i) the Company will notify the Sales Agent promptly of
the time when any subsequent amendment to the Registration Statement, other than documents incorporated by reference, has been filed
with the Commission and/or has become effective or any subsequent supplement to the Prospectus has been filed and of any request by the
Commission for any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional information; (ii) the Company
will prepare and file with the Commission, promptly upon the Sales Agents reasonable request, any amendments or supplements to
the Registration Statement or Prospectus that, in the Sales Agents reasonable opinion, may be necessary or advisable in connection
with the distribution of the Placement Shares by the Sales Agent (provided, however, that the failure of the Sales Agent
to make such request shall not relieve the Company of any obligation or liability hereunder, or affect the Sales Agents right
to rely on the representations and warranties made by the Company in this Agreement, and provided, further, that the only
remedy the Sales Agent shall have with respect to the failure to make such filing shall be to cease making sales under this Agreement
until such amendment or supplement is filed); (iii) the Company will not file any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement
or Prospectus, other than documents incorporated by reference, relating to the Placement Shares or a security convertible into the Placement
Shares unless a copy thereof has been submitted to the Sales Agent within a reasonable period of time before the filing and the Sales
Agent has not reasonably objected thereto (provided, however, that the failure of the Sales Agent to make such objection
shall not relieve the Company of any obligation or liability hereunder, or affect the Sales Agents right to rely on the representations
and warranties made by the Company in this Agreement, and provided, further, that the only remedy the Sales Agent shall
have with respect to the failure by the Company to obtain such consent shall be to cease making sales under this Agreement); (iv) the
Company will furnish to the Sales Agent at the time of filing thereof a copy of any document that upon filing is deemed to be incorporated
by reference into the Registration Statement or Prospectus, except for those documents available via EDGAR; and (v) the Company will
cause each amendment or supplement to the Prospectus, other than documents incorporated by reference, to be filed with the Commission
as required pursuant to the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8) of the Securities
Act) or, in the case of any documents incorporated by reference, to be filed with the Commission as required pursuant to the Exchange
Act, within the time period prescribed.

18

(b)
Notice of Commission Stop Orders. The Company will advise the Sales Agent, promptly after it receives notice or obtains knowledge
thereof, of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any notice
objecting to, or other order preventing or suspending the use of, the Prospectus, of the suspension of the qualification of the Placement
Shares for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation of any proceeding for any such purpose or any examination pursuant
to Section 8(e) of the Securities Act, or if the Company becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act in
connection with the offering of the Placement Shares; and it will promptly use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance
of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such a stop order should be issued. Until such time as any stop order is lifted, the
Sales Agent shall cease making offers and sales under this Agreement.

(c)
Delivery of Prospectus; Subsequent Changes. During any period in which a Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares is required
to be delivered by the Sales Agent under the Securities Act with respect to a pending sale of the Placement Shares (including in circumstances
where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 153 or Rule 172 under the Securities Act), the Company will comply in all material
respects with all requirements imposed upon it by the Securities Act, as from time to time in force, and to file on or before their respective
due dates all reports and any definitive proxy or information statements required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant
to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14, 15(d) or any other provision of or under the Exchange Act. If during such period any event occurs as a
result of which the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances then existing, not misleading, or if during
such period it is necessary to amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus to comply with the Securities Act, the Company
will promptly notify the Sales Agent to suspend the offering of Placement Shares during such period and the Company will promptly amend
or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus (at the expense of the Company) so as to correct such statement or omission or
effect such compliance; provided, however, that the Company may delay any such amendment or supplement if, in the reasonable
judgment of the Company, it is in the best interests of the Company to do so.

19

(d)
Listing of Placement Shares. During any period in which the Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares is required to be delivered
by the Sales Agent under the Securities Act with respect to a pending sale of the Placement Shares (including in circumstances where
such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 153 or Rule 172 under the Securities Act), the Company will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to cause the Placement Shares to be listed on the Exchange and to qualify the Placement Shares for sale under the securities
laws of such jurisdictions as the Sales Agent reasonably designates and to continue such qualifications in effect so long as required
for the distribution of the Placement Shares; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith
to qualify as a foreign corporation or dealer in securities or file a general consent to service of process in any jurisdiction.

(e)
Delivery of Registration Statement and Prospectus. The Company will furnish to the Sales Agent and its counsel (at the expense
of the Company) electronic copies of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus (including all documents incorporated by reference therein)
and all amendments and supplements to the Registration Statement or Prospectus that are filed with the Commission during any period in
which a Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares is required to be delivered under the Securities Act (including all documents filed
with the Commission during such period that are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein), in each case as soon as reasonably practicable
and in such quantities as the Sales Agent may from time to time reasonably request and, at the Sales Agents request, will also
furnish electronic copies of the Prospectus to each exchange or market on which sales of the Placement Shares may be made; provided,
however, that the Company shall not be required to furnish any document (other than the Prospectus) to the Sales Agent to the
extent such document is available on EDGAR.

(f)
Earnings Statement. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable, but in any event
not later than 15 months after the end of the Companys current fiscal quarter, an earnings statement of the Company (which need
not be audited) covering a 12-month period that complies with Section 11(a) and Rule 158 of the Securities Act. The terms earnings
statement and make generally available to its security holders shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 158 under
the Securities Act.

(g)
Expenses. The Company, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereunder are consummated or this Agreement is terminated
in accordance with the provisions of Section 11 hereunder, will pay the following expenses all incident to the performance of
its obligations hereunder, including, but not limited to, expenses relating to (i) the preparation and filing of the Registration Statement
and each amendment and supplement thereto, of each Prospectus and of each amendment and supplement thereto, (ii) the preparation, issuance
and delivery of the Placement Shares, including any stock or other transfer taxes and any stamp or other duties payable upon the sale,
issuance or delivery of the Placement Shares to the Sales Agent, (iii) the fees and disbursements of the counsel, accountants and other
advisors to the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (iv) the qualification of the Placement Shares
under securities laws in accordance with the provisions of Section 7(d) of this Agreement, including filing fees (provided,
however, that any fees or disbursements of counsel for the Sales Agent in connection therewith shall be paid by the Sales Agent
except as set forth in (ix) below), (v) the printing and delivery to the Sales Agent of copies of the Prospectus and any amendments or
supplements thereto, and of this Agreement, (vi) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing or qualification of the
Placement Shares for trading on the Exchange, (vii) the fees and expenses of the transfer agent or registrar for the Common Shares, (viii)
filing fees and expenses, if any, of the Commission and the FINRA Corporate Financing Department (provided, however, that
any fees or disbursements of counsel for the Sales Agent in connection therewith shall be paid by the Sales Agent except as set forth
in (ix) below), (ix) the Company shall reimburse the Sales Agent for its reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including
but not limited to the Sales Agents transaction costs and the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel to the Sales
Agent) in an amount not to exceed $50,000 (the Sales Agent Expenses),
which Sales Agent Expenses shall be due and payable upon execution of this Agreement, provided further that the
Company shall reimburse the Sales Agent for its reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses related to quarterly maintenance of
the Agreement (including but not limited to the Sales Agents transaction costs and the reasonable and documented fees and expenses
of counsel to the Sales Agent) on a quarterly basis in an amount not to exceed $5,000 (and in no event more than $20,000 per fiscal year)
which shall be due and payable prior to each Representation Date following the filing of an Annual Report on Form 10-K or quarterly report
on Form 10-Q; provided that such reimbursement shall only be due and payable to the extent that the Company elects to provide deliverables
to the Agent on such Representation Date.

20

(h)
Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the Net Proceeds as described in the Prospectus in the section entitled Use of Proceeds.

(i)
Notice of Other Sales. The Company (A) shall provide the Sales Agent notice as promptly as reasonably possible before it offers
to sell, contracts to sell, sells, grants any option to sell or otherwise disposes of any Common Shares (other than Placement Shares
offered pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement) or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Shares, or warrants or
any rights to purchase or acquire Common Shares, during the period beginning on the second (2nd) Trading Day immediately prior to the
date on which any Placement Notice is delivered to the Sales Agent hereunder and ending on the second (2nd) Trading Day immediately
following the final Settlement Date with respect to Placement Shares sold pursuant to such Placement Notice (or, if the Placement Notice
has been terminated or suspended prior to the sale of all Placement Shares covered by a Placement Notice, the second (2nd) Trading Day
immediately following the date of such suspension or termination), and (B) will not directly or indirectly engage in any other at
the market or continuous equity transaction offer to sell, sell, contract to sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose
of any Common Shares (other than the Placement Shares offered pursuant to this Agreement) or securities convertible into or exchangeable
for Common Shares, warrants or any rights to purchase or acquire, Common Shares prior to the termination of this Agreement without the
prior written consent of the Sales Agent; provided, however, that such notice requirements or restrictions, as the case
may be, will not be required in connection with the Companys issuance or sale of (i) Common Shares, options to purchase Common
Shares, other equity awards or Common Shares issuable upon the exercise of options or other equity awards, pursuant to any employee or
director stock option or benefits plan, stock ownership plan or dividend reinvestment plan of the Company whether now in effect or hereafter
implemented, (ii) Common Shares issuable upon exchange, conversion or redemption of securities, including convertible debt or preferred
stock of the Company, or the exercise of warrants, options, or other rights in effect or outstanding, and disclosed in filings by the
Company available on EDGAR or otherwise in writing (including by email correspondence) to the Sales Agent, and (iii) Common Shares or
securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Shares as consideration for mergers, acquisitions, sale or purchase of assets
or other business combinations or strategic alliances occurring after the date of this Agreement that are not issued for capital raising
purposes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall provide the Sales Agent notice at least two (2) days prior to pursuing any
private or public offerings of equity and/or other securities (including debt securities) in one or more transactions.

(j)
Change of Circumstances. The Company will, at any time during a fiscal quarter in which the Company intends to tender a Placement
Notice or sell Placement Shares, advise the Sales Agent promptly after it shall have received notice or obtained knowledge thereof, of
any information or fact that would alter or affect in any material respect any opinion, certificate, letter or other document provided
to the Sales Agent pursuant to this Agreement.

(k)
Due Diligence Cooperation. The Company will cooperate with any reasonable due diligence review conducted by the Sales Agent or
its agents in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, providing information and making available
documents and senior corporate officers, during regular business hours and at the Companys principal offices, as the Sales Agent
may reasonably request.

21

(l)
Required Filings Relating to Placement of Placement Shares. The Company shall set forth in each Annual Report on Form 10-K and
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Company with the Commission in respect of any quarter in which sales of Placement Shares were
made by or through the Sales Agent under this Agreement, with regard to the relevant period, the amount of Placement Shares sold to or
through the Sales Agent, the Net Proceeds to the Company and the compensation payable by the Company to the Sales Agent with respect
to such sales of Placement Shares. To the extent that the filing of a prospectus supplement with the Commission with respect to any sales
of Placement Shares becomes required under Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, the Company agrees that, on or before such dates as
the Securities Act shall require, the Company will (i) file a prospectus supplement with the Commission under the applicable paragraph
of Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, which prospectus supplement will set forth, with regard to the relevant period, the amount of
Placement Shares sold to or through the Sales Agent, the Net Proceeds to the Company and the compensation payable by the Company to the
Sales Agent with respect to such Placement Shares, and (ii) deliver such number of copies of each such prospectus supplement to each
exchange or market on which such sales were effected as may be required by the rules or regulations of such exchange or market. The Company
shall afford the Sales Agent and its counsel with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon, shall consult with the Sales Agent
and its counsel on the form and substance of, and shall give due consideration to all such comments from the Sales Agent or its counsel
on, any such filing prior to the issuance, filing or public disclosure thereof; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required
to submit for review (A) any portion of any periodic reports filed with the Commission under the Exchange Act other than the specific
disclosure relating to any sales of Placement Shares and (B) any disclosure contained in periodic reports filed with the Commission under
the Exchange Act if it shall have previously provided the same disclosure for review in connection with a previous filing.

(m)
Representation Dates; Certificate. On or prior to the date the first Placement Notice is given hereunder and each time the Company
(i) files the Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares or amends or supplements the Registration Statement or the Prospectus relating
to the Placement Shares (other than (A) a prospectus supplement filed in accordance with Section 7(l) of this Agreement or (B)
a supplement or amendment that relates to an offering of securities other than the Placement Shares) by means of a post-effective amendment,
sticker, or supplement but not by means of incorporation of document(s) by reference to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus
relating to the Placement Shares; (ii) files an Annual Report on Form 10-K under the Exchange Act (including any Form 10-K/A containing
amended financial information or a material amendment to the previously filed Form 10-K); (iii) files a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
under the Exchange Act; or (iv) files a Current Report on Form 8-K containing amended financial information (other than an earnings release,
to furnish information pursuant to Items 2.02 or 7.01 of Form 8-K or to provide disclosure pursuant to Item 8.01 of Form
8-K relating to the reclassification of certain properties as discontinued operations in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 144) under the Exchange Act (each date of filing of one or more of the documents referred to in clauses (i) through (iv)
shall be a Representation Date), the Company shall furnish the Sales Agent within three (3) Trading Days
after each Representation Date with a certificate, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 7(m). The requirement to provide a certificate
under this Section 7(m) shall be waived for any Representation Date occurring at a time at which no Placement Notice is pending,
which waiver shall continue until the earlier to occur of the date the Company delivers a Placement Notice hereunder (which for such
calendar quarter shall be considered a Representation Date) and the next occurring Representation Date; provided, however,
that such waiver shall not apply for any Representation Date on which the Company files its annual report on Form 10-K. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the Company subsequently decides to sell Placement Shares following a Representation Date when the Company relied on
such waiver and did not provide the Sales Agent with a certificate under this Section 7(m), then before the Company delivers the
Placement Notice or the Sales Agent sells any Placement Shares, the Company shall provide the Sales Agent with a certificate, in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit 7(m), dated the date of the Placement Notice.

22

(n)
Legal Opinion. On or prior to the date the first Placement Notice is given hereunder, the Company shall cause to be furnished
to the Sales Agent (i) the written opinion and negative assurance of, Blank Rome LLP, as corporate counsel to the Company (Company
Corporate Counsel), and (ii) a written opinion of Neuberger, Quinn, Gielen, Rubin & Gibber, P.A. (Company
Tax Counsel) as to tax matters dated as of the date such opinion is delivered, and (iii) a written opinion of Gordon Feinblatt
LLC (Maryland Company Counsel) as to Maryland corporate matters dated as of the date such opinion is delivered,
in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent (Company Corporate Counsel, Company Tax Counsel and Maryland
Company Counsel, collectively, Company Counsel). Thereafter, within three (3) Trading Days after each Representation
Date with respect to which the Company is obligated to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 7(m) for which no waiver is applicable
pursuant to Section 7(m), the Company shall cause to be furnished to the Sales Agent the written opinion and negative assurance
of Company Counsel substantially in the forms previously agreed between the Company and the Sales Agent, modified, as necessary, to relate
to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented; provided, however, that if Company Counsel
has previously furnished to the Sales Agent such written opinion and negative assurance of such counsel, in each case substantially in
the forms previously agreed between the Company and the Sales Agent, then each Company Counsel may, in respect of any future Representation
Date, furnish the Sales Agent with a letter signed by such counsel (each, a Reliance Letter) in lieu of such
opinion and negative assurance of such counsel to the effect that the Sales Agent may rely on the prior opinion and negative assurance
of such counsel delivered pursuant to this Section 7(n) to the same extent as if it were dated the date of such Reliance Letter
(except that statements in such prior opinion and negative assurance shall be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement and the
Prospectus as amended or supplemented to the date of such Reliance Letter).

(o)
Comfort Letter. On or prior to the date the first Placement Notice is given hereunder and within three (3) Trading Days after
each subsequent Representation Date with respect to which the Company is obligated to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 7(m)
for which no waiver is applicable pursuant to Section 7(m), the Company shall cause its independent accountants to furnish the Sales
Agent letters (the Comfort Letters), dated the date that the Comfort Letter is delivered, in form and substance
satisfactory to the Sales Agent, (i) confirming that they are an independent registered public accounting firm within the meaning of
the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the PCAOB and are in compliance with the applicable requirements
relating to the qualification of accountants under Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X of the Commission, (ii) stating, as of such date, the
conclusions and findings of such firm with respect to the financial information and other matters ordinarily covered by accountants
comfort letters to the Sales Agent in connection with registered public offerings (the first such letter, the Initial
Comfort Letter) and (iii) updating the Initial Comfort Letter with any information that would have been included in the
Initial Comfort Letter had it been given on such date and modified as necessary to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus,
as amended and supplemented to the date of such letter.

(p)
Market Activities. The Company will not, directly or indirectly, (i) take any action designed to cause or result in, or that constitutes
or might reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of the Common Shares or (ii) sell, bid for, or purchase Common Shares in violation of Regulation M, or pay anyone
any compensation for soliciting purchases of the Placement Shares other than the Sales Agent.

(q)
Insurance. The Company shall maintain insurance in such amounts and covering such risks as it believes to be reasonable and customary
for the business in which it is engaged.

(r)
Investment Company Act. The Company will conduct its affairs in such a manner so as to reasonably ensure that it is not and, after
giving effect to the offering and sale of the Placement Shares and the application of proceeds therefrom as described in the Prospectus,
will not be, an investment company within the meaning of such term under the Investment Company Act.

(s)
Securities Act and Exchange Act. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to comply with all requirements imposed upon
it by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act as from time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of,
or dealings in, the Placement Shares as contemplated by the provisions hereof and the Prospectus.

23

(t)
No Offer to Sell. Other than the Prospectus and an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus approved in advance by the Company and the Sales
Agent in its capacity as principal or agent hereunder, neither the Sales Agent nor the Company (including its agents and representatives,
other than the Sales Agent in its capacity as such) will make, use, prepare, authorize, approve or refer to any written communication
(as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act), required to be filed with the Commission, that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation
of an offer to buy Placement Shares hereunder.

(u)
Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to comply with all effective applicable provisions of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

(v)
Transfer Agent. The Company shall maintain, at its sole expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Common Shares.

8.
Conditions to the Sales Agents Obligations. The obligations of the Sales Agent hereunder with respect to a Placement will
be subject to the continuing accuracy and completeness of the representations and warranties made by the Company herein, to the due performance
by the Company of its obligations hereunder, to the completion by the Sales Agent of a due diligence review satisfactory to the Sales
Agent in its reasonable judgment, and to the continuing satisfaction (or waiver by the Sales Agent in its sole discretion) of the following
additional conditions:

(a)
Registration Statement Effective. The Registration Statement shall be effective and shall be available for the sale of all Placement
Shares contemplated to be issued by any Placement Notice.

(b)
Securities Act Filings Made. All filings with the Commission required by Rule 424(b) or Rule 433 under the Securities Act to have
been filed prior to the issuance of any Placement Notice hereunder shall have been made within the applicable time period prescribed
for such filing by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8) of the Securities Act) or Rule 433, as applicable.

(c)
No Material Notices. None of the following events shall have occurred and be continuing: (i) receipt by the Company of any request
for additional information from the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority during the period of effectiveness
of the Registration Statement, the response to which would require any post-effective amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement
or the Prospectus; (ii) the issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; (iii) receipt by the Company of
any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Placement Shares for
sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; (iv) the occurrence of any event that makes
any material statement made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or any material document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated
therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement, related
Prospectus or such documents so that, in the case of the Registration Statement, it will not contain any materially untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading
and, that in the case of the Prospectus, it will not contain any materially untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading.

24

(d)
No Misstatement or Material Omission. The Sales Agent shall not have advised the Company that the Registration Statement or Prospectus,
or any amendment or supplement thereto, contains an untrue statement of fact that in the Sales Agents reasonable opinion is material,
or omits to state a fact that in the Sales Agents reasonable opinion is material and is required to be stated therein or is necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading.

(e)
Material Changes. Except as contemplated in the Prospectus, or disclosed in the Companys reports filed with the Commission,
there shall not have been any material adverse change in the authorized capital stock of the Company or any Material Adverse Change or
any development that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, the effect of which, in the reasonable judgment
of the Sales Agent (without relieving the Company of any obligation or liability it may otherwise have), is so material as to make it
impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering of the Placement Shares on the terms and in the manner contemplated by this
Agreement and the Prospectus.

(f)
Representation Certificate. The Sales Agent shall have received the certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section
7(m) on or before the date on which delivery of such certificate is required pursuant to Section 7(m).

(g)
Legal Opinion. The Sales Agent shall have received the opinion and negative assurance of Company Counsel required to be delivered
pursuant to Section 7(n) on or before the date on which such delivery of such opinion and negative assurance is required pursuant
to Section 7(n).

(h)
Comfort Letter. The Sales Agent shall have received the Comfort Letter required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7(o)
on or before the date on which such delivery of such Comfort Letter is required pursuant to Section 7(o).

(i)
Secretarys Certificate. On or prior to the date the first Placement Notice is given hereunder, the Sales Agent shall have
received a certificate, signed on behalf of the Company by its corporate secretary, certifying as to (i) the declaration of trust of
the Company (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time), (ii) the bylaws of the Company (as the same may be amended or
restated from time to time), (iii) the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company (or a committee thereof) authorizing the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the issuance of the Placement Shares and (iv) the incumbency of the officers
duly authorized to execute this Agreement and the other documents contemplated by this Agreement.

(j)
No Suspension. Trading in the Common Shares shall not have been suspended on the Exchange and the Common Shares shall not have
been delisted from the Exchange.

(k)
Other Materials. On each date on which the Company is required to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 7(m), the Company
shall have furnished to the Sales Agent such appropriate further opinions, certificates, letters and documents as the Sales Agent may
have reasonably requested. All such opinions, certificates, letters and other documents shall have been in compliance with the provisions
hereof. The Company will furnish the Sales Agent with such conformed copies of such opinions, certificates, letters and other documents
as the Sales Agent shall have reasonably requested.

25

(l)
Approval for Listing. The Placement Shares shall either have been (i) approved for listing on the Exchange, subject only to notice
of issuance, or (ii) the Company shall have filed an application for listing of the Placement Shares on the Exchange at, or prior to,
the issuance of any Placement Notice.

(m)
No Termination Event. There shall not have occurred any event that would permit the Sales Agent to terminate this Agreement pursuant
to Section 11(a).

(n)
FINRA. The Sales Agent shall have received a letter from the Corporate Financing Department of FINRA confirming that such department
has determined to raise no objection with respect to the fairness or reasonableness of the terms and arrangements related to the sale
of the Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement.

9.
Indemnification and Contribution.

(a)
Company Indemnification. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Sales Agent, the directors, officers, members,
partners, employees and agents of the Sales Agent each broker dealer affiliate of the Sales Agent, and each Sales Agent Affiliate, if
any, from and against any and all losses, claims, liabilities, expenses and damages (including, but not limited to, any and all reasonable
investigative, legal and other expenses incurred in connection with, and any and all amounts paid in settlement (in accordance with Section
9(c)) of, any action, suit or proceeding between any of the indemnified parties and any indemnifying parties or between any indemnified
party and any third party, or otherwise, or any claim asserted), as and when incurred, to which the Sales Agent, or any such person,
may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal or state statutory law or regulation, at common law or
otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, liabilities, expenses or damages arise out of or are based, directly or indirectly, on (x)
any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or any
amendment or supplement thereto or in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or in any application or other document executed by or on behalf
of the Company or based on written information furnished by or on behalf of the Company filed in any jurisdiction in order to qualify
the Common Shares under the securities laws thereof or filed with the Commission, (y) the omission or alleged omission to state in any
such document a material fact required to be stated in it or necessary to make the statements in it not misleading or (z) any breach
by any of the indemnifying parties of any of their respective representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement;
provided, however, that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to the extent that such loss, claim, liability, expense or damage
arises from the sale of the Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement and is caused directly by an untrue statement or omission made
in reliance upon and in strict conformity with written information relating to the Sales Agent and furnished to the Company by the Sales
Agent expressly for inclusion in any document as described in clause (x) of this Section 9(a). This indemnity agreement will be
in addition to any liability that the Company might otherwise have.

26

(b)
The Sales Agent Indemnification. The Sales Agent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its directors and each
officer of the Company that signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who (i) controls the Company within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act or (ii) is controlled by or is under common control with the Company
(each, a Company Affiliate) from and against any and all losses, claims, liabilities, expenses and damages
(including, but not limited to, any and all reasonable investigative, legal and other expenses incurred in connection with, and any and
all amounts paid in settlement (in accordance with Section 9(c)) of, any action, suit or proceeding between any of the indemnified
parties and any indemnifying parties or between any indemnified party and any third party, or otherwise, or any claim asserted), as and
when incurred, to which any such Company Affiliate, may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal or
state statutory law or regulation, at common law or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, liabilities, expenses or damages arise
out of or are based, directly or indirectly, on (x) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in
the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, or (y) the omission or alleged omission to state
in any such document a material fact required to be stated in it or necessary to make the statements in it not misleading; provided,
however, that this indemnity agreement shall apply only to the extent that such loss, claim, liability, expense or damage is caused
directly by an untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in strict conformity with written information relating to the Sales
Agent and furnished to the Company by the Sales Agent expressly for inclusion in any document as described in clause (x) of this Section
9(b).

(c)
Procedure. Any party that proposes to assert the right to be indemnified under this Section 9 will, promptly after receipt
of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim is to be made against an indemnifying party or
parties under this Section 9, notify each such indemnifying party of the commencement of such action, enclosing a copy of all
papers served, but the omission so to notify such indemnifying party will not relieve the indemnifying party from (i) any liability that
it might have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 9 and (ii) any liability that it may have to any indemnified
party under the foregoing provision of this Section 9 unless, and only to the extent that, such omission results in the forfeiture
of substantive rights or defenses by the indemnifying party. If any such action is brought against any indemnified party and it notifies
the indemnifying party of its commencement, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in and, to the extent that it elects
by delivering written notice to the indemnified party promptly after receiving notice of the commencement of the action from the indemnified
party, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense of the action, with counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified party of its election to assume the defense,
the indemnifying party will not be liable to the indemnified party for any legal or other expenses except as provided below and except
for the reasonable costs of investigation subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection with the defense. The indemnified
party will have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action, but the fees, expenses and other charges of such counsel will
be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (1) the employment of counsel by the indemnified party has been authorized in writing
by the indemnifying party, (2) the indemnified party has reasonably concluded (based on advice of counsel) that there may be legal defenses
available to it or other indemnified parties that are different from or in addition to those available to the indemnifying party, (3)
a conflict or potential conflict exists (based on advice of counsel to the indemnified party) between the indemnified party and the indemnifying
party (in which case the indemnifying party will not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified
party) or (4) the indemnifying party has not in fact employed counsel to assume the defense of such action within a reasonable time after
receiving notice of the commencement of the action, in each of which cases the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel
will be at the expense of the indemnifying party or parties. It is understood that the indemnifying party or parties shall not, in connection
with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges
of more than one separate firm admitted to practice in such jurisdiction at any one time for all such indemnified party or parties. All
such fees, disbursements and other charges will be reimbursed by the indemnifying party promptly as they are incurred. An indemnifying
party will not, in any event, be liable for any settlement of any action or claim effected without its written consent. No indemnifying
party shall, without the prior written consent of each indemnified party, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment
in any pending or threatened claim, action or proceeding relating to the matters contemplated by this Section 9 (whether or not
any indemnified party is a party thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent includes an unconditional release of each indemnified
party from all liability arising or that may arise out of such claim, action or proceeding.

27

(d)
Contribution. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided for
in the foregoing paragraphs of this Section 9 is applicable in accordance with its terms but for any reason is held to be unavailable
from the Company or the Sales Agent, the Company and the Sales Agent will contribute to the total losses, claims, liabilities, expenses
and damages (including any investigative, legal and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement
of, any action, suit or proceeding or any claim asserted, but after deducting any contribution received by the Company from persons other
than the Sales Agent, such as persons who control the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act, officers of the Company who signed
the Registration Statement and directors of the Company, who also may be liable for contribution) to which the Company and the Sales
Agent may be subject in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand
and the Sales Agent on the other. The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Sales Agent on the other hand
shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total Net Proceeds from the sale of the Placement Shares received by the Company
bear to the total compensation received by the Sales Agent from the sale of Placement Shares on behalf of the Company. If, but only if,
the allocation provided by the foregoing sentence is not permitted by applicable law, the allocation of contribution shall be made in
such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in the foregoing sentence but also the relative
fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Sales Agent, on the other, with respect to the statements or omission that resulted in
such loss, claim, liability, expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations
with respect to such offering. Such relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company
or the Sales Agent, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent
such statement or omission. The Company and the Sales Agent agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to
this Section 9(d) were to be determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account
the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, liability,
expense, or damage, or action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 9(d) shall be deemed to include, for the purpose
of this Section 9(d), any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating
or defending any such action or claim to the extent consistent with Section 9(c) hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions
of this Section 9(d), the Sales Agent shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the commissions received by
it under this Agreement and no person found guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities
Act) will be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section
9(d), any person who controls a party to this Agreement within the meaning of the Securities Act will have the same rights to contribution
as that party (and any officers, directors, members, partners, employees or agents of the Sales Agent and each broker dealer affiliate
of the Sales Agent will have the same rights to contribution as the Sales Agent), and each officer of the Company who signed the Registration
Statement and each director of the Company will have the same rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each case to the provisions
hereof. Any party entitled to contribution, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect
of which a claim for contribution may be made under this Section 9(d), will notify any such party or parties from whom contribution
may be sought, but the omission to so notify will not relieve that party or parties from whom contribution may be sought from any other
obligation it or they may have under this Section 9(d) except to the extent that the failure to so notify such other party materially
prejudiced the substantive rights or defenses of the party from whom contribution is sought. Except for a settlement entered into pursuant
to the last sentence of Section 9(c) hereof, no party will be liable for contribution with respect to any action or claim settled
without its written consent if such consent is required pursuant to Section 9(c) hereof.

28

10.
Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery. The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in Section 9 of
this Agreement and all representations and warranties of the Company herein or in certificates delivered pursuant hereto shall survive,
as of their respective dates, regardless of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of the Sales Agent, any controlling person of
the Sales Agent, or the Company (or any of their respective officers, directors, members or controlling persons), (ii) delivery and acceptance
of the Placement Shares and payment therefor or (iii) any termination of this Agreement.

11.
Termination.

(a)
The Sales Agent shall have the right by giving notice as hereinafter specified at any time to terminate this Agreement if (i) any Material
Adverse Change, or any development that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change has occurred that, in the
reasonable judgment of the Sales Agent, may materially impair the ability of the Sales Agent to sell the Placement Shares hereunder,
(ii) the Company shall have failed, refused or been unable to perform any agreement on its part to be performed hereunder; provided,
however, in the case of any failure of the Company to deliver (or cause another person to deliver) any certification, opinion,
or letter required under Sections 7(m), 7(n), 7(o) or 7(p), the Sales Agents right to terminate shall
not arise unless such failure to deliver (or cause to be delivered) continues for more than thirty (30) days from the date such delivery
was required, (iii) any other condition of the Sales Agents obligations hereunder is not fulfilled, or (iv) any suspension or
limitation of trading in the Placement Shares or in securities generally on the Exchange shall have occurred (including automatic halt
in trading pursuant to market-decline triggers, other than those in which solely program trading is temporarily halted), or a major disruption
of securities settlements or clearing services in the United States shall have occurred, or minimum prices for trading have been fixed
on the Exchange. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Section
7(g) (Expenses), Section 9 (Indemnification and Contribution), Section 10 (Representations and Agreements to Survive
Delivery), Section 11(f), Section 16 (Applicable Law; Consent to Jurisdiction) and Section 17 (Waiver of Jury Trial)
hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination. If the Sales Agent elects to terminate this Agreement
as provided in this Section 11(a), the Sales Agent shall provide the required notice as specified in Section 12 (Notices).

(b)
The Company shall have the right, by giving two (2) days notice as hereinafter specified in Section 12, to terminate this
Agreement in its sole discretion at any time after the date of this Agreement. Any such termination shall be without liability of any
party to any other party except that the provisions of Section 7(g), Section 9, Section 10, Section 11(f),
Section 16 and Section 17 hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination.

(c)
The Sales Agent shall have the right, by giving two (2) days notice as hereinafter specified in Section 12, to terminate
this Agreement in its sole discretion at any time after the date of this Agreement. Any such termination shall be without liability of
any party to any other party except that the provisions of Section 7(g), Section 9, Section 10, Section 11(f),
Section 16 and Section 17 hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination.

(d)
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Section 11, this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the earlier to occur
of (i) issuance and sale of all of the Placement Shares to or through the Sales Agent on the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth herein and (ii) the expiration of the Registration Statement on the third (3rd) anniversary of the initial effective
date of the Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 415(a)(5) under the Securities Act; provided that the provisions of Section
7(g), Section 9, Section 10, Section 11(f), Section 16 and Section 17 hereof shall remain in full
force and effect notwithstanding such termination.

(e)
This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect unless terminated pursuant to Sections 11(a), (b), (c) or (d)
above or otherwise by mutual agreement of the parties; provided, however, that any such termination by mutual agreement
shall in all cases be deemed to provide that Section 7(g), Section 9, Section 10, Section 11(f), Section
16 and Section 17 shall remain in full force and effect.

(f)
Any termination of this Agreement shall be effective on the date specified in such notice of termination; provided, however,
that such termination shall not be effective until the close of business on the date of receipt of such notice by the Sales Agent or
the Company, as the case may be. If such termination shall occur prior to the Settlement Date for any sale of Placement Shares, such
termination shall not become effective until the close of business on such Settlement Date and such Placement Shares shall settle in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

29

12.
Notices. All notices or other communications required or permitted to be given by any party to any other party pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement shall be in writing, unless otherwise specified, and if sent to the Sales Agent, shall be delivered to:

A.G.P./Alliance
Global Partners

590
Madison Avenue

New
York, NY 10022

Attention:
Tom Higgins

Email:
atm@allianceg.com

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Duane
Morris LLP

1540
Broadway

New
York, NY 10036

Attention:
James T. Seery

Email:
jtseery@duanemorris.com

and
if to the Company, shall be delivered to:

Power
REIT

301
Winding Road

Old
Bethpage, NY 11804

Telephone:
(212) 750-0371

Email:
david@dlesser.com

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Blank
Rome LLP

1271
Avenue of the Americas

New
York, NY 10020

Attention:
Leslie Marlow, Esq. and Patrick J. Egan, Esq.

Email:
Leslie.Marlow@BlankRome.com or patrick.egan@blankrome.com

Each
party may change such address for notices by sending to the other party to this Agreement written notice of a new address for such purpose.
Each such notice or other communication shall be deemed given (i) when delivered personally on or before 4:30 p.m., New York City time,
on a Business Day or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day, (ii) on the next Business Day after timely
delivery to a nationally-recognized overnight courier and (iii) on the Business Day actually received if deposited in the U.S. mail (certified
or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid). For purposes of this Agreement, Business Day
shall mean any day on which the Exchange and commercial banks in the City of New York are open for business.

30

An
electronic communication (Electronic Notice) shall be deemed written notice for purposes of this Section
12 if sent to the electronic mail address specified by the receiving party under separate cover. Electronic Notice shall be deemed
received at the time the party sending Electronic Notice receives confirmation of receipt by the receiving party (other than pursuant
to auto-reply). Any party receiving Electronic Notice may request and shall be entitled to receive the notice on paper, in a nonelectronic
form (Nonelectronic Notice) which shall be sent to the requesting party within ten (10) days of receipt of
the written request for Nonelectronic Notice.

13.
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the Sales Agent and their
respective successors and permitted assigns and, as to Sections 5(b) and 9, the other indemnified parties specified therein.
References to any of the parties contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to include the successors and permitted assigns of such
party. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any other person any rights, remedies, obligations or
liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. Neither party may assign its rights
or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party; provided, however, that the Sales
Agent may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to an affiliate of the Sales Agent without obtaining the Companys consent.

14.
Adjustments for Share Splits. The parties acknowledge and agree that all share-related numbers contained in this Agreement shall
be adjusted to take into account any share split, share dividend or similar event effected with respect to the Common Shares.

15.
Entire Agreement; Amendment; Severability. This Agreement (including all schedules and exhibits attached hereto and Placement
Notices issued pursuant hereto) and any other writing entered into by the parties relating to this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
and supersedes all other prior and contemporaneous agreements and undertakings, both written and oral, among the parties hereto with
regard to the subject matter hereof. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended except pursuant to a written instrument
executed by the Company and the Sales Agent. In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained herein, or the application
thereof in any circumstance, is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable as written by a court of competent jurisdiction, then such provision
shall be given full force and effect to the fullest possible extent that it is valid, legal and enforceable, and the remainder of the
terms and provisions herein shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable term or provision was not contained herein,
but only to the extent that giving effect to such provision and the remainder of the terms and provisions hereof shall be in accordance
with the intent of the parties as reflected in this Agreement.

16.
Applicable Law; Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws
of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of laws. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute
hereunder or in connection with any transaction contemplated hereby, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit,
action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding
is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof (certified
or registered mail, return receipt requested) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees
that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed
to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law.

17.
Waiver of Jury Trial. The Company and the Sales Agent each hereby irrevocably waives any right it may have to a trial by jury
in respect of any claim based upon or arising out of this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby.

31

18.
Absence of Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that:

(a)
the Sales Agent is acting solely as agent in connection with the sale of the Placement Shares contemplated by this Agreement and the
process leading to such transactions, and no fiduciary or advisory relationship between the Company or any of its respective affiliates,
shareholders (or other equity holders), creditors or employees or any other party, on the one hand, and the Sales Agent, on the other
hand, has been or will be created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, irrespective of whether the Sales
Agent has advised or is advising the Company on other matters, and the Sales Agent has no obligation to the Company with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement;

(b)
the Company is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement;

(c)
the Sales Agent has not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, and the Company has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate;

(d)
the Company has been advised and is aware that the Sales Agent and its affiliates are engaged in a broad range of transactions which
may involve interests that differ from those of the Company and that the Sales Agent has no obligation to disclose such interests and
transactions to the Company by virtue of any fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship; and

(e)
the Company waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims it may have against the Sales Agent, for breach of fiduciary duty
or alleged breach of fiduciary duty and agrees that the Sales Agent shall have no liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract,
tort or otherwise) to the Company in respect of such a fiduciary claim or to any person asserting a fiduciary duty claim on behalf of
or in right of the Company, including shareholders, partners, employees or creditors of the Company.

19.
Use of Information. The Sales Agent may not provide any information gained in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including due diligence, to any third party other than its legal counsel advising it on this Agreement
unless expressly approved by the Company in writing.

20.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of
which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed Agreement by one party to the other may be made
by facsimile transmission.

21.
Effect of Headings; Knowledge of the Company. The section and Exhibit headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect
the construction hereof. All references in this Agreement to the knowledge of the Company or the Companys
knowledge or similar qualifiers shall mean the actual knowledge of the directors and officers of the Company, after due inquiry.

22.
Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following term has the meaning set forth below:

(a)
Applicable Time means the date of this Agreement, each Representation Date, each date on which a Placement Notice
is given, each Point of Sale, and each Settlement Date.

[Remainder
of Page Intentionally Blank]

32

If
the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Company and the Sales Agent, please so indicate in the space provided
below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between the Company and the Sales Agent.

Very
truly yours,

POWER
REIT

By: /s/
David H. Lesser

Name: David
H. Lesser

Title: Chairman
and CEO

ACCEPTED
as of the date first-above written:

A.G.P./ALLIANCE
GLOBAL PARTNERS

By: /s/
Tom Higgins

Name: Tom
Higgins

Title: Managing
Director

33

SCHEDULE
1

Form
of Placement Notice

From: Power
REIT

To: 

A.G.P./Alliance
Global Partners

Attention:
[]

Subject: 

Placement
Notice

Date: 

[],
20[]

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

Pursuant
to the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement) between
Power REIT, a Maryland real estate investment trust (the Company), and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (the
Sales Agent), dated January 24, 2025, the Company hereby requests that the Sales Agent sell up to
[] of the Companys Common Shares (the Placement Shares), at a minimum market price of $[]
per share, during the time period beginning [month, day, time] and ending [month, day, time] [and with no more than [] Placement
Shares sold in any one Trading Day].

[The
Company may include such other sale parameters as it deems appropriate.]

Capitalized
terms used and not defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Sales Agreement.

34

SCHEDULE
2

Notice
Parties

THE
COMPANY

David
Lesser

david@dlesser.com

THE
SALES AGENT

Tom
Higgins (thiggins@allianceg.com)

With
copies to:

atm@allianceg.com

35

SCHEDULE
3

Compensation

The
Company shall pay to the Sales Agent in cash, upon each sale of Placement Shares through the Sales Agent pursuant to this Agreement,
an amount equal to 3.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds from each sale of Placement Shares.*

*
The foregoing rate of compensation shall not apply when the Sales Agent purchases Placement Shares on a principal basis, in which case
the Company may sell the Placement Shares to the Sales Agent as principal at a price to be mutually agreed upon by the Company and the
Sales Agent at the relevant Point of Sale pursuant to the applicable Placement Notice (it being hereby acknowledged and agreed that the
Sales Agent shall be under no obligation to purchase Placement Shares on a principal basis pursuant to the Sales Agreement, except as
otherwise agreed by the Sales Agent and the Company in writing and expressly set forth in a Placement Notice).

36

Exhibit
7(m)

OFFICER
CERTIFICATE

The
undersigned, the duly qualified and appointed _____________________ of Power REIT, a Maryland real estate investment trust (the Company),
does hereby certify in such capacity and on behalf of the Company, pursuant to Section 7(m) of the Sales Agreement, dated January
24, 2025 (the Sales Agreement), between the Company and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, that:

(i) the
representations and warranties of the Company in Section 6 of the Sales Agreement (A) to the extent such representations and
warranties are subject to qualifications and exceptions contained therein relating to materiality or Material Adverse Change, are
true and correct on and as of the date hereof with the same force and effect as if expressly made on and as of the date hereof, except
for those representations and warranties that speak solely as of a specific date and which were true and correct as of such date,
and (B) to the extent such representations and warranties are not subject to any qualifications or exceptions, are true and correct
in all material respects as of the date hereof as if made on and as of the date hereof with the same force and effect as if expressly
made on and as of the date hereof except for those representations and warranties that speak solely as of a specific date and which
were true and correct as of such date; and;

(ii) the
Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied pursuant to the Sales
Agreement at or prior to the date hereof;

(iii) as
of the date hereof, (i) the Registration Statement does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) the Prospectus does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and (iii) no event
has occurred as a result of which it is necessary to amend or supplement the Registration Statement or the Prospectus in order to
make the statements therein not untrue or misleading for clauses (i) and (ii) above, respectively, to be true and correct;

(iv) there
has been no Material Adverse Change since the date as of which information is given in the Prospectus, as amended or supplemented;

(v) the
Company will not be in possession of any material non-public information at the time of delivery of any Placement Notice and/or as
long as such Placement Notice is effective; and

(vi) the
aggregate offering price of the Placement Shares that may be issued and sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement and the maximum number
or amount of Placement Shares that may be sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement have been duly authorized by the Companys board
of directors or a duly authorized committee thereof.

Terms
used herein and not defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Sales Agreement.

Dated: By: 

Name: 

Title: 

37
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>pw-20250124.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>pw-20250124_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>pw-20250124_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Shares 

7.75% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, Liquidation Preference $25 per Share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>pw-20250124_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 24, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 24, 2025

Entity File Number 001-36312

Entity Registrant Name POWER
REIT

Entity Central Index Key 0001532619

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Address Line One 45-3116572

Entity Address, Address Line Two (IRS
Employer Identification No.)

Entity Address, Address Line Three 301
Winding Road

Entity Address, City or Town Old
Bethpage

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 11804

City Area Code (212)

Local Phone Number 750-0371

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Shares 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Shares

Trading Symbol PW

Security Exchange Name NYSE

7.75% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, Liquidation Preference $25 per Share 

Title of 12(b) Security 7.75%
Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, Liquidation Preference $25 per Share

Trading Symbol PW.A

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=PW_CommonSharesMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=PW_Sec7.75SeriesCumulativeRedeemablePerpetualPreferredStockLiquidationPreference25PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://pwreit.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
pw-20250124.xsd 
pw-20250124_def.xml 
pw-20250124_lab.xml 
pw-20250124_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-003628-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001532619 

2025-01-24 
2025-01-24 

0001532619 

PW:CommonSharesMember 

2025-01-24 
2025-01-24 

0001532619 

PW:Sec7.75SeriesCumulativeRedeemablePerpetualPreferredStockLiquidationPreference25PerShareMember 

2025-01-24 
2025-01-24 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001532619 
8-K 
2025-01-24 
POWER REIT 
MD 
001-36312 
45-3116572 
(IRS Employer Identification No.) 
301 Winding Road 
Old Bethpage 
NY 
11804 
(212) 
750-0371 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Shares 
PW 
NYSE 
7.75% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, Liquidation Preference $25 per Share 
PW.A 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>