<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-010036.txt : 20250312
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-010036.hdr.sgml : 20250312
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250312160111
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-010036
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250312
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250312
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250312

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nano Nuclear Energy Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001923891
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42044
		FILM NUMBER:		25731636

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 TIMES SQUARE
		STREET 2:		30TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6046875792

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 TIMES SQUARE
		STREET 2:		30TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000192389100019238912025-03-122025-03-120001923891NNE:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-03-122025-03-12iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 12, 2025(March
6, 2025)

Nano
Nuclear Energy Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-42044 88-0861977

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

10
Times Square, 30th
Floor

New
York, New
York10018

(Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (212)634-9206

Not
Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share NNE The
NasdaqStock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

On
March 6, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of Nano Nuclear Energy Inc, a Nevada corporation (the Company),
upon the recommendation of the executive officers of the Company and the approval of the Compensation Committee of the Board, appointed
Dr. Florent Heidet as the Companys Chief Technology Officer (CTO) and Head of Reactor Development, effective immediately.
The Companys former Head of Reactor Development, James Walker, has resigned from his position as Head of Reactor Development,
effective immediately. Mr. Walker remains the Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company.

As
CTO, Dr. Heidet shall dedicate a significant portion of his time specifically to the Companys KRONOS MMRTM Energy System
given his deep familiarity with its design and development history, providing the technical oversight, strategic guidance, and continuity
of design intent. The remaining portion of Dr. Heidets time shall be allocated to providing general oversight, guidance, and strategic
direction to all aspects of the Companys various nuclear reactor programs and other technologies, subject to the direction of
the Chief Executive Officer, President, and/or Board. Dr. Heidet will report to both the Companys Chief Executive Officer and
the Companys President.

Employment
Agreement 

On
March 6, 2025, the Company entered into an Employment Agreement (the Heidet Employment Agreement) with Dr. Heidet, effective
on March 6, 2025 (Hire Date). Pursuant to the Heidet Employment Agreement, the initial term of the Heidet Employment Agreement
is three (3) years, ending on March 6, 2028. Thereafter, the Heidet Employment Agreement will be automatically renewed for successive
one (1)-year periods unless either the Company or Dr. Heidet provides written notice of non-renewal at least 90 days prior to the applicable
renewal date.

Dr.
Heidet is entitled to an annual base salary of $300,000, plus eligibility for an annual bonus and equity-based compensation awards, and
entitlement to participate in employee benefits plans and other customary benefits provided by the Company. Dr. Heidet is also entitled
to a one-time sign-up bonus of $25,000, payable within 30 days of March 6, 2025. The Heidet Employment Agreement contains customary restrictive
covenants relating to non-solicitation and non-competition for a period of one year after the date of termination of employment, confidentiality
covenants restricting disclosures of the intellectual property rights and other confidential information. Additionally, the Heidet Employment
Agreement may be terminated through applicable notice procedure by either the Company or Dr. Heidet at any time for any reason.

Stock
Option Agreement

On
March 6, 2025, the Company also entered into a non-qualified stock option award agreement (Heidet Option Agreement) with
Dr. Heidet pursuant to the 2023 Stock Option Plan #2 (as the same may be amended from time to time, the Plan), effective
as of March 6, 2025.

Under
the Heidet Option Agreement, Dr. Heidet was granted non-qualified options under the Plan to purchase an aggregate of 338,000 shares of
common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company at the exercise price of $26.97 per share (Option Share). The
Options shall vest and become exercisable once vested according to the following vesting schedule subject to Dr. Heidets continued
employment with the Company through each applicable vesting date and may not be exercised for a fraction of an Option Share.

Optionees Date
of Grant Option
Shares Exercise
Price (Closing Price of Date of Grant) Vesting
Conditions

March 6, 2025 57,000 $ 26.97 First Anniversary
of Hire Date

March 6, 2025 57,000 $ 26.97 Second Anniversary of Hire
Date

Dr. Florent Heidet March 6, 2025 56,000 $ 26.97 Third Anniversary of Hire
Date

March 6, 2025 56,000 $ 26.97 Fourth Anniversary of Hire
Date

March 6, 2025 56,000 $ 26.97 Fifth Anniversary of Hire
Date

March 6, 2025 56,000 $ 26.97 Sixth Anniversary of Hire
Date

Total 338,000 

The
shares of common stock underlying Dr. Heidets option are registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), but are subject to restriction given Dr. Heidets status as an affiliate of the Company.

Dr.
Heidet, aged 40, has over 18 years of experience in nuclear energy industry. Since May 2024, Dr. Heidet has served as a Senior
Energy Consultant at Hatch Ltd., a consulting and engineering firm specializing in the metals, energy, and infrastructure sectors.
He has served as Head of Design and Engineering since February 2024 at Ultra Safe Nuclear Corporation (USNC), a vertical integrator
of nuclear technologies and services. From October 2022 to January 2024, he also consecutively served as director of innovation for
nuclear systems and director of technology and engineering at USNC. Prior to joining the USNC, he spent 12 years at Argonne National
Laboratory, where he played a central role in most of the laboratorys nuclear reactor design projects. Dr. Heidet holds a
Ph.D. and Master of Science in Nuclear Engineering from the University of California, Berkeley, a Master of Science in Mechanical
Engineering from the Arts et Mtiers ParisTech (ENSAM) in Paris, France, and business program certificates from both University
of California, Berkeley Haas School of Business and University of Chicago Booth School of Business. He has published numerous
peer-reviewed technical papers and authored several chapters of the Encyclopedia of Nuclear Energy. We believe Dr. Heidet is qualified to
serve as our Chief Technology Officer due to his extensive experience in the nuclear energy industry.

The
foregoing summaries of the Heidet Employment Agreement and the Heidet Option Agreement are not complete and are qualified in their entirety
by reference to the full text of the Heidet Employment Agreement and the Heidet Option Agreement, copies of which are attached hereto
as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item
7.01 Regulation FD

On
March 7, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the appointment of Dr. Heidet as the Companys CTO and Head of Reactor
Development. A copy of such release is furnished hereto as Exhibit 99.1.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Exhibit

10.1 Employment Agreement, dated March 6, 2025, by and between Nano Nuclear Energy Inc. and Dr. Florent Heidet

10.2 Stock Option Agreement, dated March 6, 2025, by and between Nano Nuclear Energy Inc. and Dr. Florent Heidet

99.1 Press Release, dated March 7, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated:
March 12, 2025 NANO
Nuclear Energy Inc.

By: /s/
Jaisun Garcha

Name:
Jaisun Garcha

Title: Chief
FinancialOfficer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT

This
Employment Agreement (the Agreement) is made and entered into as of March 6, 2025, by and between Florent Heidet
(Executive) and NANO Nuclear Energy Inc., a Nevada corporation (Company).

WHEREAS,
Company desires to employ Executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and

WHEREAS,
Executive desires to be employed by Company on such terms and conditions.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, promises, and obligations set forth herein, the parties agree as follows:

1. Term.
Executives employment hereunder shall be effective as of March 6, 2025 (the Effective Date) and shall
continue until the third (3rd) anniversary thereof, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement; provided
that, on such third (3rd) anniversary of the Effective Date and each annual anniversary thereafter (such date and
each annual anniversary thereof, a Renewal Date), the Agreement shall be deemed to be automatically extended,
upon the same terms and conditions, for successive periods of one (1) year, unless the board of directors of Company (the
Board) or Executive provides written notice of its intention not to extend the term of the Agreement at least
ninety (90) days prior to the applicable Renewal Date. The period during which Executive is employed by Company is
hereinafter referred to as the Employment Term.

2. Position
and Duties.

2.1
Position. During the Employment Term, Executive shall serve
as the Companys Chief Technology Officer and Head of Reactor Development, reporting to the Chief Executive Officer and the President.
In such position, Executive shall have such duties, authority, and responsibilities as are provided for herein and as specifically determined
from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer and/or the President, which duties, authority, and responsibilities are consistent with
Executives position.

2.2
Duties. During the Employment Term, Executive shall devote
no less than 40 hours per week of the Executives business time and attention to the performance of Executives duties hereunder.
A more particular description of Executives duties is set forth on Exhibit A hereto.

2.3
Executives Status for SEC Purposes. Executive acknowledges
and agrees that his position with the Company will qualify him as an executive officer of the Company for purposes of the
U.S. federal securities law and the rules and regulations promulgated by U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
thereunder. During and, as applicable, following the Employment Term, for so long as the Company is a U.S. publicly listed and reporting
company, Executive shall comply with all applicable SEC and other legal disclosure and reporting requirements of an executive
officer of a company and shall comply with all laws, rules, regulations and Company policies applicable to executive officers,
including without limitation, the Companys Amended and Restated Insider Trading Policy.

3. Place
of Performance. The principal place of
Executives employment shall be the Executives home office with address listed in the Companys payroll and/or
employment documents (Principal Place of Employment). During the Employment Term, Executive will be required to
travel, on Company business, away from his Principal Place of Employment, and Executive acknowledges and agrees that reasonable
travel will be necessary to provide services and carry out the duties described herein. In addition, Executive may work remotely as
needed.

4. Compensation.

4.1 Base
Salary. Company shall pay Executive an annual
base salary of Three Hundred Thousand Dollars ($300,000) in periodic installments in accordance with Companys customary
payroll practices and applicable wage payment laws, but no less frequently than monthly. However, Executives base salary may
not be decreased during the Employment Term other than as part of an across-the-board salary reduction that applies in the same
manner to all senior executives. Executives annual base salary, as in effect from time to time, is hereinafter referred to as
Base Salary.

4.2
Annual Bonus. For each calendar year of the Employment Term,
Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual bonus (the Annual Bonus). However, the decision to provide any
Annual Bonus and the amount and terms of any Annual Bonus shall be in the sole and absolute discretion of the Board or the compensation
committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee), if such committee exists, which shall be based on certain performance
criteria established by the Board or Compensation Committee, as applicable. The Annual Bonus, if earned, will be paid on or before March
15 of each calendar year.

4.3
Equity Awards. Executive shall be eligible to receive equity-based
compensation award(s), as determined by the Board (or a subcommittee thereof), from time to time. The Board or such subcommittee shall
determine in its sole discretion the grant timing, amount, form(s) and mix, and such other terms and conditions (including vesting, exercise
and settlement) applicable to any equity-based compensation award, taking into account Executives and the Companys performance.
Any such award shall be evidenced by a separate award agreement in a form prescribed by the Company, to be entered into by the Company
and Executive.

4.4
Fringe Benefits and Perquisites. During the Employment
Term, Executive shall be entitled to fringe benefits and perquisites consistent with the practices of Company and governing benefit plan
requirements (including plan eligibility provisions), and to the extent Company provides similar benefits or perquisites (or both) to
similarly situated executives of Company.

4.5 Employee
Benefits. During the Employment Term, Executive
shall be entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans, practices, and programs maintained by Company, as in effect from
time to time (collectively, Employee Benefit Plans), on a basis which is no less favorable than is provided to
other similarly situated executives of Company, to the extent consistent with applicable law and the terms of the applicable
Employee Benefit Plans. Company reserves the right to amend or terminate any Employee Benefit Plans at any time in its sole
discretion, subject to the terms of such Employee Benefit Plan and applicable law.

4.6
Vacation; Paid Time Off. During the Employment
Term, Executive will be entitled to paid vacation on a basis that is at least as favorable as that provided to other similarly situated
executives of Company. Executive shall receive other paid time off in accordance with Companys policies for executive officers
as such policies may exist from time to time.

4.7
Business Expenses. Executive shall be entitled
to reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket business, entertainment, and travel expenses incurred by Executive in
connection with the performance of Executives duties hereunder in accordance with Companys expense reimbursement policies
and procedures, as are in effect from time to time; provided that, such expenses are incurred, reported, and substantiated in
accordance with Companys customary practices and policies for reimbursement of business-related expenses and applicable U.S. federal
tax laws to qualify as an accountable plan (including presentation of evidence reasonably satisfactory to Company of the
amounts and nature of such expenses).

4.8
Indemnification. Executive shall be indemnified and advanced
legal fees to the maximum extent permitted under the Companys bylaws and other governing documents.

4.9
Sign-Up Bonus. Executive shall receive a one-time sign-up bonus of Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars ($25,000), payable within thirty
(30) days following Executives commencement of employment, subject to applicable tax withholdings.

5.
Termination of Employment. The Employment
Term and Executives employment hereunder may be terminated by either Company or Executive at any time and for any reason; provided
that, the parties agree to abide by any applicable notice requirements set forth in this Section 5. On the termination of Executives
employment during the Employment Term, Executive shall be entitled to the compensation and benefits described in this Section 5 and shall
have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits from Company or any of its affiliates.

5.1
Compensation Upon Termination.

(a)
Executives employment hereunder may be terminated upon either partys failure to renew the Agreement in accordance with
Section 1, or for any other reason, or no reason. If Executives employment is terminated by either party for any reason or this
Agreement is not renewed, Executive shall be entitled to receive:

(i)
any accrued, but unpaid Base Salary and accrued, but unused vacation which shall be paid on the pay date immediately following the Termination
Date (as defined below) in accordance with Companys customary payroll procedures;

(ii)
reimbursement for unreimbursed business expenses properly incurred by Executive, which shall be subject to and paid in accordance with
Companys expense reimbursement policy; and

(iii)
such employee benefits, if any, to which Executive may be entitled under Companys employee benefit plans as of the Termination
Date; provided that, in no event shall Executive be entitled to any payments in the nature of severance or termination payments.

(b)
The treatment of any outstanding equity awards shall be determined in accordance with the terms of the Companys prevailing equity
incentive plans and applicable award agreements.

5.2
Notice of Termination. Any termination of Executives
employment hereunder by the Company or by Executive during the Employment Term (other than on account of Executives death) shall
be communicated by written notice of termination (Notice of Termination) to the other party hereto in accordance
with Section 25. The Notice of Termination shall specify the applicable Termination Date.

5.3
Termination Date. Executives Termination
Date shall be:

(a)
If Executives employment hereunder terminates on account of Executives death, the date of Executives death;

(b)
If the Company terminates Executives employment hereunder, the date the Notice of Termination is delivered to Executive;

(c)
If Executive terminates his employment hereunder, the date specified in Executives Notice of Termination, which shall be no less
than forty-five (45) days following the date on which the Notice of Termination is delivered; and

(d)
If Executives employment hereunder terminates because either party provides notice of non-renewal pursuant to Section 1, the last
day of the Employment Term.

Notwithstanding
anything contained herein, the Termination Date shall not occur until the date on which Executive incurs a separation from service
within the meaning of Section 409A (defined herein).

5.4
Mitigation. In no event shall Executive be obligated
to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable to Executive under any of the provisions
of this Agreement and any amounts payable pursuant to this Section 5 shall not be reduced by compensation Executive earns on account
of employment with another employer.

5.5
Resignation of All Other Positions. On termination of Executives
employment hereunder for any reason, Executive agrees to resign, effective on the Termination Date, from all positions that Executive
holds as an officer or member of the Board (or a committee thereof) of the Company or any of its affiliates.

6.
Cooperation.
The parties agree that certain matters in which Executive will be involved during the Employment Term may necessitate Executives
cooperation in the future. Accordingly, following the termination of Executives employment for any reason, to the extent reasonably
requested by the Board, Executive shall cooperate with the Company in connection with matters arising out of Executives service
to the Company; provided that, the Company shall make reasonable efforts to minimize disruption of Executives other activities.
Company shall reimburse Executive for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such cooperation and, to the extent that Executive
is required to spend substantial time on such matters, Company shall compensate Executive at an hourly rate based on Executives
Base Salary on the Termination Date.

7.
Confidential Information.
Executive understands and acknowledges that during the Employment Term, Executive will have access to and learn about Confidential Information,
as defined below.

7.1
Confidential Information Defined.

(a)
Definition. For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, all
information not generally known to the public, in spoken, printed, electronic or any other form or medium, relating directly or indirectly
to: business processes, practices, methods, policies, plans, publications, documents, research, operations, services, strategies, techniques,
agreements, contracts, terms of agreements, transactions, potential transactions, negotiations, pending negotiations, know-how, trade
secrets, computer programs, computer software, applications, operating systems, software design, work-in-process, databases, technologies,
manuals, records, systems, material, sources of material, supplier information, vendor information, financial information, results, marketing
information, personnel information, developments, reports, internal controls, security procedures, market studies, sales information,
customer information and client information of the Company, its affiliates, divisions or its businesses (Company Group)
or of any other person or entity that has entrusted information to the Company, its affiliates, or its businesses in confidence.

Executive
understands that the above list is not exhaustive, and that Confidential Information also includes other information that is marked or
otherwise identified as confidential or proprietary, or that would otherwise appear to a reasonable person to be confidential or proprietary
in the context and circumstances in which the information is known or used.

Executive
understands and agrees that Confidential Information includes information developed by Executive in the course of employment by Company
as if Company furnished the same Confidential Information to Executive in the first instance. Confidential Information shall not include
information that is generally available to and known by the public at the time of disclosure to Executive; provided that, such
disclosure is through no direct or indirect fault of Executive or person(s) acting on Executives behalf.

(b)
Company Creation and Use of Confidential Information. Executive understands and acknowledges that Company Group has invested,
and continues to invest, substantial time, money, and specialized knowledge into developing its resources, creating a customer base,
generating customer and potential customer lists, training its employees, and improving its offerings in the field of nuclear energy.
Executive understands and acknowledges that as a result of these efforts, Company Group has created, and continues to use and create
Confidential Information. This Confidential Information provides Company Group with a competitive advantage over others in the marketplace.

(c)
Disclosure and Use Restrictions. Executive agrees and covenants: (i) to treat all Confidential Information as strictly confidential;
(ii) not to directly or indirectly disclose, publish, communicate, or make available Confidential Information, or allow it to be disclosed,
published, communicated, or made available, in whole or part, to any entity or person whatsoever (including other employees of Company
Group) not having a need to know and authority to know and use the Confidential Information in connection with the business of Company
Group and, in any event, not to anyone outside of the direct employ of Company Group except as required in the performance of Executives
authorized employment duties to Company or with the prior consent of the Board in each instance (and then, such disclosure shall be made
only within the limits and to the extent of such duties or consent); and (iii) not to access or use any Confidential Information, and
not to copy any documents, records, files, media, or other resources containing any Confidential Information, or remove any such documents,
records, files, media, or other resources from the premises or control of Company Group, except as required in the performance of Executives
authorized employment duties to Company or with the prior consent of the Board in each instance (and then, such disclosure shall be made
only within the limits and to the extent of such duties or consent).

(d)
Permitted Disclosures. Nothing herein shall be construed to prevent disclosure of Confidential Information as may be required
by applicable law or regulation, or pursuant to the valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency;
provided that, the disclosure does not exceed the extent of disclosure required by such law, regulation, or order.

(e)
Permitted Communications. Nothing herein prohibits or restricts Executive (or Executives attorney) from initiating communications
directly with, responding to an inquiry from, or providing testimony before the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC),
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), any other self-regulatory organization, or any other federal
or state regulatory authority regarding a possible securities law violation.

(f)
Notice of Immunity Under the Economic Espionage Act of 1996, as amended by the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (DTSA).
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement:

(i)
Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for any disclosure of a trade secret
that:

(A)
is made (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (2)
solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or

(B)
is made in a complaint or other document filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding.

(ii)
If Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, Executive may disclose Companys
trade secrets to Executives attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if Executive:

(A)
files any document containing trade secrets under seal; and

(B)
does not disclose trade secrets, except pursuant to court order.

Executive
understands and acknowledges that his obligations under this Agreement with regard to any particular Confidential Information shall commence
immediately upon Executive first having access to such Confidential Information (whether before or after he begins employment by Company)
and shall continue during and after his employment by Company until such time as such Confidential Information has become public knowledge
other than as a result of Executives breach of this Agreement or breach by those acting in concert with Executive or on Executives
behalf.

8.
Restrictive Covenants.

(a)
Non-Solicitation. Executive agrees that during the Restricted Period, Executive will not, without written consent of the Company:
(1) directly or indirectly solicit, recruit, induce or encourage to leave employment or association with the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
or to become employed by, become associated with or consult for, any Person other than the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or hire,
attempt to hire, employ or engage (whether as an employee, consultant, agent, independent contractor or otherwise), any Person who or
which is or was employed or engaged by the Company or any of its subsidiaries at any time during the Restricted Period or the one-year
period preceding the Restricted Period, or (2) directly or indirectly solicit or accept business for a Competitive Activity from any
Person who is a customer, client or supplier of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, with whom Executive has had, or employees reporting
to Executive have had, personal contact or dealings on behalf of the Company during the one-year period preceding the Restricted Period,
or induce or encourage any such Person to cease to engage the services of the Company or any of its subsidiaries in order to use the
services of any Person engaged in a Competitive Activity.

(b)
Non-Competition. Executive agrees that during the Restricted Period, Executive will not, directly or indirectly, individually
or on behalf of any Person, whether for compensation or otherwise, engage in Competitive Activity in any state of the United States of
America or Canadian Province in which the Company or any of its subsidiaries does business as of the termination date, or any other jurisdiction
in which the Company engages in business or derives a material portion of its revenues, or where Executive has knowledge that the Company
intends to commence business activities.

(c)
Definitions.

(i)
Business Activities means the business activities of the Company, or activities that are similar, complimentary
or ancillary to the business activities of the Company, as carried out by the Company during the Restricted Period, or, if following
Executives termination, the date of Executives termination.

(ii)
Competitive Activity means any activity in which Executive uses Executives knowledge, directly or indirectly,
in whole or in part, as an employee, employer, owner, operator, manager, advisor, consultant, agent, partner, member, director, stockholder,
officer, volunteer, intern, or any other similar capacity, on behalf of or in association with any Person engaged in the Business Activities
during the Restricted Period or the one-year period preceding the Restricted Period.

(iii)
Person means an individual, a partnership, a corporation, an association, a limited liability company, a joint stock
company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization or a governmental entity or any department, agency or political subdivision
thereof.

(iv)
Restricted Period means the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on the first (1st) anniversary of
the date Executive terminates employment with the Company.

9.
Acknowledgement. Executive acknowledges
and agrees that the services to be rendered by Executive to Company are of a special and unique character; that Executive will obtain
knowledge and skill relevant to Companys industry, methods of doing business, and marketing strategies by virtue of Executives
employment; and that the restrictive covenants and other terms and conditions of this Agreement are reasonable and reasonably necessary
to protect the legitimate business interest of Company Group. Executive further acknowledges that the benefits provided to Executive
under this Agreement, including the amount of Executives compensation, reflects, in part, Executives obligations and Companys
rights under Section 6, Section 7, and Section 8 of this Agreement; that Executive has no expectation of any additional compensation,
royalties, or other payment of any kind not otherwise referenced herein in connection herewith; and that Executive will not suffer undue
hardship by reason of full compliance with the terms and conditions of Section 6, Section 7, and Section 8 of this Agreement or Companys
enforcement thereof.

10.
Remedies.
In the event of a breach or threatened breach by Executive of Section 6, Section 7, or Section 8 of this Agreement, Executive hereby
consents and agrees that Company shall be entitled to seek, in addition to other available remedies, a temporary or permanent injunction
or other equitable relief against such breach or threatened breach from any court of competent jurisdiction, and that money damages would
not afford an adequate remedy, without the necessity of showing any actual damages, and without the necessity of posting any bond or
other security. The aforementioned equitable relief shall be in addition to, not in lieu of, legal remedies, monetary damages, or other
available forms of relief.

11.
Dispute Resolution/Arbitration.
Any controversy, dispute, or claim between the parties relating to or arising from this Agreement or Executives employment with
the Company will be exclusively resolved through binding arbitration conducted in New York, NY before Judicial Arbitration & Mediation
Services (JAMS) in accordance with its Employment Rules (the Rules), which is available at
this hyperlink and a copy of which has been provided with this Agreement, as well as the New York Codes of Civil Procedure and Evidence.
Any such arbitration will be before a single arbitrator who will be a retired judicial officer. In accordance with the Rules, the arbitrator
will have the power to rule on his or her own jurisdiction, including any objections with respect to the existence, scope, or validity
of this arbitration agreement or to the arbitrability of any claim or counterclaim between the parties. The Company is responsible for
all costs of arbitration except for those Executive would incur if the matter were heard in a court of law. Any final award will contain
detailed findings of fact and conclusions of law bearing on the final judgment, which addresses each element of each cause of action
and defense. The arbitrator will not have the power to make errors of law or make factual findings against the manifest weight of the
evidence. Judgment on this award may be entered in a state or federal court having jurisdiction over the award. Any court considering
a petition to confirm or vacate any final award hereunder will review the award for clear error of law and whether factual findings go
against the manifest weight of the evidence..

12.
Proprietary Rights.

12.1
Work Product and Intellectual Property Rights. Executive acknowledges
and agrees to sell, assign, transfer, and set over, and by these presents does hereby sell, assign, transfer and set over, unto Company,
its successors, legal representatives and assigns, all right, title, and interest in, to, and under all writings, works of authorship,
technology, inventions, discoveries, processes, techniques, methods, ideas, concepts, research, proposals, materials, and all other work
product of any nature whatsoever, that are created, prepared, produced, authored, edited, amended, conceived, or reduced to practice
by Executive individually or jointly with others during the Employment Term and relate in any way to the business or contemplated business,
products, activities, research, or development of Company, result from any work performed by Executive for Company (in each case, regardless
of when or where prepared or whose equipment or other resources is used in preparing the same) or result from Executives use of
Company equipment or other resources, all rights and claims related to the foregoing, and all printed, physical and electronic copies,
and other tangible embodiments thereof (collectively, Work Product), as well as any and all rights in and to US
and foreign (a) patents, patent disclosures and inventions (whether patentable or not), (b) trademarks, service marks, trade dress, trade
names, logos, corporate names, and domain names, and other similar designations of source or origin, together with the goodwill symbolized
by any of the foregoing, (c) copyrights and copyrightable works (including computer programs), mask works, and rights in data and databases,
(d) trade secrets, know-how, and other confidential information, and (e) all other intellectual property rights, in each case whether
registered or unregistered and including all registrations and applications for, and renewals and extensions of, such rights, all improvements
thereto and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection in any part of the world (collectively, Intellectual Property
Rights), including the right to pursue damages, injunctive relief, and other remedies for past, current and future infringement
thereof. Executive authorizes and requests the U.S. Commissioner of Patents and Trademarks and corresponding officers of respective foreign
intellectual property offices to record Company as the owner of the Intellectual Property Rights, including any continuations, divisions,
continuations-in-part, reissues, reexaminations or extensions thereof, and to issue any and all letters patent and trademarks thereon
to Company, as assignee of the entire right, title, and interest in, and to and under the same, for the sole use and enjoyment of Company,
its successors, assigns or other legal representatives.

For
purposes of this Agreement, Work Product includes, but is not limited to, Company Group information, including plans, publications, research,
strategies, techniques, agreements, documents, contracts, terms of agreements, negotiations, know-how, computer programs, computer applications,
software design, web design, work in process, databases, manuals, results, developments, reports, graphics, drawings, sketches, market
studies, notes, communications, algorithms, product plans, product designs, styles, models, inventions, unpublished patent applications,
original works of authorship, discoveries, specifications, customer information, client information, customer lists, client lists, marketing
information, advertising information, and sales information.

12.2
Work Made for Hire; Assignment. Executive acknowledges
that, by reason of being employed by Company at the relevant times, to the extent permitted by law, all of the Work Product consisting
of copyrightable subject matter is work made for hire as defined in 17 U.S.C. 101 and such copyrights are therefore
owned by Company. To the extent that the foregoing does not apply, Executive hereby irrevocably assigns to Company, for no additional
consideration, Executives entire right, title, and interest in and to all Work Product and Intellectual Property Rights therein,
including the right to sue, counterclaim, and recover for all past, present, and future infringement, misappropriation, or dilution thereof,
and all rights corresponding thereto throughout the world, including the right to pursue damages, injunctive relief, and other remedies
for past, current and future infringement thereof. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to reduce or limit Companys
rights, title, or interest in any Work Product or Intellectual Property Rights so as to be less in any respect than that Company would
have had in the absence of this Agreement.

12.3
Further Assurances; Power of Attorney. During
and after the Employment Term, Executive agrees to reasonably cooperate with Company and use reasonable best efforts to take, or cause
to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper, or advisable under the applicable laws and regulations
to support Companys efforts, actions, filings, and submissions to (a) apply for, obtain, perfect, and transfer to Company the
Work Product as well as any and all Intellectual Property Rights in the Work Product in any jurisdiction in the world; and (b) maintain,
protect and enforce the same, including, without limitation, giving testimony and executing and delivering to Company any and all applications,
oaths, declarations, affidavits, waivers, assignments, and other documents and instruments as shall be requested by Company. If Executive
does not promptly cooperate with Companys request (without limiting the rights Company shall have in such circumstances by operation
of law), Executive hereby irrevocably grants Company power of attorney to execute and deliver any such documents on Executives
behalf in his name and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to transfer the Work Product to Company and further the transfer, prosecution,
issuance, and maintenance of all Intellectual Property Rights therein, to the full extent permitted by law. The power of attorney is
coupled with an interest and shall not be affected by Executives subsequent incapacity.

12.4
No License. Executive understands that this Agreement
does not, and shall not be construed to, grant Executive any license or right of any nature with respect to any Work Product or Intellectual
Property Rights or any Confidential Information, materials, software, or other tools made available to Executive by Company.

13.
Security.

13.1
Security and Access. Executive agrees and covenants
(a) to comply with all Company Group security policies and procedures as in force from time to time, including, without limitation, those
regarding computer equipment, telephone systems, key cards, access codes, Company Group intranet, internet, social media systems, computer
systems, email systems, computer networks, document storage systems, software, data security, encryption, passwords and any and all other
Company Group IT resources and communication technologies (Facilities and Information Technology Resources); (b)
not to access or use any Facilities and Information Technology Resources except as authorized by Company; and (iii) not to access or
use any Facilities and Information Technology Resources in any manner after the termination of Executives employment by Company,
whether termination is voluntary or involuntary. Executive agrees to notify Company promptly in the event Executive learns of any violation
of the foregoing by others, or of any other misappropriation or unauthorized access, use, reproduction, or reverse engineering of, or
tampering with any Facilities and Information Technology Resources or other Company Group property or materials by others.

13.2
Exit Obligations. Upon (a) voluntary or involuntary
termination of Executives employment or (b) Companys request at any time during Executives employment, Executive
shall (i) provide or return to Company any and all Company Group property, including keys, key cards, access cards, identification cards,
employer credit cards, network access devices, computers, cell phones, work product, disks, thumb drives or other removable information
storage devices, hard drives, and all Company Group documents and materials belonging to Company and stored in any fashion, including,
but not limited to those that constitute or contain any Confidential Information or Work Product, that are in the possession or control
of Executive, whether they were provided to Executive by Company Group or any of its business associates or created by Executive in connection
with Executives employment by Company; and (ii) delete or destroy all copies of any such documents and materials not returned
to Company that remain in Executives possession or control, including those stored on any non-Company Group devices, networks,
storage locations, and media in Executives possession or control.

14.
Publicity.
Executive hereby irrevocably consents to any and all uses and displays, by Company Group and its agents, representatives, and licensees
of Executives name, voice, likeness, image, appearance, and biographical information in, on or in connection with any pictures,
photographs, audio and video recordings, digital images, websites, television programs and advertising, other advertising and publicity,
sales and marketing brochures, books, magazines, other publications, CDs, DVDs, tapes, and all other printed and electronic forms and
media throughout the world, at any time during or after the Employment Term, for all legitimate commercial and business purposes of Company
Group (Permitted Uses) without further consent from or royalty, payment, or other compensation to Executive. Executive
hereby forever waives and releases Company Group and its directors, officers, employees, and agents from any and all claims, actions,
damages, losses, costs, expenses, and liability of any kind, arising under any legal or equitable theory whatsoever at any time during
or after the Employment Term, arising directly or indirectly from Company Groups and its agents, representatives,
and licensees exercise of their rights in connection with any Permitted Uses.

15.
Governing Law: Jurisdiction and Venue.
This Agreement, for all purposes, shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to conflicts
of law principles. Subject to Section 11, any action or proceeding by either of the parties to enforce this Agreement shall be brought
only in a state or federal court located in New York City. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such
courts and waive the defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such action or proceeding in such venue.

16.
Entire Agreement.
Unless specifically provided herein, this Agreement contains all of the understandings and representations between Executive and Company
pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and
warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. The parties mutually agree that the Agreement can be specifically
enforced in court and can be cited as evidence in legal proceedings alleging breach of the Agreement.

17.
Modification and Waiver.
No provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified unless such amendment or modification is agreed to in writing and signed by
the Executive and by a member of the Board. No waiver by either of the parties of any breach by the other party hereto of any condition
or provision of this Agreement to be performed by the other party hereto shall be deemed a waiver of any similar or dissimilar provision
or condition at the same or any prior or subsequent time, nor shall the failure of or delay by either of the parties in exercising any
right, power, or privilege hereunder operate as a waiver thereof to preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of
any other such right, power, or privilege.

18.
Severability. Should any provision
of this Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be enforceable only if modified, or if any portion of this Agreement
shall be held as unenforceable and thus stricken, such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement, the
balance of which shall continue to be binding upon the parties with any such modification to become a part hereof and treated as though
originally set forth in this Agreement. The parties further agree that any such court is expressly authorized to modify any such unenforceable
provision of this Agreement in lieu of severing such unenforceable provision from this Agreement in its entirety, whether by rewriting
the offending provision, deleting any or all of the offending provision, adding additional language to this Agreement, or by making such
other modifications as it deems warranted to carry out the intent and agreement of the parties as embodied herein to the maximum extent
permitted by law. The parties expressly agree that this Agreement as so modified by the court shall be binding upon and enforceable against
each of them. In any event, should one or more of the provisions of this Agreement be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in
any respect, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions hereof, and if such provision or
provisions are not modified as provided above, this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provisions
had not been set forth herein.

19.
Captions.
Captions and headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision of this Agreement
is to be construed by reference to the caption or heading of any section or paragraph.

20.
Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall
constitute one and the same instrument.

21.
Tolling. Should Executive violate
any of the terms of the restrictive covenant obligations articulated herein, the obligation at issue will run from the first date on
which Executive ceases to be in violation of such obligation.

22.
Section 409A.

22.1
General Compliance. This Agreement is intended
to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (Section 409A) or an exemption thereunder
and shall be construed and administered in accordance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, payments
provided under this Agreement may only be made upon an event and in a manner that complies with Section 409A or an applicable exemption.
Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from
service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A,
each installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. Any payments to be made under this Agreement
upon a termination of employment shall only be made upon a separation from service under Section 409A. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A,
and in no event shall Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest, or other expenses that may be incurred
by Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A.

22.2
Specified Employees. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, if any payment or benefit provided to Executive in connection with Executives termination of employment
is determined to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A and Executive is determined
to be a specified employee as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(b)(i), then such payment or benefit shall not be paid until
the first payroll date following the six-month anniversary of the Termination Date or, if earlier, on the Executives death (the
Specified Employee Payment Date). The aggregate of any payments that would otherwise have been paid before the Specified
Employee Payment Date shall be paid to Executive in a lump sum on the Specified Employee Payment Date and thereafter, any remaining payments
shall be paid without delay in accordance with their original schedule.

22.3
Reimbursements. To the extent required by Section
409A, each reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided under this Agreement shall be provided in accordance with the following:

(a)
the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during each calendar year cannot affect the expenses
eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year;

(b)
any reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be paid to Executive on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar
year in which the expense was incurred; and

(c)
any right to reimbursements or in-kind benefits under
this Agreement shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

23.
Notification to Subsequent Employer.
When Executives employment with Company terminates, Executive agrees to notify any subsequent employer of the restrictive covenants
sections contained in this Agreement. Executive will also deliver a copy of such notice to Company before Executive commences employment
with any subsequent employer. In addition, Executive authorizes Company to provide a copy of the restrictive covenants sections of this
Agreement to third parties, including but not limited to, Executives subsequent, anticipated, or possible future employer.

24.
Successors and Assigns.
This Agreement is personal to Executive and shall not be assigned by Executive. Any purported assignment by Executive shall be null and
void from the initial date of the purported assignment. Company may assign this Agreement to any successor or assign (whether direct
or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of Company. This
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of Company and permitted successors and assigns.

25.
Notice.
Notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or sent by
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, by electronic mail, or by overnight carrier to the parties at the addresses set
forth below (or such other addresses as specified by the parties by like notice):

If
to Company:

NANO
Nuclear Energy Inc.

Attn:
Chief Executive Officer

10
Times Square 30th Floor

New
York, New York 10018

Email:
james@nanonuclearenergy.com

(or
the email of the then current Chief Executive Officer)

With
copy (which shall not constitute notice):

Ellenoff
Grossman & Schole LLP

1345
Avenue of the Americas, 11th Fl.,

New
York, NY 10105

Attn:
Richard I. Anslow, Esq.

Email:
ranslow@egsllp.com

If
to the Executive:

to
the address and/or personal email address listed in Companys payroll and/or employment documents

26.
Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Executive.
Executive represents, warrants and covenants to Company that:

(a)
Executives acceptance of employment with Company and the performance of duties hereunder will not conflict with or result in a
violation of, a breach of, or a default under any contract, agreement, or understanding to which Executive is a party or is otherwise
bound.

(b)
Executives acceptance of employment with Company and the performance of duties hereunder will not violate any non-solicitation,
non-competition, or other similar covenant or agreement of a prior employer.

(c)
Executive has, or will promptly obtain from time to time, all security clearances, licenses or permits necessary for him to fulfill his
duties to the Company.

(d)
Executive will perform his duties to the Company in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including, without limitation,
the rules and regulations of the U.S. Department of Energy and the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission.

(e)
Executive is an accredited investor, as such term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and is able to bear the economic risk of acquiring any securities awarded in consideration hereunder.

(f)
Executive is not subject to bad actor disqualification as such term is defined in Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

27.
Withholding.
Company shall have the right to withhold from any amount payable hereunder any Federal, state, and local taxes in order for Company to
satisfy any withholding tax obligation it may have under any applicable law or regulation.

28.
Survival.
Upon the expiration or other termination of this Agreement, the respective rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall survive
such expiration or other termination to the extent necessary to carry out the intentions of the parties under this Agreement.

29.
Board Determinations. To the extent not inconsistent with Companys articles of incorporation, bylaws, and any applicable
stockholders agreement, with regard to any determination, action, or decision not to act by the Board under this Agreement with
respect to Executive, the Board shall act by majority vote or by written consent of the majority of the members of the Board thereof.

30.
Acknowledgement of Full Understanding.
EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT EXECUTIVE HAS FULLY READ, UNDERSTANDS, AND VOLUNTARILY ENTERS INTO THIS AGREEMENT. EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES
AND AGREES THAT EXECUTIVE HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO ASK QUESTIONS AND CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY OF EXECUTIVES CHOICE BEFORE SIGNING
THIS AGREEMENT.

[signature
page follows]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

NANO
NUCLEAR ENERGY INC.

By: /s/
James Walker

Name: James
Walker

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

EXECUTIVE 

/s/
Florent Heidet 

Florent
Heidet 

Exhibit
A

Executives
Duties

The
following is a further description of the Executives duties, which may be modified from time to time as approved by the Chief
Executive Officer or the President in writing.

Focus
and Allocation of Time. The Executive shall have principal responsibility for the development, advancement, and successful commercialization
of all of the Companys reactor systems, including Zeus, Odin, Kronos, and Loki (collectively, the Nano Reactor Systems).
The Executives primary mandate is to guide these systems from their current stages of development to fully licensed, market-ready
products available for sale to customers.

This
responsibility includes, without limitation:

Technical
Oversight and Program Management: Providing day-to-day technical leadership, design oversight,
and ensuring design continuity and alignment with regulatory requirements and market needs.

Strategic
Development and Partnerships: Developing strategic plans for each reactor program, identifying
and securing partnerships, facilities, and resources necessary for development, testing,
and licensing.

Recruitment
and Team Building: Leading the identification, recruitment, and retention of key personnel
across engineering, technical, and operational teams required to advance each Nano Reactor
System.

Contract
and Customer Engagement: Providing strategic input into customer contracts, commercial
partnerships, and market engagement to ensure each Nano Reactor System align with customer
needs and deliverables.

Cost-Effective
Development: Negotiating advantageous development, testing, and operational arrangements
with vendors, collaborators, and facility operators to support efficient and cost-effective
development of the Nano Reactor Systems.

The
Executive shall dedicate a significant portion of his time specifically to the KRONOS MMR Energy System (KRONOS)
given the Executives deep familiarity with its design and development history, providing the same technical oversight, strategic
guidance, and continuity of design intent as described above. The remaining portion of the Executives time shall be allocated
to providing general oversight, guidance, and strategic direction to all aspects of the various programs for the Nano Reactor Systems,
subject to the direction of the Chief Executive Officer, President, and/or Board of Directors.

Technical
Consultation. The Executive shall serve as a senior technical advisor to the Chief Executive Officer, President, and Board of Directors,
providing expert consultation on all major technical and strategic decisions affecting the Companys operations, technology roadmap,
regulatory engagement, supply chain strategy, and customer partnerships. The Executive will also advise on the Companys overall
technical positioning to maximize commercial opportunities across its reactor systems and supporting technologies.

Cross-Technology
Collaboration. The Executive shall collaborate with leaders and personnel across the Companys other technology programs to
ensure alignment, technical integration, and strategic coherence between the Nano Reactor Systems and the Companys independently
developed and licensed technologies, such as the Companys licensed fuel transportation system and Annular Linear Induction Pump.
Executive shall oversee the integration and potential commercialization of the Companys heat sensor technologies to enhance reactor
monitoring, diagnostics, and operational safety. The Executive will provide technical input and coordination across these technologies,
ensuring all elements contribute to a cohesive and commercially viable suite of products.

Broader
Company Initiatives. The Executive shall also provide strategic technical input and support to the Companys broader business
areas, including:

Fuel
Supply Chain: Contributing technical guidance and strategic input on the Companys
enrichment, conversion, deconversion, and fuel fabrication initiatives, ensuring alignment
with the Companys reactor development timelines and product requirements.

Consultancy
Business: Advising on technical content, feasibility studies, and strategic assessments
provided to external clients as part of the Companys nuclear consultancy offerings.

Transportation
Business: Ensuring the Companys transportation cask technology and logistics capabilities
align with the deployment requirements of its reactor products.

Acquisitions
and Growth. Executive shall identify and evaluate potential technology and business acquisitions that could strengthen the Companys
technical capabilities, accelerate reactor system development, or enhance the Companys overall value proposition.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

NONQUALIFIED
STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO THE

STOCK
OPTION PLAN

Participant: Florent
Heidet

Grant
Date: March
6, 2025

Hire
Date: March
6, 2025

Type
of Option: Nonqualified

Option
Term/Expiration Date: 10
years from Grant Date

Per
Share Exercise Price: $26.97

Number
of Shares subject to the Option: 338,000

THIS
NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of the Grant Date specified above, is entered into
by and between Nano Nuclear Energy Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and the Participant specified above,
pursuant to the 2023 Stock Option Plan, as in effect and as amended from time to time (the Plan), which is administered
by the Committee; and

WHEREAS,
it has been determined under the Plan that it would be in the best interests of the Company to grant the non-qualified stock options
provided for herein to the Participant.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration,
provided the Participant is then employed, or engaged as a consultant, by the Company the parties hereto hereby mutually covenant and
agree as follows:

1.
Incorporation By Reference; Plan Document Receipt. This Agreement is subject in all respects to the terms and provisions of the
Plan (including, without limitation, any amendments thereto adopted at any time and from time to time unless such amendments are expressly
intended not to apply to the award provided hereunder), all of which terms and provisions are made a part of and incorporated in this
Agreement as if they were each expressly set forth herein. Any capitalized term not defined in this Agreement shall have the same meaning
as is ascribed thereto in the Plan. The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a true copy of the Plan and that the Participant has
read the Plan carefully and fully understands its content. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms
of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control. No part of the Option granted hereby is intended to qualify as an incentive
stock option under Section 422 of the Code.

2.
Grant of Option. The Company hereby grants to the Participant, as of the Grant Date specified above, a non-qualified stock option
(this Option) to acquire from the Company at the Per Share Exercise Price specified above, the aggregate number of shares
of Common Stock specified above (the Option Shares). Except as otherwise provided by the Plan, the Participant agrees and
understands that nothing contained in this Agreement provides, or is intended to provide, the Participant with any protection against
potential future dilution of the Participants interest in the Company for any reason. The Participant shall have no rights as
a stockholder with respect to any shares of Common Stock covered by this Option unless and until the Participant has become the holder
of record of the shares, and no adjustments shall be made for dividends in cash or other property, distributions or other rights in respect
of any such shares, except as otherwise specifically provided for in the Plan or this Agreement.

3.
Vesting and Exercise.

(a)
Vesting. The Option subject to this grant shall become vested, pursuant to the schedule set forth in the table below, provided the Participant
is then employed by the Company and/or one of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates on the applicable vesting date. There shall be no proportionate
or partial vesting in the periods prior to each vesting date and all vesting shall occur only on the appropriate vesting date, subject
to the Participants continued service with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries on each applicable vesting date. This Option
(or portion thereof) shall be exercisable once vested according to the vesting schedule and may not be exercised for a fraction of an
Option Share. This Option may not be exercised if the issuance of shares pursuant to the Option would constitute a violation of applicable
law.

Vesting
Date Number
of Option Shares Vested

First
Anniversary of Hire Date 57,000
Option Shares

Second
Anniversary of Hire Date 57,000
Option Shares

Third
Anniversary of Hire Date 56,000
Option Shares

Fourth
Anniversary of Hire Date 56,000
Option Shares

Fifth
Anniversary of Hire Date 56,000
Option Shares

Sixth
Anniversary of Hire Date 56,000
Option Shares

(b)
Expiration. Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Plan and/or this Agreement, all portions of
the Options (regardless of whether vested or not vested) shall expire and shall no longer be exercisable after the expiration of ten
(10) years from the Grant Date.

4.
Termination. Subject to the terms of the Plan and this Agreement, the Options, to the extent vested at the time of the Participants
Termination, shall remain exercisable as follows:

(a)
Termination due to Death or Disability. In the event of the Participants Termination by reason of death or Disability, the vested
portion of the Options shall remain exercisable until the earlier of (i) one year from the date of such Termination, and (ii) the expiration
of the stated term of the Options pursuant to Section 3 hereof.

(b)
Termination Without Cause. In the event of the Participants involuntary Termination by the Company without Cause, the vested
portion of the Options shall remain exercisable until the earlier of (i) ninety (90) days from the date of such Termination, and
(ii) the expiration of the stated term of the Options pursuant to Section 3 hereof.

(c)
Voluntary Termination. In the event of the Participants voluntary Termination, the vested portion of the Options shall remain
exercisable until the earlier of (i) ninety (90) days from the date of such Termination, and (ii) the expiration of the stated term of
the Options pursuant to Section 3 hereof.

(d)
Termination for Cause. In the event of the Participants Termination by the Company for Cause, all Options granted hereunder (regardless
of whether vested or not vested) shall terminate and expire automatically upon such Termination except to the extent the Committee provides
otherwise in writing.

(e)
Treatment of Unvested Options upon Termination. Any portion of the Options that is not vested as of the date of the Participants
Termination for any reason shall terminate and expire automatically as of the date of such Termination.

5.
Method of Exercise and Payment. To the extent that the Options have become vested and exercisable with respect to a number of
shares of Common Stock as provided herein, the Options may thereafter be exercised by the Participant, in whole or in part, at any time
or from time to time prior to the expiration of the Options as provided herein and in accordance with the Plan.

6.
Non-Transferability. The Options, and any rights and interests with respect thereto, issued under this Agreement and the Plan
shall not be sold, exchanged, transferred, assigned or otherwise disposed of in any way by the Participant (or any beneficiary(ies) of
the Participant), other than by testamentary disposition by the Participant or the laws of descent and distribution. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Committee may, in its sole and absolute discretion, permit the Options to be Transferred to a Family Member for no
value, provided that such Transfer shall only be valid upon execution of a written instrument in form and substance acceptable to the
Committee in its sole and absolute discretion evidencing such Transfer and the transferees acceptance thereof signed by the Participant
and the transferee, and provided, further, that the Options may not be subsequently Transferred otherwise than by will or by the laws
of descent and distribution or to another Family Member (as permitted by the Committee in its sole and absolute discretion) in accordance
with the terms of the Plan and this Agreement, and shall remain subject to the terms of the Plan and this Agreement. Any attempt to sell,
exchange, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose of or hypothecate in any way the Options, or the levy of any execution,
attachment or similar legal process upon the Options, contrary to the terms and provisions of this Agreement and/or the Plan shall be
null and void and without legal force or effect.

7.
Stockholders Agreement and Other Requirements. Upon exercise of the Options, to the extent required by the Committee, the Participant
shall execute and deliver a stockholders agreement or such other documentation which shall set forth certain restrictions on transferability
of the shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise, and such other terms as the Board or Committee shall from time to time establish.
Such stockholders agreement or other documentation shall apply to the shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan and covered
by such stockholders agreement or other documentation and shall be in such form as the Committee may determine in its sole discretion.
The Company may require, as a condition of exercise, the Participant to become a party to any other existing shareholders agreement
(or other agreement).

8.
Securities Representations. Upon the exercise of the Options prior to the registration of the Common Stock to be issued hereunder
pursuant to the Securities Act or other applicable securities laws, the Participant shall be deemed to acknowledge and make the following
representations and warranties and as otherwise may be requested by the Company for compliance with applicable laws, and any issuances
of Common Stock by the Company hereunder shall be made in reliance upon the express representations and warranties of the Participant;

(a)
The Participant is acquiring and will hold the Common Stock to be issued hereunder for investment for the Participants account
only and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof within the meaning of the Securities
Act or other applicable securities laws.

(b)
The participant has been advised that the Common Stock to be issued hereunder has not been registered under the Securities Act or other
applicable securities laws, on the ground that no distribution or public offering of such Common Stock is to be effected (it being understood,
however, that such Common Stock is being issued and sold in reliance on the exemption provided under Rule 701 under the Securities Act),
and that such Common Stock must be held indefinitely, unless it is subsequently registered under the applicable securities laws or the
Participant obtains an opinion of counsel (in the form and substance satisfactory of the Company and its counsel) that registration is
not required. In connection with the foregoing, the Company is relying in part on the Participants representations set forth in
this Section 8. The Participant further acknowledges and understands that the Company is under no obligation hereunder to register the
Common Stock to be issued hereunder.

(c)
The Participant is aware of the adoption of Rule 144 by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act,
which permits limited public resales of securities acquired in a non-public offering, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions.
The Participant acknowledges that the Participant is familiar with the conditions for resale set forth in Rule 144, and acknowledges
and understands that the conditions for resale set forth in Rule 144 have not been satisfied and that the Company has no plans to satisfy
these conditions in the foreseeable future.

(d)
The Participant will not Transfer the shares of Common Stock deliverable upon exercise of the Options in violation of the Plan, this
Agreement, the Securities Act (or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) or under any other applicable securities laws. The
Participant agrees that the Participant will not dispose of the Common Stock to be issued hereunder unless and until the Participant
has complied with all requirements of the Plan and this Agreement applicable to the disposition of such Common Stock.

(e)
The Participant has been furnished with, and has had access to, such information as the Participant considers necessary or appropriate
for deciding whether to invest in the Common Stock to be issued hereunder, and the Participant has had an opportunity to ask questions
and receive answers from the Company regarding the terms and conditions of the issuance of such Common Stock.

(f)
The Participant is aware that an investment in the Company is a speculative investment that has limited liquidity and is subject to the
risk of complete loss. The Participant is able, without impairing the Participants financial condition, to hold the Common Stock
to be issued hereunder for an indefinite period and to suffer a complete loss of the Participants investment in such Common Stock.

9.
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by,
and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the choice of law principles thereof.

10.
Withholding of Tax. The Company shall have the power and the right to deduct or withhold, or require the Participant to remit
to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy any federal, state, local and foreign taxes of any kind (including, but not limited to,
the Participants FICA and SDI obligations) which the Company, in its sole and absolute discretion, deems necessary to be withheld
or remitted to comply with the Code and/or any other applicable law, rule or regulation with respect to the Options and, if the Participant
fails to do so, the Company may otherwise refuse to issue or transfer any shares of Common Stock otherwise required to be issued pursuant
to this Agreement. Any statutorily required withholding obligation with regard to the Participant may be satisfied by reducing the amount
of cash or shares of Common Stock otherwise deliverable upon exercise of the Options.

11.
Entire Agreement; Amendment. This Agreement, together with the Plan, contains the entire agreement between the parties hereto
with respect to the subject matter contained herein, and supersedes all prior agreements or prior understandings, whether written or
oral, between the parties relating to such subject matter. The Committee shall have the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to
modify or amend this Agreement from time to time in accordance with and as provided in the Plan. This Agreement may also be modified
or amended by a writing signed by both the Company and the Participant. The Company shall give written notice to the Participant of any
such modification or amendment of this Agreement as soon as practicable after the adoption thereof.

14.
Notices. Any notice hereunder by the Participant shall be given to the Company in writing and such notice shall be deemed duly
given only upon receipt thereof by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Any notice hereunder by the Company shall be given to
the Participant in writing and such notice shall be deemed duly given only upon receipt thereof at such address as the Participant may
have on file with the Company.

12.
No Right to Employment. Any questions as to whether and when there has been a Termination and the cause of such Termination shall
be determined in the sole and absolute discretion of the Committee. Nothing in this Agreement shall interfere with or limit in any way
the right of the Company, its Subsidiaries or its Affiliates to terminate the Participants employment or service at any time,
for any reason and with or without cause.

13.
Transfer of Personal Data. The Participant authorizes, agrees and unambiguously consents to the transmission by the Company (or
any Subsidiary) of any personal data information related to the Option awarded under this Agreement for legitimate business purposes
(including, without limitation, the administration of the Plan). This authorization and consent is freely given by the Participant.

14.
Compliance with Laws. The issuance of the Options (and the Shares upon exercise of the Options) pursuant to this Agreement shall
be subject to, and shall comply with, any applicable requirements of any foreign and U.S. federal and state securities laws, rules and
regulations (including, without limitation, the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the 1934 Act and in each case any
respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) and any other law or regulation applicable thereto. The Company shall not be
obligated to issue the Options or any of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement if any such issuance would violate any such requirements.

15.
Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything herein or in the Plan to the contrary, the Options are intended to be exempt from the applicable
requirements of Section 409A of the Code and shall be limited, construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent.

16.
Binding Agreement; Assignment. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, be binding upon, and be enforceable by the Company
and its successors and assigns. The Participant shall not assign (except as provided (and to the extent permitted) by Section 6 hereof)
any part of this Agreement without the prior express written consent of the Company.

17.
Headings. The titles and headings of the various sections of this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only
and shall not be deemed to be a part of this Agreement.

18.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but
all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.

19.
Further Assurances. Each party hereto shall do and perform (or shall cause to be done and performed) all such further acts and
shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as either party hereto reasonably may request
in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the Plan and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated thereunder.

20.
Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provisions of this Agreement in any jurisdiction shall not affect the
validity, legality or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in such jurisdiction or the validity, legality or enforceability
of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction, it being intended that all rights and obligations of the parties hereunder
shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.

21.
Acquired Rights. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that: (a) the Company may terminate or amend the Plan at any time; (b)
the award of Options made under this Agreement is completely independent of any other award or grant and is made at the sole and absolute
discretion of the Company; (c) no past grants or awards (including, without limitation, the Options awarded hereunder) give the Participant
any right to any grants or awards in the future whatsoever; and (d) any benefits granted under this Agreement are not part of the Participants
ordinary salary, and shall not be considered as part of such salary in the event of severance, redundancy or resignation.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

/s/ Florent Heidet 

Participant 

NANO NUCLEAR ENERGY INC. 

per: /s/
Jiang Yu 

Its
duly authorized signatory
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

NANO
Nuclear Energy Appoints Leading Advanced Nuclear Reactor Engineer Florent

Heidet, Ph.D. as its Chief Technology Officer and Head of Reactor
Development

Former
Head of Engineering at Ultra Safe Nuclear Corp. brings firsthand knowledge of

recently acquired advanced reactor technologies and extensive
reactor building experience

New
York, N.Y., March 07, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) NANO Nuclear Energy Inc. (NASDAQ: NNE) (NANO Nuclear or the
Company), a leading advanced nuclear energy and technology company focused on developing clean energy solutions, today announced
that Florent Heidet, Ph.D. has joined NANO Nuclear as its Chief Technology Officer and Head of Reactor Development.

Dr.
Heidet is a world-renowned expert on advanced nuclear reactor technologies, leveraging two decades of nuclear engineering and project
management expertise. Dr. Heidet was previously the Head of Engineering at Ultra Safe Nuclear Corp. (USNC), where he led a multidisciplinary
team of over 100 experts working around the globe to advance the development of the KRONOS MMRTM Energy System and LOKI MMRTM
technologies prior to their acquisition by NANO Nuclear earlier this year.

Prior
to his leadership role with USNC, Dr. Heidet spent 12 years at Argonne National Laboratory, where he played a central role in most of
the laboratorys reactor design projects. He led the design of the Versatile Test Reactor, a $2 billion program under the auspices
of the U.S. Department of Energy, served as the Argonne manager for the Transformational Challenge Reactor program, coordinated the Nuclear
Thermal Propulsion efforts in support of NASA, and provided expertise and leadership to numerous federal, commercial, and international
projects.

Dr.
Heidet will be primarily responsible for advancing all of NANO Nuclears reactor projects and will have general oversight of all
the Companys various other technologies in development. His decades of experience and status as an innovator in the nuclear energy
industry will be invaluable to NANO Nuclear as it seeks to position itself as a global leader in advanced nuclear energy solutions. He
will report to both James Walker, NANO Nuclears Chief Executive Officer, and Jay Yu, NANO Nuclears Chairman and President.
Mr. Walker is relinquishing the position of NANO Nuclears Head of Reactor Development to accommodate the hiring of Dr. Heidet.

I
am very proud to join the NANO Nuclear team, and I plan to hit the ground running and play a leading role in the development of our innovative
suite of nuclear reactor and related technologies, said Dr. Florent Heidet, Chief Technology Officer and Head of Reactor Development
of NANO Nuclear Energy. The management and technical teams at NANO Nuclear have proven themselves to be innovators with the development
of proprietary microreactor systems like ODIN and ZEUS, and it is a pleasure to continue my work on the KRONOS MMRTM and LOKI
MMRTM systems alongside them. Ive had the opportunity to examine the several microreactor technologies being developed
in the marketplace, and I believe NANO Nuclear is the ideal home for the KRONOS MMRTM and LOKI MMRTM. I am dedicated
to seeing the development of all of NANO Nuclear reactor designs, as well as its other innovative technologies, from testing, to regulatory
approvals and through to commercialization.

Figure
1 - NANO Nuclear Energy Appoints Leading Advanced Nuclear Reactor Engineer Florent Heidet, Ph.D., as

Chief Technology Officer (CTO) and
Head of Reactor Development

Dr.
Heidet has a proven track-record of assembling highly effective teams and consistently delivering impactful outcomes. His organizational
skills are widely acknowledged through several institutional awards. Dr. Heidet holds a Ph.D. and M.Sc. in Nuclear Engineering from the
University of California, Berkeley, a M.Sc. in Mechanical Engineering from the ENSAM (Paris, France), and business program certificates
from both Berkeley Haas School of Business and Chicago Booth School of Business. He has published numerous peer-reviewed technical papers
and authored several chapters of the Encyclopedia of Nuclear Energy.

There
are very few experts in the nuclear energy sector who can drive and build advanced reactor developments as effectively as Dr. Heidet,
said Jay Yu, Founder and Chairman of NANO Nuclear Energy. His career has been dedicated to pursuing innovative reactor solutions
that address growing energy demands here in the U.S. and around the world. His comprehensive industry knowledge and the technical expertise
required to oversee the design and construction of these sophisticated reactors, as well as our other innovative technologies, will be
crucial to NANO Nuclear and will help to solidify our position as a leader in the field.

Dr.
Heidets appointment at NANO Nuclear marks another milestone in our efforts to commercialize advanced, portable microreactor and
related technologies, said James Walker, Chief Executive Officer of NANO Nuclear Energy. He has contributed to numerous
innovative breakthroughs in the field and has overseen major development projects worth billions of dollars, including those with government
funding. His exceptional experience and expertise in the nuclear industry will be instrumental in advancing our technology through development,
licensing, and eventual commercialization.

About
NANO Nuclear Energy, Inc.

NANO
Nuclear Energy Inc. (NASDAQ: NNE) is an advanced technology-driven nuclear energy company seeking to become a commercially focused,
diversified, and vertically integrated company across five business lines: (i) cutting edge portable and other microreactor technologies,
(ii) nuclear fuel fabrication, (iii) nuclear fuel transportation, (iv) nuclear applications for space and (v) nuclear industry consulting
services. NANO Nuclear believes it is the first portable nuclear microreactor company to be listed publicly in the U.S.

Led
by a world-class nuclear engineering team, NANO Nuclears reactor products in development include ZEUS, a
solid core battery reactor, and ODIN, a low-pressure coolant reactor, each representing advanced developments in
clean energy solutions that are portable, on-demand capable, advanced nuclear microreactors. NANO Nuclear is also developing patented
stationary KRONOS MMR Energy System and space focused, portable LOKI MMR.

Advanced
Fuel Transportation Inc. (AFT), a NANO Nuclear subsidiary, is led by former executives from the largest transportation company in
the world aiming to build a North American transportation company that will provide commercial quantities of HALEU fuel to small modular
reactors, microreactor companies, national laboratories, military, and DOE programs. Through NANO Nuclear, AFT is the exclusive licensee
of a patented high-capacity HALEU fuel transportation basket developed by three major U.S. national nuclear laboratories and funded by
the Department of Energy. Assuming development and commercialization, AFT is expected to form part of the only vertically integrated
nuclear fuel business of its kind in North America.

HALEU
Energy Fuel Inc. (HEF), a NANO Nuclear subsidiary, is focusing on the future development of a domestic source for a High-Assay, Low-Enriched
Uranium (HALEU) fuel fabrication pipeline for NANO Nuclears own microreactors as well as the broader advanced nuclear reactor
industry.

NANO
Nuclear Space Inc. (NNS), a NANO Nuclear subsidiary, is exploring the potential commercial applications of NANO Nuclears developing
micronuclear reactor technology in space. NNS is focusing on applications such as the LOKI MMR system and other power
systems for extraterrestrial projects and human sustaining environments, and potentially propulsion technology for long haul space missions.
NNS initial focus will be on cis-lunar applications, referring to uses in the space region extending from Earth to the area surrounding
the Moons surface.

For
more corporate information please visit: https://NanoNuclearEnergy.com/

For
further NANO Nuclear information, please contact:

Email:
IR@NANONuclearEnergy.com

Business
Tel: (212) 634-9206

PLEASE
FOLLOW OUR SOCIAL MEDIA PAGES HERE:

NANO
Nuclear Energy LINKEDIN

NANO
Nuclear Energy YOUTUBE

NANO
Nuclear Energy X PLATFORM

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements

This
news release and statements of NANO Nuclears management in connection with this news release contain or may contain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. In this context, forward-looking statements mean statements related to future events, which may impact our expected
future business and financial performance, and often contain words such as expects, anticipates, intends,
plans, believes, potential, will, should, could,
would or may and other words of similar meaning. In this press release, forward-looking statements include
those relating to the anticipated benefits to the Company of Heidets appointment as described herein. These and other forward-looking
statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this news release and represent managements current views
and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, events or results and involve significant known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond our control. For NANO Nuclear, particular risks and uncertainties
that could cause our actual future results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements include but are
not limited to the following: (i) risks related to our U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) or related state or non-U.S. nuclear
fuel licensing submissions, (ii) risks related the development of new or advanced technology and the acquisition of complimentary technology
or businesses, including difficulties with design and testing, cost overruns, regulatory delays, integration issues and the development
of competitive technology, (iii) our ability to obtain contracts and funding to be able to continue operations or fund research (including
SBIR applications and other government funding, which might not receive DOE approval), (iv) risks related to uncertainty regarding our
ability to technologically develop and commercially deploy a competitive advanced nuclear reactor or other technology in the timelines
we anticipate, if ever, (v) risks related to the impact of U.S. and non-U.S. government regulation, policies and licensing requirements,
including by the DOE and the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, including those associated with the recently enacted ADVANCE Act, and
(vi) similar risks and uncertainties associated with the operating an early stage business a highly regulated and rapidly evolving industry.
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this news release.
These factors may not constitute all factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in any forward-looking statement,
and NANO Nuclear therefore encourages investors to review other factors that may affect future results in its filings with the SEC, which
are available for review at www.sec.gov and at https://ir.nanonuclearenergy.com/financial-information/sec-filings. Accordingly,
forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a predictor of actual results. We do not undertake to update our forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this news release, except as required by law.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>nne-20250312.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>nne-20250312_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>nne-20250312_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>nne-20250312_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 12, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 12, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42044

Entity Registrant Name Nano
Nuclear Energy Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001923891

Entity Tax Identification Number 88-0861977

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 10
Times Square

Entity Address, Address Line Two 30th
Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New
York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10018

City Area Code (212)

Local Phone Number 634-9206

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol NNE

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=NNE_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
2 
24 
1 
false 
1 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://nanonuclearenergy.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
nne-20250312.xsd 
nne-20250312_def.xml 
nne-20250312_lab.xml 
nne-20250312_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-010036-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001923891 

2025-03-12 
2025-03-12 

0001923891 

NNE:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-03-12 
2025-03-12 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001923891 
8-K 
2025-03-12 
Nano Nuclear Energy Inc. 
NV 
001-42044 
88-0861977 
10 Times Square 
30th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10018 
(212) 
634-9206 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
NNE 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>