<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-051996.txt : 20250311
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-051996.hdr.sgml : 20250311
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250311164930
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-051996
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250311
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250311
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250311

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			First Eagle Private Credit Fund
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001890107
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01642
		FILM NUMBER:		25728331

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, 48TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-450-4424

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, 48TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d890166d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0001890107--12-3100018901072025-03-112025-03-11

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): March 11, 2025

First Eagle Private Credit Fund

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 814-01642 87-6975595

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification Number)

1345 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, NY 10105

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code (212)698-3300

None

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

N/A N/A N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement 

On March 11, 2025, First Eagle Private Credit Fund (the Fund) and First Eagle Investment Management, LLC (the Adviser) entered into an amended and restated investment advisory agreement (the Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement), which amends the Funds previously effective investment advisory agreement to, among other things, (i) remove certain sunset provisions that previously stated that certain requirements of the Omnibus Guidelines of the North American Securities Administrators Association (the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines) would no longer apply if the Funds shares become covered securities within the meaning of Section 18 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), (ii) amend certain undertakings provisions, including to clarify compliance with the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines, (iii) amend certain indemnification provisions, including to clarify compliance with the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines, (iv) amend certain expense allocation provisions, including to clarify compliance with the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines, and (v) amend certain termination provisions, including to clarify compliance with the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines. 

The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to a copy of the Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Amended and Restated Subadvisory Agreement 

On March 11, 2025, the Fund, the Adviser, and First Eagle Alternative Credit, LLC (the Subadviser) entered into an amended and restated subadvisory agreement (the Amended and Restated Subadvisory Agreement), which amends the Funds previously effective subadvisory agreement to, among other things, (i) remove certain sunset provisions that previously stated that certain requirements of the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines would no longer apply if the Funds shares become covered securities within the meaning of Section 18 of the Securities Act, (ii) amend certain undertakings provisions, including to clarify compliance with the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines, (iii) amend certain indemnification provisions, including to clarify compliance with the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines, and (iv) amend certain expense allocation provisions, including to clarify compliance with the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines. 

The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to a copy of the Amended and Restated Subadvisory Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Amended and Restated Administration Agreement 

On March 11, 2025, the Fund and First Eagle Alternative Credit, LLC (in its capacity as the administrator, the Administrator) entered into an amended and restated administration agreement (the Amended and Restated Administration Agreement), which amends the Funds previously effective administration agreement to, among other things, (i) remove certain sunset provisions that previously stated that certain requirements of the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines would no longer apply if the Funds shares become covered securities within the meaning of Section 18 of the Securities Act, (ii) amend certain indemnification provisions, including to clarify compliance with the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines, and (iii) amend certain expense allocation provisions, including to clarify compliance with the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines. 

The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to a copy of the Amended and Restated Administration Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 5.03 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws 

Third Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust 

On March 11, 2025, the Board of Trustees (the Board) of the Fund adopted the Third Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of the Fund (the Third Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust), which amends the Funds previously effective declaration of trust at the request of state securities regulators to, among other things, (i) require annual shareholder meetings, (ii) amend certain election and removal provisions for the members of the Board (each member, a Trustee), including to comply with the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines, (iii) amend certain provisions regarding amendments to the Amended and Restated Bylaws (as defined below), including to clarify compliance with the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines, (iv) amend certain indemnification provisions, including to clarify compliance with the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines, (v) amend certain expense allocation provisions, including to clarify compliance with the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines, (vi) amend certain provisions regarding roll-up transactions, including to clarify compliance with the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines, (vii) remove the ownership threshold restriction on the ability of shareholders to bring derivative actions, (viii) amend certain provisions regarding rights and obligations of shareholders, including to clarify compliance with the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines, (ix) add a provision that the offering period of shares may not exceed one year from the date of effectiveness unless permitted by the state administrator, (x) amend certain principal transaction provisions, including to clarify compliance with the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines, (xi) amend certain distribution provisions, including to clarify compliance with the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines, (xii) amend certain provisions regarding Adviser requirements, including to clarify compliance with the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines, (xiii) amend certain provisions regarding termination of the Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement, including to clarify compliance with the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines, (xiv) amend certain provisions regarding other goods and services, including to clarify compliance with the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines, (xv) amend certain provisions regarding conflicts of interest and investment restrictions, including to clarify compliance with the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines, and (xvii) amend certain investor suitability provisions, including to clarify compliance with the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines. 

The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to a copy of the Third Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust, which is filed as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Amended and Restated Bylaws 

On March 11, 2025, the Board adopted the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Fund (the Amended and Restated Bylaws), which amend the Funds previously effective bylaws to, among other things, (i) require annual shareholder meetings, (ii) amend certain provisions regarding shareholder meetings, including to clarify compliance with NASAA guidelines, (iii) amend certain provisions regarding the election of Trustees, (iv) amend certain provisions regarding the rights of Trustees, officers, employees and agents to clarify, including to clarify compliance with the NASAA Omnibus Guidelines. 

The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to a copy of the Amended and Restated Bylaws, which is filed as Exhibit 3.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

3.1 Third Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust. 

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws. 

10.1 Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement. 

10.2 Amended and Restated Subadvisory Agreement. 

10.3 Amended and Restated Administration Agreement. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

FIRST EAGLE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND

Date: March 11, 2025 By: 

/s/ Sabrina Rusnak-Carlson

Name: Sabrina Rusnak-Carlson

Title: General Counsel and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d890166dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST 

OF 

FIRST EAGLE PRIVATE
CREDIT FUND 

March 11, 2025 

* * * * * * * * * * 

ARTICLE I 

NAME;
DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.1. Name. The name of the statutory trust is First Eagle Private Credit Fund (the
Company). So far as may be practicable, the business of the Company shall be conducted and transacted under that name, which name (and the word Company whenever used in this Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust (the
Declaration of Trust), except where the context otherwise requires) shall refer to the Board of Trustees (as defined herein) collectively but not individually or personally and shall not refer to the Shareholders or to any officers,
employees or agents of the Company or of such Trustees. Under circumstances in which the Trustees determine that the use of the name First Eagle Private Credit Fund is not practicable, they may use any other designation or name for the
Company, subject to applicable law. Any name change shall become effective upon the filing of a certificate of amendment pursuant to Section 3810(b) of the Statutory Trust Act (as defined below). Any such instrument shall not require the
approval of the Shareholders, but shall have the status of an amendment to this Declaration of Trust. This Declaration of Trust amends and restates in its entirety the declaration of trust of the Company dated as of March 30, 2023. 

Section 1.2. Definitions. As used in this Declaration of Trust, the following terms shall have the following meanings unless the
context otherwise requires: 

1940 Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended from time to time, and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Acquisition Expenses means expenses, including, but not limited to,
legal fees and expenses, travel and communication expenses, costs regarding determination of creditworthiness and due diligence on prospective portfolio holding companies, non-refundable option payments on
assets not acquired, accounting fees and expenses, and miscellaneous expenses relating to the purchase or acquisition of assets, whether or not acquired. 

Acquisition Fees means any and all fees and commissions, exclusive of Acquisition Expenses, paid by any Person to any other
Person (including any fees or commissions paid by or to any Affiliate of the Company or the Adviser) in connection with the initial purchase or acquisition of assets by the Company. Included in the computation of such fees or commissions shall be
any commission, selection fee, supervision fee, financing fee, non-recurring management fee or any fee of a similar nature, however designated. 

1 

Administrator means First Eagle Alternative Credit, LLC, any Person to
whom the Administrator subcontracts any and all such services, and any successor to an Administrator who enters into an administrative services agreement with the Company or who subcontracts with a successor Administrator. 

Adviser means First Eagle Investment Management, LLC or an affiliated successor in interest thereto, any Person to whom the
Adviser subcontracts any and all such services pursuant to a sub-advisory agreement and any successor to an Adviser who enters into an Advisory Agreement with the Company or who subcontracts with a successor
Adviser. If the Adviser no longer serves as the investment adviser to the Company, the rights of the Adviser in this Declaration of Trust will become the rights of the Trustees. 

Advisory Agreement means that certain investment advisory agreement between the Company and the Adviser named therein
pursuant to which the Adviser will act as the adviser to the Company and provide investment advisory, investment management and other specified services to the Company, including any sub-advisory agreement.

Affiliate or Affiliated means (subject to the limits under the 1940 Act or an exemptive order from
the SEC, as each may be applicable) with respect to any specified Person: 

(a) any other Person directly or indirectly owning, controlling
or holding, with the power to vote, ten percent (10%) or more of the outstanding voting securities of such specified Person; 

(b) any
other Person ten percent (10%) or more of whose outstanding voting securities are directly or indirectly owned, controlled or held, with the power to vote, by such specified Person; 

(c) any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such specified Person; 

(d) any officer, director, trustee, partner, copartner or employee of such specified Person; 

(e) any legal entity on which such Person acts as an executive officer, director, trustee or partner; and 

(f) if such specified Person is an investment company, any investment adviser thereof or any member of an advisory board thereof. 

Assessment means an additional amount of capital that may be mandatorily required of, or paid voluntarily by, a Shareholder
beyond his or her subscription commitment excluding deferred payments. 

2 

Benefit Plan Investor means a benefit plan investor as defined in the
Plan Asset Regulations. 

Bylaws means the bylaws of the Company, as the same are in effect and may be amended from time
to time. 

Cash Available for Distribution means Cash Flow plus cash funds available for distribution from Company
reserves less amounts set aside for restoration or creation of reserves. 

Cash Flow means Company cash funds provided
from operations, without deduction for depreciation, but after deducting cash funds used to pay all other expenses, debt payments, capital improvements and replacements. Cash withdrawn from reserves is not Cash Flow. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto. Reference to
any provision of the Code shall mean such provision as in effect from time to time, as the same may be amended, and any successor provision thereto, as interpreted by any applicable regulations as in effect from time to time. 

Common Shares means the common Shares, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company that may be issued from time to time in
accordance with the terms of this Declaration of Trust and applicable law, as described in Article V hereof, including any class or series of Common Shares. 

Controlling Person shall mean (subject to the limits under the 1940 Act or an exemptive order from the SEC, as each may be
applicable), all Persons, whatever their titles, who perform functions for the Sponsor similar to those of: (a) chairperson or member of the board of directors; (b) executive officers; and (c) those holding ten percent or more equity
interest in the Sponsor or a Person having the power to direct or cause the direction of the Sponsor, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise. 

DGCL means Delaware General Corporation Law, 8 Del. C. 100, et. seq., as amended from time to time, or any successor
statute thereto. 

ERISA The term ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended. 

ERISA Controlling Person The term ERISA Controlling Person means a Person (other than a Benefit
Plan Investor) who has discretionary authority or control with respect to the assets of the Company or who provides investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such assets, or any affiliate of such a Person within the meaning of
29 C.F.R. 2510.3-101(f)(3).

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Front End Fees means fees and expenses
paid by any party for any services rendered to organize the Company and to acquire assets for the Company, including Organization and Offering Expenses, Acquisition Fees, Acquisition Expenses, and any other similar fees, however designated by the
Board. 

3 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect in the
United States of America from time to time or such other accounting basis mandated by the SEC. 

Independent Expert
means a Person with no material current or prior business or personal relationship with the Sponsor, who is engaged to a substantial extent in the business of rendering opinions regarding the value of assets of the type held by the Company, and who
is qualified to perform such work. 

Independent Trustee means a Trustee who is not an Interested Person. 

Interested Person means a Person who is an interested person as that term is defined under
Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. 

Liquidity Event means a Listing or any merger, reorganization, business
combination, share exchange, acquisition by any Person or related group of Persons of beneficial ownership of all or substantially all of the Shares of the Company in one or more related transactions, or similar transaction involving the Company
pursuant to which the Shareholders receive for their Shares, as full or partial consideration, cash, equity Securities or combination thereof: (a) a Listing; (b) a sale or merger in a transaction that provides Shareholders with cash and/or
securities of a publicly traded company; or (c) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company for cash or other consideration. 

Listing means the listing of the Common Shares (or any successor thereof) on a national securities exchange or national
securities association registered with the SEC or the receipt by the Shareholders of Securities that are approved for trading on a national securities exchange or national securities association registered with the SEC in exchange for the Common
Shares. The term Listed shall have the correlative meaning. With regard to the Common Shares, upon commencement of trading of the Common Shares on a national securities exchange or national securities association registered with the SEC,
the Common Shares shall be deemed Listed. 

Net Worth means the excess of total assets over total liabilities as
determined by GAAP. 

Omnibus Guidelines means the Omnibus Guidelines Statement of Policy adopted by the North American
Securities Administrators Association on March 29, 1992 and as amended on May 7, 2007 and from time to time. 

Organization and Offering Expenses means any and all costs and expenses incurred by and to be paid from the assets of the
Company in connection with and in preparing for the formation, qualification and registration of the Company, and the marketing and distribution of shares, including, without limitation, total underwriting and brokerage discounts and commissions
(including fees of the underwriters attorneys), expenses for printing, engraving, 

4 

amending, supplementing, mailing and distributing costs, salaries of employees while engaged in sales activity, telephone and other telecommunications costs, all advertising and marketing
expenses (including the costs related to investor and broker-dealer sales meetings), charges of transfer agents, registrars, trustees, escrow agents or holders, depositories, experts, fees, expenses and taxes related to the filing, registration and
qualification of the sale of the shares under federal and state laws, including taxes and fees and accountants and attorneys fees. 

Person means an individual, corporation, partnership, estate, trust joint venture, limited liability company or other
entity or association. 

Plan Asset Regulation means 29 C.F.R. 
2510.3-101, as modified by section 3(42) of ERISA. 

Publicly Offered Securities
means publicly offered securities as defined in 29 C.F.R. 2510.3-101(b)(2) or any successor regulation thereto. 

Roll-Up Entity means a partnership, trust, corporation, or similar entity that
would be created or would survive after the successful completion of a proposed Roll-Up Transaction. 

Roll-Up Transaction means a transaction involving the acquisition, merger,
conversion or consolidation either directly or indirectly of the Company and the issuance of securities of a Roll-Up Entity to the Shareholders. Such term does not include: 

(a) a transaction involving Securities of the Company that have been for at least twelve (12) months listed on a national exchange or that
are traded through the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation-National Market System; or 

(b) a transaction
involving the conversion to another corporate form or to a trust or association form of only the Company, if, as a consequence of the transaction, there will be no significant adverse change in any of the following: 

(i) 

Shareholders voting rights; 

(ii) 

the term of existence of the Company; 

(iii) 

Adviser compensation; or 

(iv) 

the Companys investment objective. 

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Securities means Common Shares, any other Shares or other evidences of equity or beneficial or other interests, voting
trust certificates, bonds, debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness, secured or unsecured, convertible, subordinated or otherwise, or in general any instruments commonly known as securities or any certificates of interest,
shares or participations in, temporary or interim certificates for, receipts for, guarantees of, or warrants, options or rights to subscribe to, purchase or acquire, any of the foregoing if and only if any such item is treated as a
security under the Exchange Act, or applicable state securities laws. 

5 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Shareholders means the registered holders of the Companys Shares. 

Shares means the unit of beneficial interest in the trust estate of the Company. 

Sponsor means any person directly or indirectly instrumental in organizing, wholly or in part, a program or any person who
will control, manage or participate in the management of a program, and any affiliate of such person. Not included is any person whose only relation with the program is that of an independent manager of a portion of program assets, and whose only
compensation is as such. Sponsor does not include wholly independent third parties such as attorneys, accountants, and underwriters whose only compensation is for professional services rendered in connection with the offering of program
interests. A person may also be deemed a Sponsor of the program by: 

(a) taking the initiative, directly or indirectly, in founding or
organizing the business or enterprise of the program, either alone or in conjunction with one or more other persons; 

(b) receiving a
material participation in the program in connection with the founding or organizing of the business of the program, in consideration of services or property, or both services and property; 

(c) having a substantial number of relationships and contacts with the program; 

(d) possessing significant rights to control program properties; 

(e) receiving fees for providing services to the program which are paid on a basis that is not customary in the industry; or 

(f) providing goods or services to the program on a basis which was not negotiated at arms length with the program. 

Statutory Trust Act means Chapter 38 of Title 12 of the Delaware Code, 12 Del. C. 3801, et seq., as such act may be
amended from time to time. 

Trustees, Board of Trustees or Board means,
collectively, the individuals referenced in Section 4.1 of this Declaration of Trust so long as they continue in office and all other individuals who have been duly elected and qualify as Trustees of the Company hereunder. 

ARTICLE II 

NATURE AND
PURPOSE 

The Company is a Delaware statutory trust within the meaning of the Statutory Trust Act, existing pursuant to this
Declaration of Trust and the Companys certificate of trust filed with the Delaware Secretary of States office on October 20, 2021, as restated by the Companys restated certificate of trust filed with the Delaware Secretary of
States office on March 15, 2023 (which filings are hereby ratified), each as may be amended or amended and restated from time to time. 

6 

The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which trusts may
be organized under the Statutory Trust Act as now or hereafter in force, including to conduct, operate and carry on the business of a closed-end investment company operating as a business development company,
as such terms are defined in the 1940 Act, subject to making an election therefor under the 1940 Act, and to carry on such other business as the Trustees may from time to time determine pursuant to their authority under this Declaration of Trust. In
furtherance of the foregoing, it shall be the purpose of the Company to do everything necessary, suitable, convenient or proper for the conduct, promotion and attainment of any businesses and purposes which at any time may be incidental or may
appear conducive or expedient for the accomplishment of the business of a business development company regulated under the 1940 Act and which may be engaged in or carried on by a trust organized under the Statutory Trust Act, and in connection
therewith the Company shall have the power and authority to engage in the foregoing and may exercise all of the powers conferred by the laws of the State of Delaware upon a Delaware statutory trust. The Company may not, without the affirmative vote
of a majority of the outstanding voting securities, as such term is defined under Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act, of the Company entitled to vote on the matter, change the nature of the Companys business so that the Company ceases to
be, or withdraws the Companys election to be, treated as a business development company under the 1940 Act. 

Legal title to all of
the assets of the Company shall be vested in the Company as a separate legal entity except that the Trustees shall have power to cause legal title to any assets of the Company to be held in the name of any other Person as nominee, custodian or
pledgee, on such terms as the Trustees may determine, provided that such arrangement is permitted by the 1940 Act and the interest of the Company therein is appropriately protected. 

ARTICLE III 

[Reserved]

ARTICLE IV 

PROVISIONS FOR DEFINING, LIMITING AND REGULATING CERTAIN POWERS OF THE COMPANY AND OF THE SHAREHOLDERS AND TRUSTEES 

Section 4.1. Number of Trustees. The business and affairs of the Company shall be managed under the direction of the Board of
Trustees. The Board of Trustees shall have full, exclusive and absolute power, control and authority over the Companys assets and over the business of the Company to the same extent as a board of directors of a Delaware corporation. The Board
of Trustees may take any actions as in its sole judgment and discretion are necessary or desirable to conduct the business of the Company. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws, each Trustee and
officer of the Company shall have duties including fiduciary duties (and liability therefore) identical to those of directors and 

7 

officers of a private corporation for profit organized under the DGCL and shall not have any other duties, including any fiduciary duties, except for fiduciary duties identical to those of
directors and officers of a private corporation for profit organized under the DGCL. The number of Trustees of the Company is six (6), which number may be increased or decreased from time to time only by the Trustees pursuant to the Bylaws, but
shall never be less than three (3), except for a period of up to sixty (60) days after the death, removal or resignation of a Trustee pending the election of such Trustees successor. 

A majority of the Board of Trustees shall be Independent Trustees, except for a period of up to sixty (60) days or such longer period
permitted by law, after the death, removal or resignation of an Independent Trustee pending the election of such Independent Trustees successor by the remaining Trustees. 

Subject to applicable requirements of the 1940 Act, in order that any and all vacancies on the Board may be filled, only by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the remaining Trustees in office may a vacancy be filled, even if the remaining Trustees do not constitute a quorum; provided, however, that any such Trustee elected by the remaining Trustees to fill a vacancy shall be proposed
for election by Shareholders at the next annual meeting of Shareholders . There shall be no cumulative voting in the election or removal of Trustees. Except as otherwise stated in this paragraph, Trustees shall be elected as set forth in the Bylaws.

Section 4.2. Classes of Trustees. The Board of Trustees shall be divided into three classes, designated Class I,
Class II and Class III, as nearly equal in number as possible, and the term of office of Trustees of one class shall expire at each annual meeting of Shareholders, and in all cases as to each Trustee such term shall extend until his or her
successor shall be elected and shall qualify or until his or her resignation, removal from office, death or incapacity. Additional trusteeships resulting from an increase in number of Trustees shall be apportioned among the classes as equally as
possible. The initial term of office of Trustees of Class I shall expire at the Companys next annual meeting of Shareholders; the initial term of office of Trustees of Class II shall expire at the Companys second annual meeting
of Shareholders; and the initial term of office of Trustees of Class III shall expire at the Companys third annual meeting of Shareholders. Following such initial terms, at each annual meeting of Shareholders, a number of Trustees equal
to the number of Trustee of the class whose term expires at the time of such meeting (or, if less, the number of Trustee properly nominated and qualified for election) shall be elected to hold office until the third succeeding annual meeting of
Shareholders after their election. Each Trustee may be reelected to an unlimited number of succeeding terms in accordance with these provisions. 

If the Board of Trustees is classified, at each annual election, Trustees chosen to succeed those whose terms then expire shall be of the same
class as the Trustees they succeed, unless by reason of any intervening changes in the authorized number of Trustees, the Board of Trustees shall designate one or more trusteeships whose term then expires as trusteeships of another class in order to
more nearly achieve equality of number of Trustees among the classes. 

8 

Notwithstanding the rule that the three classes shall be as nearly equal in number of
Trustees as possible, in the event of any change in the authorized number of Trustees, each Trustee then continuing to serve as such shall nevertheless continue as a Trustee of the class of which such Trustee is a member until the expiration of his
or her current term, or his or her prior death, resignation or removal. If any newly created trusteeship may, consistently with the rule that the three classes shall be as nearly equal in number of Trustees as possible, be allocated to any class,
the Board of Trustees shall allocate it to that of the available class whose term of office is due to expire at the earliest date following such allocation. 

The voting procedures and the number of votes required to elect a Trustee shall be as set forth in the Bylaws, which may be amended by the
Board. 

Section 4.3. Shareholder Voting and Annual Meetings. The Fund shall hold annual meetings of Shareholders upon
reasonable notice and within a reasonable period, as determined by the Trustees, following delivery and/or transmittal of the Companys annual report. Except as provided in Article II, Section 4.9, Section 6.3, Section 10.2,
Section 11.1, Section 13.2 and Section 13.3 of this Declaration of Trust, and notwithstanding any provision of law permitting any particular action to be approved by the affirmative vote of the Shareholders of the Company entitled to
cast a greater number of votes, any such action shall be effective and valid if declared advisable and approved by the Board of Trustees, and approved by a majority of the votes cast at a meeting of Shareholders at which a quorum is present. All
shares of all classes shall vote together as a single class provided that: (a) as to any matter with respect to which a separate vote of any class is required by the 1940 Act or any orders issued thereunder, such requirement as to a separate
vote by that class shall apply in lieu of a general vote of all classes; (b) in the event that separate voting requirements apply with respect to one or more classes, then subject to subparagraph (c), the shares of all other classes not
entitled to a separate vote shall vote together as a single class; and (d) as to any matter which in the judgment of the Board (which judgment shall be conclusive) does not affect the interest of a particular class, such class shall not be
entitled to any vote and only the holders of shares of the one or more affected classes shall be entitled to vote. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws to the contrary, for such matters that require the
vote of a majority of the outstanding voting Shares of the Company under the 1940 Act, such majority vote shall be determined as set forth in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act. The provisions of this Section 4.3 shall be subject to the
limitations of the 1940 Act and other applicable statutes or regulations. 

Section 4.4. Quorum. The determination of whether a
quorum has been established for a meeting of the Companys Shareholders shall be as set forth in the Bylaws. 

Section 4.5.
Preemptive Rights. Except as may be provided by the Board of Trustees in setting the terms of classified or reclassified Shares or as may otherwise be provided by contract approved by the Board, no Shareholder shall, as such Shareholder, have
any preemptive right to purchase or subscribe for any additional Shares of the Company or any other Security of the Company that it may issue or sell. 

Section 4.6. Appraisal Rights. Except as may be provided by the Board of Trustees in setting the terms of any class or series of
Shares, and except in connection with a Roll-Up Transaction as provided in Section 12.1, no Shareholder shall be entitled to exercise appraisal rights in connection with any transaction. 

9 

Section 4.7. Determinations by the Board. The determination as to any of the
following matters, made in good faith and in accordance with its fiduciary duties by or pursuant to the direction of the Board of Trustees consistent with this Declaration of Trust shall be final and conclusive and shall be binding upon the Company
and every Shareholder: (i) the amount of the net income of the Company for any period and the amount of assets at any time legally available for the payment of dividends, redemption or repurchase of its Shares or the payment of other
distributions on its Shares; (ii) the amount of stated capital, capital surplus, net assets, other surplus, annual or other net profit, net assets in excess of capital, undivided profits or excess of profits over losses on sales of assets;
(iii) the amount, purpose, time of creation, increase or decrease, alteration or cancellation of any reserves or charges and the propriety thereof (whether or not any obligation or liability for which such reserves or charges shall have been
created shall have been paid or discharged); (iv) any interpretation of the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers or rights, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications or terms or
conditions of redemption of any class or series of Shares of the Company; (v) the fair value, or any sale, bid or asked price to be applied in determining the fair value, of any asset owned or held by the Company or any Shares of the Company;
(vi) any matter relating to the acquisition, holding and disposition of any assets by the Company; or (vii) any other matter relating to the business and affairs of the Company or required or permitted by applicable law, this Declaration
of Trust or the Bylaws or otherwise to be determined by the Board provided, however, that any determination by the Board as to any of the preceding matters shall not render invalid or improper any action taken or omitted prior to such determination
and no Trustee shall be liable for making or failing to make such a determination. Nothing in this Section shall be deemed to prevent a Shareholder from bringing an action for breach of trust, either directly or indirectly. 

Section 4.8. Sole Discretion; Good Faith; Corporate Opportunities of Adviser. Unless expressly provided otherwise herein or in the
Companys offering document (as may be amended from time to time), the Adviser and any Affiliate of the Adviser may engage in or possess an interest in other profit-seeking or business ventures of any nature or description, independently or
with others, whether or not such ventures are competitive with the Company and the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any analogous doctrine. To the extent that the Adviser acquires knowledge of a potential transaction, agreement, arrangement or
other matter that may be an opportunity for the Company, it shall not have any duty to communicate or offer such opportunity to the Company, subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the
Advisers Act), and any applicable co-investment order issued by the Commission. Neither the Company nor any Shareholder shall have any rights or obligations by virtue of this Declaration of Trust
or the trust relationship created hereby in or to such independent ventures or the income or profits or losses derived therefrom, and the pursuit of such ventures, even if competitive with the activities of the Company, shall not be deemed wrongful
or improper. 

10 

Section 4.9. Resignation and Removal of Trustees. Any of the Trustees may resign
their trust (without need for prior or subsequent accounting) by an instrument in writing signed by such Trustee and delivered or mailed to the Trustees or the Chairperson, if any, and such resignation shall be effective upon such delivery, or at a
later date according to the terms of the instrument. Any Trustee, or the entire Board, may be removed from office at any time (provided the aggregate number of Trustees after such removal shall not be less than the minimum number required by
Section 4.1 hereof) (i) by a majority of the remaining Trustees (or in the case of the removal of a Trustee that is not an Interested Person a majority of the remaining Trustees that are not Interested Persons) but only for cause or
(ii) or upon a vote by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding Shares of the Company entitled to vote on the matter with or without cause, without concurrence by the Trustees. Upon the resignation or removal of a Trustee, each such
resigning or removed Trustee shall execute and deliver such documents as the remaining Trustees shall require for the purpose of conveying to the Company or the remaining Trustees any Company property held in the name of such resigning or removed
Trustee. Upon the incapacity or death of any Trustee, such Trustees legal representative shall execute and deliver on such Trustees behalf such documents as the remaining Trustees shall require as provided in the preceding sentence.
Except to the extent expressly provided in a written agreement with the Company, no Trustee resigning and no Trustee removed shall have any right to any compensation for any period following the effective date of his resignation or removal, or any
right to damages on account of a removal. 

Section 4.10. Business Combination. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Declaration of Trust or any contrary provision of law, the Board of Trustees may, with the affirmative vote by a majority of the then outstanding Shares of the Company entitled to vote on the matter, cause the Company to convert into or merge,
reorganize or consolidate with or into one or more trusts, partnerships, limited liability companies, corporations or other business entities, provided that the resulting entity is a business development company under the 1940 Act. Approval of any
agreement or applicable certificate of merger, reorganization, consolidation or conversion or certificate may be signed by a majority of the Board of Trustees or an authorized officer of the Company. In accordance with Section 3815(f) of the
Statutory Trust Act, such approval and approval from the Board will effect an amendment to this Declaration of Trust and/or effect the adoption of a new declaration of trust of the Company or change the name of the Company if the Company is the
surviving or resulting entity in the merger or consolidation. 

Section 4.11. Special Meetings. 

(a) General. (i) The Chairperson of the Board, if any (ii) the Chief Executive Officer, or (iii) a majority of the Board
may call a special meeting of the Shareholders. Subject to subsection (b) of this Section 4.11, the Secretary of the Company shall call a special meeting of Shareholders upon the written request of the Shareholders entitled to cast not
less than ten percent (10%) of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting. 

(b) Shareholder Requested Special Meetings. 

(i) Any Shareholder of record seeking to have Shareholders request a special meeting shall, by sending written notice to the Secretary (the
Record Date Request Notice) by registered mail, return receipt requested, request the Board to fix a record date to determine the Shareholders entitled to request a special meeting (the Request Record Date). The
Record Date Request Notice shall set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on 

11 

at it, shall be signed by one or more Shareholders of record as of the date of signature (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the Record Date Request Notice), shall bear the
date of signature of each such Shareholder (or such agent) and shall set forth all information relating to each such Shareholder that must be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of Trustees in an election contest (even if an election
contest is not involved), or as otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act. Upon receiving the Record Date Request Notice and subject to the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, the Board
may fix a Request Record Date. The Request Record Date shall not precede and shall not be more than ten (10) days after the close of business on the date on which the resolution fixing the Request Record Date is adopted by the Board. If the
Board, within ten (10) days after the date on which a valid Record Date Request Notice is received, fails to adopt a resolution fixing the Request Record Date, the Request Record Date shall be the close of business on the tenth (10th) day after
the first date on which the Record Date Request Notice is received by the Secretary. 

(ii) In order for any Shareholder to request a
special meeting, one or more written requests for a special meeting signed by Shareholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the request) as of the Request Record Date entitled to cast not less than ten percent
(10%) (the Special Meeting Percentage) of all of the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting (the Special Meeting Request) shall be delivered to the Secretary. In addition, the Special Meeting Request shall
set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it (which shall be limited to the matters set forth in the Record Date Request Notice received by the Secretary), shall bear the date of signature of each such
Shareholder (or such agent) signing the Special Meeting Request, shall set forth the name and address, as they appear in the Companys books, of each Shareholder signing such Special Meeting Request (or on whose behalf the Special Meeting
Request is signed) and the class, series and number of all Shares of the Company which are owned by each such Shareholder, and the nominee holder for, and number of, Shares owned beneficially but not of record, shall be sent to the Secretary by
registered mail, return receipt requested, and shall be received by the Secretary within sixty (60) days after the Request Record Date (the Special Meeting Request Deadline). Any requesting Shareholder may revoke his, her or
its request for a special meeting at any time by written revocation delivered to the Secretary (or agent duly authorized in a writing accompanying the revocation or the Special Meeting Request). 

(iii) If the Special Meeting Percentage is met by the Special Meeting Request Deadline, the Secretary shall inform the requesting Shareholders
of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and mailing the notice of meeting (including the Companys proxy materials). The Secretary shall not be required to call a special meeting upon Shareholder request and such meeting shall not be held
unless, in addition to the documents required by this subsection, the Secretary receives payment of such reasonably estimated cost prior to the mailing of any notice of the meeting. 

12 

(iv) Except as provided in the next sentence, any special meeting shall be held at such
place, date and time as may be designated by the Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Trustees, whoever has called the meeting. In the case of any special meeting called by the Secretary upon the request of Shareholders (a Shareholder
Requested Meeting), such meeting shall be held at such place, date and time as may be designated by the Board of Trustees; provided, however, that the date of any Shareholder Requested Meeting shall be not more than sixty (60) days
nor less than fifteen (15) days after the Secretary gives notice for such meeting (the Meeting Record Date); and provided further that if the Board fails to designate, within ten (10) days after the date that a valid Special
Meeting Request is actually received by the Secretary (the Delivery Date), a date and time for a Shareholder requested meeting, then such meeting shall be held at 2:00 p.m. local time on the sixtieth (60th) day after the Meeting
Record Date or, if such sixtieth (60th) day is not a Business Day (as defined below), on the first preceding Business Day. The Secretary shall provide a notice to all Shareholders of such Shareholder Requested Meeting within ten (10) days of
the Delivery Date, by person or by mail, of the date, time and location of such Shareholder Requested Meeting and the purpose of the Shareholder Requested Meeting; provided that in the event that the Board fails to designate a place for a
Shareholder Requested Meeting within ten (10) days after the Delivery Date, then such meeting shall be held at the principal executive office of the Company. In fixing a date for any special meeting, the Chief Executive Officer or the Board of
Trustees may consider such factors as the Trustees deem relevant within the good faith exercise of business judgment, including, without limitation, the nature of the matters to be considered, the facts and circumstances surrounding any request for
meeting and any plan of the Board to call an annual meeting or a special meeting. In the case of any Shareholder Requested Meeting, the Board shall fix a Meeting Record Date that is a date not later than thirty (30) days after the Delivery
Date. The Board of Trustees may revoke the notice for any Shareholder Requested Meeting in the event that the requesting Shareholders fail to comply with the provisions of paragraph (iii) of this Section 4.11(b). 

(v) If written revocations of requests for the special meeting have been delivered to the Secretary and the result is that Shareholders of
record (or their agents duly authorized in writing), as of the Request Record Date, entitled to cast less than the Special Meeting Percentage have delivered, and not revoked, requests for a special meeting to the Secretary, the Secretary shall:
(i) if the notice of meeting has not already been mailed, refrain from mailing the notice of the meeting and send to all requesting Shareholders who have not revoked such requests written notice of any revocation of a request for the special
meeting, or (ii) if the notice of meeting has been mailed and if the Secretary first sends to all requesting Shareholders who have not revoked requests for a special meeting written notice of any revocation of a request for the special meeting
and written notice of the Secretarys intention to revoke the notice of the meeting, revoke the notice of the meeting at any time before ten (10) days before the commencement of the meeting. Any request for a special meeting received after
a revocation by the Secretary of a notice of a meeting shall be considered a request for a new special meeting. 

(vi) The Board, the
Chairperson of the Board, if any, or the Chief Executive Officer may appoint independent inspectors of elections to act as the agent of the Company for the purpose of promptly performing a ministerial review of the validity of any purported Special
Meeting Request received by the Secretary. For the purpose of permitting the inspectors to perform such review, no such purported request shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Secretary until the earlier of (i) five (5) Business Days
after receipt by the Secretary of such purported request and (ii) such date as the independent inspectors certify to the Company that the 

13 

valid requests received by the Secretary represent, as of the Request Record Date, not less than the Special Meeting Percentage. Nothing contained in this subsection (vi) shall in any way be
construed to suggest or imply that the Company or any Shareholder shall not be entitled to contest the validity of any request, whether during or after such five (5) Business Day period, or to take any other action (including, without
limitation, the commencement, prosecution or defense of any litigation with respect thereto, and the seeking of injunctive relief in such litigation). 

(vii) For purposes of this Declaration of Trust, Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or other
day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 

Section 4.12. Trust Only. It is the intention of the Trustees to create only the relationship of Trustee and beneficiary between
the Trustees and each Shareholder from time to time. It is not the intention of the Trustees to create a general partnership, limited partnership, joint stock association, corporation, bailment or any form of legal relationship other than a Delaware
statutory trust. Nothing in this Declaration of Trust shall be construed to make the Shareholders, either by themselves or with the Trustees, partners or members of a joint stock association. 

Section 4.13. Trustee Action by Written Consent. Any action which may be taken by Trustees by vote may be taken without a meeting
if that number of the Trustees, or members of a committee, as the case may be, required for approval of such action at a meeting of the Trustees or of such committee consent to the action in writing and the written consents are filed with the
records of the meetings of Trustees. Such consent shall be treated for all purposes as a vote taken at a meeting of Trustees. 

Section 4.14. Officers. The Trustees may elect a Chief Executive Officer and/or President, a Secretary, a Treasurer and/or Chief
Financial Officer, a Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Investment Officer, and a Chairperson who shall serve at the pleasure of the Trustees or until their successors are elected. The Trustees may elect or appoint or may authorize the Chairperson, if
any, or Chief Executive Officer to appoint such other officers or agents with such powers as the Trustees may deem to be advisable. A Chairperson shall, and the Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and Chief Financial Officer may, but need not, be a
Trustee. All officers shall owe to the Company and its Shareholders the same fiduciary duties (and only such fiduciary duties) as owed by officers of corporations to such corporations and their stockholders under the DGCL. 

Section 4.15. Principal Transactions. Subject to Sections 10.1 and 10.2, except to the extent prohibited by applicable law and
Sections V.A, V.B and V.C of the Omnibus Guidelines (where Program in each such section of the Omnibus Guidelines shall be the Company), the Trustees may, on behalf of the Company, buy any securities from or sell any securities to, or
lend any assets of the Company to, any Trustee or officer of the Company or any firm of which any such Trustee or officer is a member acting as principal, or have any such dealings with any Affiliate of the Company, investment adviser, investment sub-adviser, distributor or transfer agent for the Company or with any Interested Person of such Affiliate or other person; and the Company may employ any such Affiliate or other person, or firm or company in which
such Affiliate or other person is an Interested Person, as broker, legal counsel, registrar, investment advisor, investment sub-advisor, distributor, transfer agent, dividend disbursing agent, custodian or in
any other capacity upon customary terms. 

14 

Section 4.16. Subsidiaries. Without approval or vote by Shareholders, the
Trustees may cause to be organized or assist in organizing one or more corporations, trusts, partnerships, associations or other organizations to take over all of the Companys property or to carry on any business in which the Company shall
directly or indirectly have any interest and to sell, convey, and transfer all or a portion of the Companys property to any such corporation, trust, limited liability company, association or organization in exchange for the shares or
securities thereof, or otherwise, and to lend money to, subscribe for the shares or securities of and enter into any contracts with any such corporation, trust, limited liability company, partnership, association or organization, or any corporation,
partnership, trust, limited liability company, association or organization in which the Company holds or is about to acquire shares or any other interests. 

Section 4.17. Delegation. The Trustees shall have the power to delegate from time to time to such of their number or to officers,
employees or agents of the Company the doing of such things, including any matters set forth in this Declaration of Trust, and the execution of such instruments either in the name of the Company or the names of the Trustees or otherwise as the
Trustees may deem expedient. The Trustees may designate one or more committees which shall have all or such lesser portion of the authority of the entire Board of Trustees as the Trustees shall determine from time to time except to the extent action
by the entire Board of Trustees or particular Trustees is required by the 1940 Act. 

ARTICLE V 

SHARES 

Section 5.1.
Authorized Shares. The beneficial interest in the Company shall at all times be divided into an unlimited number of Shares. The Shares of the Company shall initially consist of Common Shares, with such par value as may be authorized from time
to time by the Trustees in their sole discretion without Shareholder approval. All Common Shares shall be fully paid and nonassessable when issued. Mandatory Assessments of Common Shares shall be prohibited and the Company shall not make any
mandatory Assessment against any Shareholder beyond such Shareholders subscription commitment. Any different classes or series shall be established and designated, and the variations in the relative rights and preferences as between the
different classes shall be fixed and determined, by the Trustees without Shareholder approval. The Trustees may create a class of preferred shares (the Preferred Shares) which may be divided into one or more series of Preferred Shares
and with such par value as may be authorized from time to time by the Trustees in their sole discretion without Shareholder approval. The Company is authorized to offer and issue an unlimited number of Common Shares and an unlimited number of
Preferred Shares. 

15 

Section 5.2. Authorization by Board of Share Issuance. The Board of Trustees may
authorize the issuance from time to time of Shares of the Company of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, or securities or rights convertible into Shares of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, for such
consideration as the Board may deem advisable (or without consideration in the case of a split of Shares or dividend), subject to such restrictions or limitations, if any, as may be set forth in this Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws. 

Section 5.3. Classification or Reclassification by the Board. As contemplated by Section 5.1, the variations in the relative
rights and preferences as between any classes of Common Shares and any potential Preferred Shares shall be fixed and determined by the Trustees; provided, that all Common Shares or Preferred Shares of the Company or of any series shall be identical
to all other Common Shares or Preferred Shares of the Company or of the same series, as the case may be, except that, to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act, there may be variations between different classes as to allocation of expenses, rights of
redemption, special and relative rights and preferences as to dividends and distributions and on liquidation, conversion rights, and conditions under which the several classes shall have separate voting rights. All of the outstanding Common Shares
as of the date hereof issued to the sole initial shareholder shall be classified as Class I Shares with such terms as set forth in the initial prospectus of the Company, as thereafter subsequently modified from time to time. Any class of
Preferred Shares shall have such rights and preferences and priorities over the Common Shares as may be established by the terms thereof; provided that the Company may not issue any Preferred Shares that would limit or subordinate the voting rights
of holders of Common Shares as set forth in the Omnibus Guidelines, as applicable, unless required by the 1940 Act. 

The following
provisions shall be applicable to any division of Shares of the Company into one or more classes or series: 

(a) All provisions herein
relating to the Shares, or any class or series of Shares of the Company, including common and preferred shares, shall apply equally to each class of Shares of the Company or of any series of the Company, except as the context requires otherwise.

(b) The number of Shares of each class that may be issued shall be unlimited. The Trustees may classify or reclassify any Shares or any
class of any Shares into one or more other classes that may be established and designated from time to time. The Company may purchase and hold Shares as treasury shares, reissue such treasury shares for such consideration and on such terms as the
Trustees may determine, or cancel any Shares of any class acquired by the Company at the Trustees discretion from time to time. 

(c)
Liabilities, expenses, costs, charges and reserves related to the distribution of, and other identified expenses that should properly be allocated to, the Shares of a particular class or series within the class may be charged to and borne solely by
such class or series, and the bearing of expenses solely by a class of shares or series may be appropriately reflected (in a manner determined by the Trustees) and cause differences in the net asset value attributable to, and the dividend,
redemption and liquidation rights of, the Shares of different classes or series. Each allocation of liabilities, expenses, costs, charges and reserves by the Trustees in their reasonable judgment shall be conclusive and binding upon the Shareholders
of all classes for all purposes. 

16 

(d) The establishment and designation of any class or series of Shares shall be effective
upon resolution by a majority of the Trustees, adopting a resolution which sets forth such establishment and designation and the relative rights and preferences of such class or series. Each such resolution shall be incorporated herein by reference
upon adoption. The Trustees may, by resolution of a majority of the Trustees, abolish any class or series and the establishment and designation thereof. To the extent the provisions set forth in such resolution conflict with the provisions of this
Declaration of Trust with respect to any such rights and privileges of the class or series of Shares, such resolutions shall control. 

Section 5.4. Dividends and Distributions. 

(a) Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Declaration of Trust, the holders of each class or series of Shares shall be entitled to
dividends and distributions in such amounts and at such times as may be determined by the Board, and the dividends and distributions paid with respect to the various classes or series of Shares may vary among such classes or series. Expenses related
to the distribution of, and other identified expenses that properly should be allocated to the Shares of, a particular class or series may be appropriately reflected (in a manner determined by the Board, in its discretion) and cause a difference in
the net asset value attributable to, and the dividend, redemption and liquidation rights of, the shares of each such class or series of Shares. The Company is permitted to have a distribution reinvestment plan, provided that the plan meets the
requirements under Section VI.H of the Omnibus Guidelines to the extent applicable. 

(b) The Trustees may always retain from the net
profits such amount as they may deem necessary to pay the debts or expenses of the Company or to meet obligations of the Company (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the payment of the Advisers fees), or as they otherwise may deem desirable
to use in the conduct of its affairs or to retain for future requirements or extensions of the business. Normally, such amount shall not be less than 1% of the offering proceeds of the Company. 

(c) From time to time and not less than quarterly, the Company shall review the Companys accounts to determine whether cash
distributions are appropriate. The Company may, subject to authorization by the Board of Trustees, distribute to the Shareholders funds received by the Company that the Board of Trustees deems unnecessary to retain in the Company. The Board may
authorize the Company to declare and pay to Shareholders such dividends or distributions, in cash or other assets of the Company or in Securities of the Company or from any other source, as the Board in its discretion shall determine. The Board
shall endeavor to authorize the Company to declare and pay such dividends and distributions: (i) as shall be necessary for the Company to qualify as a Regulated Investment Company under the Code and a business development company
under the 1940 Act, and (ii) to the extent that the Board deems it unnecessary for the Company to retain funds received by it; provided, however, that in each case Shareholders shall have no right to any dividend or distribution unless and
until authorized by the Board and declared by the Company. Distributions pursuant to this Section 5.4 may be among the Shareholders of record of the applicable class or series of Shares at the time of declaring a distribution or among the
Shareholders of record at such later date as the Trustees shall determine and specify. The exercise of the powers and rights of the Board 

17 

pursuant to this Section 5.4 shall be subject to the provisions of any class or series of shares at the time outstanding. The receipt by any Person in whose name any shares are registered on
the records of the Company or by his or her duly authorized agent shall be a sufficient discharge for all dividends or distributions payable or deliverable in respect of such shares and from all liability to see to the application thereof.
Distributions in kind shall not be permitted, except for distributions of readily marketable Securities, distributions of cash from a liquidating trust established for the dissolution of the Company and the liquidation of its assets in accordance
with the terms of this Declaration of Trust or distributions in which: (i) the Board advises each Shareholder of the risks associated with direct ownership of the property, (ii) the Board offers each Shareholder the election of receiving
such in-kind distributions, and (iii) in-kind distributions are made only to those Shareholders that accept such offer. 

(d) Inasmuch as the computation of net income and gains for Federal income tax purposes may vary from the computation thereof on the books,
the above provisions shall be interpreted to give the Trustees the power in their discretion to distribute for any fiscal year as ordinary dividends and as capital gains distributions, respectively, additional amounts sufficient to enable the
Company to avoid or reduce liability for taxes. 

(e) If a declaration of dividends or distributions is made pursuant to this Section then
(i) at any time prior to the related payment date, the Board may, in its sole discretion, rescind such declaration or change each of the record date and payment date to a later date or dates (in each case for a period of not greater than 180
days after each of the record date and payment date theretofore in effect and provided the payment date as so changed is not more than 60 days after the record date as so changed). 

(f) In no event, however, shall funds be advanced or borrowed for purpose of distributions, if the amount of such distributions would exceed
the Companys accrued and received revenues for the previous four quarters, less paid and accrued operating costs with respect to such revenues and costs shall be made in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently
applied. Cash distributions from the Company to the Sponsor shall only be made in conjunction with distributions to Shareholders and only out of funds properly allocated to the Sponsors account. 

Section 5.5. Proportionate Rights. All shares of each particular class shall represent an equal proportionate interest in the
assets attributable to the class (subject to the liabilities of that class), and each share of any particular class shall be equal to each other share of that class. The Board of Trustees may, from time to time, divide or combine the shares of any
particular class into a greater or lesser number of shares of that class without thereby changing the proportionate interest in the assets attributable to that class or in any way affecting the rights of holders of shares of any other class. 

Section 5.6. Distributions in Liquidation. Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Declaration of Trust, in the event of any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of all classes of Shares of the Company shall be entitled, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Company
(as such liability may affect one or more of the classes and series of Shares of the Company), to share ratably in the remaining net assets of the Company. 

18 

Section 5.7. Deferred Payments. The Company shall not have authority to make
arrangements for deferred payments on account of the purchase price of shares of the Companys Shares unless all of the following conditions are met: (a) such arrangements are warranted by the Companys investment objectives;
(b) the period of deferred payments coincides with the anticipated cash needs of the Company; (c) the deferred payments shall be evidenced by a promissory note of the Shareholder, which note shall be with recourse, shall not be negotiable,
shall be assignable only subject to defenses of the maker and shall not contain a provision authorizing a confession of judgment; and (d) selling commissions and Front End Fees paid upon deferred payments are payable when payment is made on the
note. The Company shall not sell or assign the deferred obligation notes at a discount. In the event of default in the payment of deferred payments by a Shareholder, the Shareholder may be subjected to a reasonable penalty. 

Section 5.8. Fractional Shares. The Company shall have authority to issue fractional shares. Any fractional Shares shall carry
proportionately all of the rights of a whole share, including, without limitation, the right to vote and the right to receive dividends and other distributions. 

Section 5.9. Declaration of Trust and Bylaws. All persons who shall acquire Shares in the Company shall acquire the same subject
to the provisions of this Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws. 

Section 5.10. Redemptions. Holders of Shares of the Company
shall not be entitled to require the Company to repurchase or redeem Shares of the Company. 

Section 5.11. Disclosure of
Holding. The holders of Shares or other securities of the Company shall upon demand disclose to the Trustees in writing such information with respect to direct and indirect ownership of Shares or other securities of the Company as the Trustees
deem necessary to comply with the provisions of the Code, the 1940 Act or other applicable laws or regulations, or to comply with the requirements of any other taxing or regulatory authority. 

Section 5.12. Repurchase of Shares. The Trustees shall have the power to issue, sell, repurchase, redeem, retire, cancel, acquire,
hold, resell, reissue, dispose of, transfer, and otherwise deal in, Shares, including Shares in fractional denominations, and, to apply to any such repurchase, redemption, retirement, cancellation or acquisition of Shares any funds or property. The
Trustees may establish, from time to time, a program or programs by which the Company voluntarily repurchases Shares from the Shareholders; provided, however, that such repurchases do not impair the capital or operations of the Company. 

Section 5.13. Power to Modify Foregoing Procedures. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions of this Article V, the
Trustees may prescribe, in their absolute discretion except as may be required by the 1940 Act, such other bases and times for determining the per share asset value of the Companys Shares or net income, or the declaration and payment of
dividends and distributions as they may deem necessary or desirable for any reason, including to enable the Company to comply with any provision of the 1940 Act, federal securities laws, state securities laws, or any securities exchange or
association registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any order of exemption issued by the SEC, all as in effect now or hereafter amended or modified. 

19 

Section 5.14. ERISA Restrictions. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, if
and to the extent that any class of Shares do not constitute Publicly Offered Securities, in order to avoid the possibility that the underlying assets of the Company could be treated as plan assets of any shareholder that is a Benefit Plan Investor
pursuant to ERISA or the Plan Asset Regulations, the Company, at the direction of the Board of Trustees or any duly-authorized committee of the Board, or, if authorized by the Board, any officer of the Company or the Adviser on behalf of the
Company, shall have the power to (1) require any Person proposing to acquire Shares to furnish such information as may be necessary to determine whether such person is (i) a Benefit Plan Investor, or (ii) an ERISA Controlling Person,
(2) exclude any shareholder or potential shareholder from purchasing our Common Shares, (3) prohibit any repurchase of Shares to any Person, and (4) repurchase any or all outstanding Shares held by a Shareholder for such price and on
such other terms and conditions as may be determined by or at the direction of the Board. 

ARTICLE VI 

AMENDMENTS; CERTAIN EXTRAORDINARY ACTIONS 

Section 6.1. Amendments Generally. The Board of Trustees reserves the right, without any vote of Shareholders, from time to time
to make any amendment to this Declaration of Trust, now or hereafter authorized by law, including any amendment altering the terms or contract rights, as expressly set forth in this Declaration of Trust, of any outstanding Shares, provided, however,
that if any amendment or new addition to this Declaration of Trust adversely affects the rights of Shareholders, such amendment or addition must be approved by the holders of more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding Shares of the Company
entitled to vote thereon. All rights and powers conferred by this Declaration of Trust on Shareholders, Trustees and officers are granted subject to this reservation. 

Section 6.2. [Reserved]. 

Section 6.3. Approval of Certain Amendments to Bylaws. The Board of Trustees shall have the exclusive power to adopt, alter or
repeal any provision of the Bylaws and to make new Bylaws; provided, however, that if any amendment to the Bylaws adversely affects the voting rights of Shareholders, such amendment must be approved by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority
of the outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote on the matter (as majority is defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act). 

Section 6.4. Amendments in Connection with Omnibus Guidelines or State Securities Regulators. Notwithstanding any other provisions
of this Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws to the contrary, the Board of Trustees may, without the approval or vote of the Shareholders, amend or otherwise supplement this Declaration of Trust for the purpose of complying or conforming this
Declaration of Trust as necessary to satisfy any Omnibus Guidelines or the statutes, rules, regulations or requests of any state securities regulator, or as otherwise necessary for the Company to publicly offer Shares in any state as determined by
the Board of Trustees in good faith. 

20 

Section 6.5. Execution of Amendments. Upon obtaining such approvals required by
this Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws and without further action or execution by any other Person, including any Shareholder, (i) any amendment to this Declaration of Trust may be implemented and reflected in a writing executed solely by the
requisite members of the Board of Trustees, and (ii) the Shareholders shall be deemed a party to and bound by such amendment of this Declaration of Trust. 

ARTICLE VII 

LIMITATION
OF LIABILITY; INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCE OF EXPENSES 

Section 7.1. Limitation of Shareholder Liability. Shareholders
shall be entitled to the same limited liability extended to Shareholders of private Delaware for profit corporations formed under the DGCL. No Shareholder shall be liable for any debt, claim, demand, judgment or obligation of any kind of, against or
with respect to the Company by reason of being a Shareholder, nor shall any Shareholder be subject to any personal liability whatsoever, in tort, contract or otherwise, to any Person in connection with the Companys assets or the affairs of the
Company by reason of being a Shareholder. 

Section 7.2. Limitation of Trustee and Officer Liability. To the fullest extent
permitted by Delaware law, subject to any limitation set forth under the federal securities laws, state securities laws or in this Article VII, no Trustee or officer of the Company shall be liable to the Company or its Shareholders for money
damages. Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Section 7.2, nor the adoption or amendment of any other provision of this Declaration of Trust or Bylaws inconsistent with this Section 7.2, shall apply to or affect in any respect the
applicability of the preceding sentence with respect to any act or failure to act that occurred prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption. The Company may not incur the cost of that portion of liability insurance which insures the Sponsor for any
liability as to which the Sponsor is prohibited from being indemnified. 

Section 7.3. Indemnification. 

(a) Each Person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending or
completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative (hereinafter a proceeding), by reason of the fact: 

(i) that he or she is or was a Trustee, officer, employee, Sponsor, Controlling Person or agent of the Company, or 

21 

(ii) that he or she, being at the time a Trustee, officer, employee or agent of the Company,
is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, trustee, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan
(collectively, another enterprise or other enterprise), whether either in case (i) or in case (ii) the basis of such proceeding is alleged action or inaction (x) in an official capacity as a Trustee, officer,
employee, Controlling Person or agent of the Company, or as a director, trustee, officer, employee or agent of such other enterprise, or (y) in any other capacity related to the Company or such other enterprise while so serving as a director,
trustee, officer, employee or agent, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company to the fullest extent not prohibited by Delaware law and subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, from and against all liability, loss, judgments,
penalties, fines, settlements, and reasonable expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees and amounts paid in settlement and including costs of enforcement of enforcement of rights under this Section) (collectively, Liability
and Losses) actually incurred or suffered by such Person in connection therewith. The Persons indemnified hereunder are hereinafter referred to as Indemnitees. Such indemnification as to such alleged action or inaction shall
continue as to an Indemnitee who has after such alleged action or inaction ceased to be a Trustee, officer, employee, Controlling Person or agent of the Company, or director, officer, employee or agent of another enterprise; and shall inure to the
benefit of the Indemnitees heirs, executors and administrators. The right to indemnification conferred under this Article VII: (A) shall be a contract right; (B) shall not be affected adversely as to any Indemnitee by any amendment
or repeal of this Declaration of Trust with respect to any action or inaction occurring prior to such amendment or repeal; and (C) shall vest immediately upon election or appointment of such Indemnitee. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company shall not provide any indemnification of an Indemnitee pursuant to paragraph
(a) above, unless all of the following conditions are met: 

(i) The Indemnitee has determined, in good faith, that any course of
conduct of such Indemnitee giving rise to the Liability and Losses was in the best interests of the Company. 

(ii) The Indemnitee was
acting on behalf of or performing services for the Company. 

(iii) Such Liability and Losses were not the result of (1) bad faith,
negligence, reckless disregard of the duties, willful misfeasance or misconduct, in the case that the Indemnitee is the Sponsor or a Trustee (other than an Independent Trustee), officer, employee, Controlling Person or agent of the Company, or
(2) bad faith, gross negligence, reckless disregard of the duties, willful misfeasance or willful misconduct, in the case that the Indemnitee is an Independent Trustee. 

(iv) Such indemnification is recoverable only out of the net assets of the Company and not from the Shareholders. 

22 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company shall not provide any
indemnification of any Indemnitee (including any Person acting as broker-dealer) pursuant to paragraph (a) above, for any Liability and Losses arising from or out of an alleged violation of federal or state securities laws by such Indemnitee
unless one or more of the following conditions are met: (i) there has been a successful adjudication on the merits of each count involving alleged securities law violations as to the Indemnitee, (ii) such claims have been dismissed with
prejudice on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction as to the Indemnitee or (iii) a court of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of the claims against the Indemnitee and finds that indemnification of the settlement and the
related costs should be made, and the court considering the request for indemnification has been advised of the position of the SEC and of the published position of any state securities regulatory authority in which securities were offered or sold
as to indemnification for violations of securities laws. 

Section 7.4. Payment of Expenses. The Company shall pay or reimburse
reasonable legal expenses and other costs incurred by an Indemnitee (including a Sponsor or any Affiliate of a Sponsor) in advance of final disposition of a proceeding if all of the following are satisfied: (i) the proceeding relates to acts or
omissions with respect to the performance of duties or services on behalf of the Company, (ii) the Indemnitee provides the Company with written affirmation of the Indemnitees good faith belief that the Indemnitee has met the standard of
conduct necessary for indemnification by the Company as authorized by Section 7.3 hereof, (iii) the legal proceeding was initiated by a third party who is not a Shareholder or, if by a Shareholder of the Company acting in his or her
capacity as such, a court of competent jurisdiction approves such advancement, and (iv) the Indemnitee provides the Company with a written agreement to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the Company, together with the applicable legal rate
of interest thereon, if it is ultimately determined by final, non-appealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction, that the Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification. 

Section 7.5. Limitations to Indemnification. The provisions of this Article VII shall be subject to the limitations of the 1940
Act. 

Section 7.6. Express Exculpatory Clauses in Instruments. Neither the Shareholders nor the Trustees, officers, employees
or agents of the Company shall be liable under any written instrument creating an obligation of the Company by reason of their being Shareholders, Trustees, officers, employees or agents of the Company, and all Persons shall look solely to the
Companys net assets for the payment of any claim under or for the performance of that instrument. The omission of the foregoing exculpatory language from any instrument shall not affect the validity or enforceability of such instrument and
shall not render any Shareholder, Trustee, officer, employee or agent liable thereunder to any third party, nor shall the Trustees or any officer, employee or agent of the Company be liable to anyone as a result of such omission. 

Section 7.7. Non-exclusivity. Subject to Section 7.3, the indemnification and
advancement of expenses provided or authorized by this Article VII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights, by indemnification or otherwise, to which any Indemnitee may be entitled under the Bylaws, a resolution of Shareholders or
Trustees, an agreement or otherwise. 

Section 7.8. No Bond Required of Trustees. No Trustee shall, as such, be obligated to
give any bond or other security for the performance of any of his duties hereunder. 

23 

Section 7.9. No Duty of Investigation; No Notice in Trust Instruments, etc. No
purchaser, lender, transfer agent or other person dealing with the Trustees or with any officer, employee or agent of the Company shall be bound to make any inquiry concerning the validity of any transaction purporting to be made by the Trustees or
by said officer, employee or agent or be liable for the application of money or property paid, loaned, or delivered to or on the order of the Trustees or of said officer, employee or agent. Every obligation, contract, undertaking, instrument,
certificate, Share, other security of the Company, and every other act or thing whatsoever executed in connection with the Company shall be conclusively taken to have been executed or done by the executors thereof only in their capacity as Trustees
under this Declaration of Trust or in their capacity as officers, employees or agents of the Company. The Trustees may maintain insurance for the protection of the Companys property, the Shareholders, Trustees, officers, employees and agents
in such amount as the Trustees shall deem adequate to cover possible tort liability, and such other insurance as the Trustees in their sole judgment shall deem advisable or is required by the 1940 Act. 

Section 7.10. Reliance on Experts, etc. Each Trustee and officer or employee of the Company shall, in the performance of its
duties, be fully and completely justified and protected with regard to any act or any failure to act resulting from reliance in good faith upon the books of account or other records of the Company, upon an opinion of counsel, or upon reports made to
the Company by any of the Companys officers or employees or by any advisor, administrator, manager, distributor, selected dealer, accountant, appraiser or other expert or consultant selected with reasonable care by the Trustees, officers or
employees of the Company, regardless of whether such counsel or expert may also be a Trustee. 

ARTICLE VIII 

ADVISER, ADMINISTRATOR AND CUSTODIAN; DISTRIBUTION ARRANGEMENTS 

Section 8.1. Supervision of Adviser and Administrator. 

(a) Subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, the Board of Trustees may exercise broad discretion in allowing the Adviser and, if
applicable, an Administrator, to administer and regulate the operations of the Company, to act as agent for the Company, to execute documents on behalf of the Company and to make executive decisions that conform to general policies and principles
established by the Board. The Board shall monitor the Adviser, or if any, the Administrator, to assure that the administrative procedures, operations and programs of the Company are in the best interests of the Shareholders and are fulfilled and
that (i) the expenses incurred are reasonable in light of the investment performance of the Company, its net assets and its net income, (ii) all Front End Fees shall be reasonable and shall not exceed eighteen percent (18%) of the gross
proceeds of any offering, regardless of the source of payment, and (iii) the percentage of gross proceeds of any offering committed to investment shall be at least eighty- two percent (82%). All items of compensation to underwriters or dealers,
including, but not limited to, selling commissions, expenses, rights of first refusal, consulting fees, finders fees and all other items of compensation of any kind or description paid by the Company, directly or indirectly, shall be taken
into consideration in computing the amount of allowable Front End Fees. 

24 

(b) The Board of Trustees is responsible for determining that compensation paid to the
Adviser is reasonable in relation to the nature and quality of services performed and the investment performance of the Company and that the provisions of the Advisory Agreement are being carried out. The Board may consider all factors that they
deem relevant in making these determinations. So long as the Company is a business development company under the 1940 Act, compensation to the Adviser shall be considered presumptively reasonable if the incentive fee is limited to the participation
in net gains allowed by the Advisers Act. 

Section 8.2. Fiduciary Obligations of Adviser. The Advisory Agreement shall provide
that the Adviser has a fiduciary responsibility for the safekeeping and use of all funds and assets of the Company, whether or not in the Sponsors immediate possession or control, and that the Adviser shall not employ, or permit another to
employ, such funds or assets in any manner except for the exclusive benefit of the Company. The Company shall not permit any Shareholder to contract away any fiduciary obligation owed by the Adviser under common law. 

Section 8.3. Experience of Adviser. The Board of Trustees shall determine the sufficiency and adequacy of the relevant experience
and qualifications for the officers of the Company given the business objective of the Company in accordance with the requirements of Section II.A of the Omnibus Guidelines. The Board shall determine whether any Adviser possesses sufficient
qualifications to perform the advisory function for the Company and whether the compensation provided for in its contract with the Company is justified in accordance with the requirements of Section II.A of the Omnibus Guidelines. The Adviser meets
the financial conditions of Section II.B of the Omnibus Guidelines. 

Section 8.4. Termination of Advisory Agreement. The
Advisory Agreement shall provide that it is terminable (a) by the Company upon sixty (60) days written notice to the Adviser: (i) upon the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the
Company entitled to vote on the matter (as majority is defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act) or (ii) by the vote of the Independent Trustees; or (b) by the Adviser upon not less than one hundred twenty
(120) days written notice to the Company, in each case without cause or penalty. In the event of termination, the Adviser will cooperate with the Company and the Board in making an orderly transition of the advisory function. In addition,
if the Company elects to continue its operations following termination of the Advisory Agreement by the Adviser, the Adviser shall pay all expenses incurred as a result of its withdrawal. Upon termination of the Advisory Agreement, the Company shall
pay the Adviser all amounts then accrued but unpaid to the Adviser. The method of payment must be fair and protect the solvency and liquidity of the Company, in accordance with, as applicable, Section II.E.3 of the Omnibus Guidelines. 

Section 8.5. Organization and Offering Expenses Limitation. Unless otherwise provided in any resolution adopted by the Board of
Trustees, the Company shall reimburse the Adviser and its Affiliates for Organization and Offering Expenses incurred by the Adviser or its Affiliates; provided, however, that the total amount of all Organization and Offering Expenses shall be
reasonable, as determined by the Board, and shall be included in Front End Fees for purposes of the limit on such Front End Fees set forth in Section 8.1. 

25 

Section 8.6. Acquisition Fees. The Company may pay the Adviser and/or its
Affiliates fees for the review and evaluation of potential investments; provided, however, that the Board of Trustees shall conclude that the total of all Acquisition Fees and Acquisition Expenses shall be reasonable. 

Section 8.7. Reimbursement of Adviser. The Company shall not reimburse the Adviser or its Affiliates for services for which the
Adviser or its Affiliates are entitled to compensation in the form of a separate fee. Excluded from the allowable reimbursement shall be: (a) rent or depreciation, utilities, capital equipment, other administrative items of the Adviser; and
(b) salaries, fringe benefits, travel expenses and other administrative items incurred or allocated to any Controlling Person of the Adviser. 

Section 8.8. Reimbursement of Administrator. In the event the Company executes an agreement for the provision of administrative
services, the Company may reimburse the Administrator, at the end of each fiscal quarter, for all expenses of the Company incurred by the Administrator as well as the actual cost of goods and services used for or by the Company and obtained from
entities not Affiliated with the Company. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Declaration of Trust, the Administrator may be reimbursed for the administrative service necessary for the prudent operation of the Company performed by it on
behalf of the Company; provided, however, the reimbursement shall be an amount equal to the lower of the Administrators actual cost or the amount the Company would be required to pay third parties for the provision of comparable administrative
services in the same geographic location; and provided, further, that such costs are reasonably allocated to the Company on the basis of assets, revenues, time records or other method conforming with generally accepted accounting principles. Except
as otherwise provided herein, no reimbursement shall be permitted for services for which the Administrator is entitled to compensation by way of a separate fee. Excluded from the allowable reimbursement shall be: (a) rent or depreciation,
utilities, capital equipment, and other administrative items of the Sponsor; and (b) salaries, fringe benefits, travel expenses and other administrative items incurred or allocated to any Controlling Person of the Sponsor. 

Section 8.9. Custodians. 

(a) The Trustees may employ a custodian or custodians meeting the qualifications for custodians for portfolio securities of investment
companies contained in the 1940 Act, as custodian with respect to the assets of the Company. Any custodian shall have authority as agent of the Company as determined by the custodian agreement or agreements, but subject to such restrictions,
limitations and other requirements, if any, as may be contained in the Bylaws of the Company and the 1940 Act, including without limitation authority: 

(i) to hold the securities owned by the Company and deliver the same upon written order; 

26 

(ii) to receive any receipt for any moneys due to the Company and deposit the same in its
own banking department (if a bank) or elsewhere as the Trustees may direct; 

(iii) to disburse such funds upon orders or vouchers; 

(iv) if authorized by the Trustees, to keep the books and accounts of the Company and furnish clerical and accounting services; and 

(v) if authorized to do so by the Trustees, to compute the net income or net asset value of the Company; all upon such basis of compensation
as may be agreed upon between the Trustees and the custodian. 

The Trustees may also authorize each custodian to employ one or more sub-custodians from time to time to perform such of the acts and services of the custodian and upon such terms and conditions, as may be agreed upon between the custodian and such
sub-custodian and approved by the Trustees, provided that in every case such sub- custodian shall meet the qualifications for custodians contained in the 1940 Act. 

(b) Subject to such rules, regulations and orders as the SEC may adopt, the Trustees may direct the custodian to deposit all or any part of
the securities owned by the Company in a system for the central handling of securities established by a national securities exchange or a national securities association registered with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
or such other Person as may be permitted by the SEC, or otherwise in accordance with the 1940 Act, pursuant to which system all securities of any particular class of any issuer deposited within the system are treated as fungible and may be
transferred or pledged by bookkeeping entry without physical delivery of such securities, provided that all such deposits shall be subject to withdrawal only upon the order of the Company. 

Section 8.10. Distribution Arrangements. Subject to compliance with the 1940 Act, the Trustees may retain underwriters,
distributors and/or placement agents to sell Shares and other securities of the Company; provided however, that in the event the Company adopts a distribution and/or shareholder servicing plan adopted pursuant to Rule
12b-1 under the 1940 Act (the Distribution and/or Shareholder Servicing Plan), any payments made by the Company for activities primarily intended to result in the sale of Shares will be paid
pursuant to the Distribution and/or Shareholder Servicing Plan. The Trustees may in their discretion from time to time enter into one or more contracts, providing for the sale of securities of the Company, whereby the Company may either agree to
sell such securities to the other party to the contract or appoint such other party its sales agent for such securities. In either case, the contract shall be on such terms and conditions as the Trustees may in their discretion determine not
inconsistent with the provisions of this Article VIII, the Bylaws or, as applicable, the Omnibus Guidelines; and such contract may also provide for the repurchase or sale of securities of the Company by such other party as principal or as agent of
the Company and may provide that such other party may enter into selected dealer agreements and servicing and similar agreements to further the purposes of the distribution or repurchase of the securities of the Company. 

27 

ARTICLE IX 

INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES AND LIMITATIONS 

Section 9.1. Investment Objective. The Companys investment objective is to generate current income and, to a lesser extent,
long-term capital appreciation. The Trustees shall have power with respect to the Company to manage, conduct, operate and carry on the business of a business development company. The Independent Trustees shall review the investment policies of the
Company with sufficient frequency (not less often than annually) to determine that the policies being followed by the Company are in the best interests of its Shareholders. Each such determination and the basis therefor shall be set forth in the
minutes of the meetings of the Board of Trustees. 

Section 9.2. Investments, Generally. All transactions entered into by the
Company shall be consistent with the investment permissions and limitations as established for business development companies under the 1940 Act, including any applicable exemptive orders that have been or may be issued in the future by the SEC.

Section 9.3. Investments in Programs. For purposes of this Section, Program shall be defined as a limited or
general partnership, joint venture, unincorporated association or similar organization, other than a corporation, formed and operated for the primary purpose of investment in and the operation of or gain from and interest in the assets to be
acquired by such entity. A Program shall not include (and nothing in this Declaration of Trust shall prevent) investments by the Company directly in a master fund in a master/feeder fund structure permissible under the 1940 Act. A Program shall not
include an Eligible Portfolio Company as defined by the 1940 Act. 

(a) The Company shall not invest in Programs with non-Affiliates that own and operate specific assets, unless the Company, alone or together with any publicly registered Affiliate of the Company meeting the requirements of subsection (b) below, acquires a
controlling interest in such a Program, but in no event shall the Adviser or any of its affiliates be entitled to duplicate fees; provided, however that the foregoing is not intended to prevent the Company from carrying out its business of investing
and reinvesting its assets in Securities of other issuers. For purposes of this Section, controlling interest means an equity interest possessing the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the Program,
including the authority to: (i) review all contracts entered into by the Program that will have a material effect on its business or assets; (ii) cause a sale or refinancing of the assets or its interest therein subject, in certain cases
where required by the Program agreement, to limits as to time, minimum amounts and/or a right of first refusal by the Program or consent of the Program; (iii) approve budgets and major capital expenditures, subject to a stated minimum amount;
(iv) veto any sale or refinancing of the assets, or alternatively, to receive a specified preference on sale or refinancing proceeds; and (v) exercise a right of first refusal on any desired sale or refinancing by the Program of its
interest in the assets, except for transfer to an Affiliate of the Program. 

28 

(b) The Company shall have the authority to invest in Programs with other publicly
registered Affiliates of the Company if all of the following conditions are met: (i) the Affiliate and the Company have substantially identical investment objectives; (ii) there are no duplicate fees to the Adviser or any of its
affiliates; (iii) the compensation payable by the Program to the Adviser in each Company that invests in such Program is substantially identical; (iv) each of the Company and the Affiliate has a right of first refusal to buy if the other
party wishes to sell assets held in the joint venture; (v) the investment of each of the Company and its Affiliate is on substantially the same terms and conditions; and (vi) any prospectus of the Company in use or proposed to be used when
such an investment has been made or is contemplated discloses the potential risk of impasse on joint venture decisions since neither the Company nor its Affiliate controls the Program, and the potential risk that while the Company or its Affiliate
may have the right to buy the assets from the Program, it may not have the resources to do so. 

(c) The Company shall have the authority
to invest in Programs with Affiliates other than publicly registered Affiliates of the Company only if all of the following conditions are met: (i) the investment is necessary to relieve the Adviser from any commitment to purchase the assets
entered into in compliance with Section 10.1 prior to the closing of the offering period of the Company; (ii) there are no duplicate fees to the Adviser or any of its affiliates; (iii) the investment of each entity is on substantially
the same terms and conditions; (iv) the Company has a right of first refusal to buy if the Adviser wishes to sell assets held in the joint venture; and (v) any prospectus of the Company in use or proposed to be used when such an investment
has been made or is contemplated discloses the potential risk of impasse on joint venture decisions. 

(d) The Company may be structured to
conduct operations through separate single-purpose entities managed by the Adviser (multi-tier arrangements); provided, that the terms of any such arrangements do not result in the circumvention of any of the requirements or prohibitions contained
herein or under applicable federal or state securities laws, including, as applicable, the Omnibus Guidelines. Any agreements regarding such arrangements shall accompany any prospectus of the Company, if such agreement is then available, and the
terms of such agreement shall contain provisions assuring that all of the following restrictions apply: (i) there will be no duplication or increase in Organization and Offering Expenses, fees payable to the Adviser, program expenses or other
fees and costs; (ii) there will be no substantive alteration in the fiduciary and contractual relationship between the Adviser, the Company and the Shareholders; and (iii) there will be no diminishment in the voting rights of the
Shareholders. 

(e) Other than as specifically permitted in subsections (b), (c) and (d) above, the Company shall not invest in
Programs with Affiliates. 

(f) The Company shall be permitted to invest in general partnership interests of limited partnership Programs
only if the Company, alone or together with any publicly registered Affiliate of the Company meeting the requirements of subsection (b) above, acquires a controlling interest as defined in subsection (a) above, the Adviser and
its affiliates are not entitled to any duplicate fees, no additional compensation beyond that permitted under applicable law is paid to the Adviser, and the limited partnership Program agreement or other applicable agreement complies with this
Section 9.3(f) and, as applicable, Section V of the Omnibus Guidelines. 

29 

Section 9.4. Other Goods or Services. 

(a) The Company may accept other goods or other services provided by the Adviser in connection with the operation of assets, provided that:
(i) the Adviser determines such self-dealing arrangement is in the best interest of the Company; (ii) the terms pursuant to which all such goods or services are provided to the Company by the Adviser shall be embodied in a written
contract, the material terms of which must be fully disclosed to the Shareholders in the Prospectus; (iii) the written contract may only be modified by vote of a majority of then outstanding Shares and (iv) the contract shall contain a
clause allowing termination without penalty on sixty (60) days prior notice. Without limitation to the foregoing, arrangements to provide such goods or other services must meet all of the following criteria: (X) the Adviser must be
independently engaged in the business of providing such goods or services to persons other than its Affiliates and at least thirty-three percent (33%) of the Advisers associated gross revenues must come from persons other than its Affiliates;
(Y) the compensation, price or fee charged for providing such goods or services must be comparable and competitive with the compensation, price or fee charged by persons other than the Adviser in the same geographic location who provide
comparable goods or services which could reasonably be made available to the Company; and (Z) except in extraordinary circumstances, the compensation and other material terms of the arrangement must be fully disclosed to the Shareholders in the
Prospectus. Extraordinary circumstances are limited to instances when immediate action is required and the goods or services are not immediately available from persons other than the Adviser. 

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing subsection (a)(X), if the Adviser is not engaged in the business to the extent required by such clause, the
Adviser may provide to the Company other goods or other services if all of the following additional conditions are met: (i) the Adviser can demonstrate the capacity and capability to provide such goods or services on a competitive basis;
(ii) the goods or services are provided at the lesser of cost or the competitive rate charged by persons other than the Adviser in the same geographic location who are in the business of providing comparable goods or services; (iii) the
cost is limited to the reasonable necessary and actual expenses incurred by the Adviser on behalf of the Company in providing such goods or services, exclusive of expenses of the type which may not be reimbursed under applicable federal or state
securities laws; and (iv) expenses are allocated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and are made subject to any special audit required by applicable federal and state securities laws, including, as applicable, the
Omnibus Guidelines. 

Section 9.5. Borrowing Money or Utilizing Leverage. The Trustees shall have the power to cause the
Company to borrow money or otherwise obtain credit or utilize leverage to the maximum extent permitted by law or regulation as such may be needed from time to time and to secure the same by mortgaging, pledging or otherwise subjecting as security
the assets of the Company, including the lending of portfolio securities, and to endorse, guarantee, or undertake the performance of any obligation, contract or engagement of any other person, firm, association or corporation. In addition and
notwithstanding any other provision of this Declaration of Trust, the Company is hereby authorized to borrow funds, incur indebtedness and guarantee obligations of any Person, and in connection therewith, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the
Trustees, on behalf of the Company, are hereby authorized to pledge, hypothecate, mortgage, assign, transfer or grant security interests in or other liens on (i) the Shareholders 

30 

subscription agreements and the Shareholders obligations to subscribe thereunder and hereunder, and (ii) any other assets, rights or remedies of the Company or of the Trustees
hereunder or under the subscription agreements, including without limitation, the right to exercise remedies upon a default by a Shareholder in the payment of its subscriptions and other payments, subject to the terms hereof and thereof.
Notwithstanding any provision in this Declaration of Trust, (i) the Company may borrow funds, incur indebtedness and enter into guarantees together with one or more Persons on a joint and several basis or on any other basis that the Board of
Trustees, in its sole discretion, determines is fair and reasonable to the Company, and (ii) in connection with any borrowing, indebtedness or guarantee by the Company, all subscriptions shall be payable to the account of the Company designated
by the Board of Trustees, which may be pledged to any lender or other credit party of the Company. All rights granted to a lender pursuant to this Section 9.5 shall apply to its agents and its successors and permitted assigns. 

ARTICLE X 

CONFLICTS OF
INTEREST 

Section 10.1. Sales and Leases to the Company. The Company and the Independent Trustees shall not purchase or
lease assets in which the Adviser or any Trustee or Affiliate thereof, or any Trustee, has an interest unless all of the following conditions are met: (a) the transaction occurs at the formation of the Company and is fully disclosed to the
Shareholders either in a prospectus or periodic report filed with the SEC or otherwise; and (b) the assets are sold or leased upon terms that are reasonable to the Company and at a price not to exceed the lesser of cost or fair market value as
determined by an Independent Expert. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 10.1, the Adviser may purchase assets in its own name (and assume loans in connection therewith) and temporarily hold title thereto, for the purposes
of facilitating the acquisition of the assets, the borrowing of money, obtaining financing for the Company, or the completion of construction of the assets, provided that all of the following conditions are met: (i) the assets are purchased by
the Company at a price no greater than the cost of the assets to the Adviser; (ii) all income generated by, and the expenses associated with, the assets so acquired shall be treated as belonging to the Company; and (iii) there are no other
benefits arising out of such transaction to the Adviser. 

Section 10.2. Sales and Leases to the Adviser, Trustees or
Affiliates. The Company shall not sell assets to the Adviser or any Affiliate thereof unless such sale is duly approved by the holders of more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding voting securities of the Company. The Company shall not
lease assets to the Adviser or any Trustee or Affiliate thereof unless all of the following conditions are met: (i) the transaction occurs at the formation of the Company and is fully disclosed to the Shareholders either in a prospectus or
periodic report filed with the SEC or otherwise; and (ii) the terms of the transaction are fair and reasonable to the Company. 

Section 10.3. Loans. Except for the advancement of funds pursuant to Sections 7.3 and 7.4, no loans, credit facilities, credit
agreements or otherwise shall be made by the Company to the Adviser or any Affiliate thereof. 

31 

Section 10.4. Commissions on Financing, Refinancing or Reinvestment. The Company
shall not pay, directly or indirectly, a commission or fee to the Adviser or any Affiliate thereof (except as otherwise specified in this Article X) in connection with the reinvestment of Cash Available for Distribution and available reserves or of
the proceeds of the resale, exchange or refinancing of assets. 

Section 10.5. Rebates, Kickbacks and Reciprocal Arrangements.
The Company shall cause the Adviser to agree that it shall not receive or accept any rebate or give-ups or similar arrangement that is prohibited under applicable federal or state securities laws, including
the Omnibus Guidelines. The Company shall cause the Adviser to agree that it shall not participate in any reciprocal business arrangement that would circumvent provisions of applicable federal or state securities laws governing conflicts of interest
or investment restrictions, or enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding that would circumvent the restrictions against dealing with affiliates or promoters under applicable federal or state securities laws, or that would circumvent the
restrictions of the Omnibus Guidelines, as applicable. The Company shall cause the Adviser to agree that it shall not directly or indirectly pay or award any fees or commissions or other compensation to any Person engaged to sell Shares or give
investment advice to a potential Shareholder; provided, however, that this Section 10.5 shall not prohibit the payment to a registered broker-dealer or other properly licensed agent of normal sales commissions or other normal compensation
(including cash compensation and non-cash compensation (as such terms are defined under FINRA Rule 2310)) for selling or distributing Shares, including out of the Advisers own assets, including those
amounts paid to the Adviser under the Advisory Agreement. 

Section 10.6. Except as expressly contemplated by Section 4.10, the
Company may not acquire assets in exchange for Shares of the Company. 

Section 10.7. Other Transactions. Unless otherwise
permitted by the 1940 Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC, the Company shall not engage in any other transaction with the Adviser or a Trustee or Affiliate thereof unless: (a) such transaction complies with all applicable
law and (b) a majority of the Trustees (including a majority of the Independent Trustees) not otherwise interested in such transaction approve such transaction as fair and reasonable to the Company and on terms and conditions not less favorable
to the Company than those available from non-Affiliated third parties. 

Section 10.8.
Lending Practices. On financings made available to the Company by the Adviser, the Adviser may not receive interest in excess of the lesser of the Advisers cost of funds or the amounts that would be charged by unrelated lending
institutions on comparable loans for the same purpose. The Adviser shall not impose a prepayment charge or penalty in connection with such financings and the Adviser shall not receive points or other financing charges. The Adviser shall be
prohibited from providing permanent financing for the Company. For purposes of this Section 10.8, permanent financing shall mean any financing with a term in excess of twelve months. 

32 

Section 10.9. Commingling. The funds of the Company shall not be commingled with
the funds of any other person and the Company funds will be protected from the claims of affiliated companies and creditors of affiliated companies. 

ARTICLE XI 

SHAREHOLDERS

Section 11.1. Certain Voting Rights of Shareholders. 

(a) Subject to the mandatory provisions of any applicable laws or regulations, the following actions may be taken by the Shareholders, without
concurrence by the Board of Trustees, upon a vote by the holders of more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding Shares of the Company entitled to vote on the matters: 

(i) modify this Declaration of Trust in accordance with Article VI hereof; 

(ii) remove the Adviser and appoint a new Adviser pursuant to the procedures in Section 8.4; or 

(iii) sell all or substantially all of the Companys assets other than in the ordinary course of the Companys business. 

(b) Without the approval of Shareholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, and such other
approval as may be required under the mandatory provisions of any applicable laws or regulations, the Company shall not permit the Adviser or the Board of Trustees, as applicable, to: 

(i) modify this Declaration of Trust except for amendments which do not adversely affect the rights of Shareholders; 

(ii) appoint a new Adviser; 

(iii) sell all or substantially all of the Companys assets other than in the ordinary course of the Companys business; 

(iv) cause the merger or other reorganization of the Company; or 

(v) voluntarily withdraw as the Adviser unless such withdrawal would not affect the tax status of the Company and would not materially
adversely affect the Shareholders. 

Section 11.2. Voting Limitations on Shares Held by the Adviser and Affiliates. With
respect to Shares owned by the Adviser or any of its Affiliates, neither the Adviser nor any of its Affiliates may vote or consent on matters submitted to the Shareholders regarding the removal of the Adviser or any of its Affiliates or any
transaction between the Company and any of them. In determining the requisite percentage in interest of Shares necessary to approve a matter on which the Adviser and any of its Affiliates may not vote or consent, any Shares owned by any of them
shall not be included. 

33 

Section 11.3. Right of Inspection. 

(a) Any Shareholder with any purpose reasonably related to the beneficial owners interest as a beneficial owner of the statutory trust
(a proper purpose) may: (i) in person or by agent, on written request, inspect and copy at all reasonable times the books and records and ledger of the Company; (ii) present to any officer or resident agent of the Company a
written request for a statement of its affairs; and (iii) in the event the Company does not maintain the original or a duplicate ledger at its principal office, present to any officer or resident agent of the Company a written request for the
Shareholder List. As used in this Section 11.3, the term Shareholder List means an alphabetical list of names, addresses and business telephone numbers of the Shareholders of the Company along with the number of equity shares held
by each of them. 

(b) A copy of the Shareholder List, requested in accordance with this Section, shall be mailed within ten (10) days
of the request and shall be printed in alphabetical order, on white paper, and in readily readable type size (no smaller than 10 point font). The Shareholder List shall be updated at least quarterly to reflect changes in the information contained
therein. 

(c) The Company may impose a reasonable charge for expenses incurred in reproduction pursuant to the Shareholder request. A
holder of Common Shares may request a copy of the Shareholder List in connection with matters relating to Shareholders voting rights, the exercise of Shareholder rights under federal proxy laws or for any other proper and legitimate purpose.
Each Shareholder who receives a copy of the Shareholder List shall keep such list confidential and shall sign a confidentiality agreement to the effect that such Shareholder will keep the Shareholder List confidential and share such list only with
its employees, representatives or agents who agree in writing to maintain the confidentiality of the Shareholder List. 

(d) If the Adviser
or Trustees neglect or refuse to exhibit, produce or mail a copy of the Shareholder List as requested, the Company shall be liable to any Shareholder requesting the list for the costs, including attorneys fees, incurred by that Shareholder for
compelling the production of the Shareholder List, and for actual damages suffered by any Shareholder by reason of such refusal or neglect. It shall be a defense that the actual purpose and reason for the requests for inspection or for a copy of the
Shareholder List is to secure such list of Shareholders or other information for the purpose of selling such list or copies thereof, or of using the same for a commercial purpose other than in the interest of the applicant as a Shareholder relative
to the affairs of the Company. The Company may require the Shareholder requesting the Shareholder List to represent that the list is not requested for a commercial purpose unrelated to the Shareholders interest in the Company. The remedies
provided hereunder to Shareholders requesting copies of the Shareholder List are in addition, to and shall not in any way limit, other remedies available to Shareholders under federal law, or the laws of any state. 

34 

Section 11.4. Shareholder Reports. 

(a) The Trustees, including the Independent Trustees, shall take reasonable steps to insure that the Company shall cause to be prepared and
delivered or made available by any reasonable means, including an electronic medium, to each Shareholder as of a record date after the end of the fiscal year within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of the fiscal year to which it
relates an annual report for each fiscal year ending after the commencement of the Companys initial public offering that shall include: (i) financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP that are audited and reported on by
independent certified public accountants; (ii) a report of the activities of the Company during the period covered by the report; and (iii) where forecasts have been provided to the Shareholders, a table comparing the forecasts previously
provided with the actual results during the period covered by the report; and (iv) a report setting forth distributions to Shareholders for the period covered thereby and separately identifying distributions from: (A) Cash Flow from
operations during the period; (B) Cash Flow from operations during a prior period which have been held as reserves; (C) proceeds from disposition of assets of the Company; and (D) reserves from the gross proceeds of the offering
originally obtained from the Shareholders. Such annual report must also contain a breakdown of the costs reimbursed to the Adviser. 

(b)
The Trustees, including the Independent Trustees, shall take reasonable steps to ensure that the Company shall cause to be prepared and filed, as well as delivered or made available to Shareholders, within sixty (60) days after the end of each
fiscal quarter of the Company, a Form 10-Q if required under the Exchange Act. 

(c) The Trustees,
including the Independent Trustees, shall take reasonable steps to ensure that the Company shall cause to be prepared and delivered or made available within seventy-five (75) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company to each Person
who was at any time during such fiscal year a Shareholder all information necessary for the preparation of the Shareholders federal income tax returns. 

(d) If capital stock has been purchased on a deferred payment basis, on which there remains an unpaid balance during any period covered by any
report required by subsections (a) and (b) above; then such report shall contain a detailed statement of the status of all deferred payments, actions taken by the Company in response to any defaults, and a discussion and analysis of the impact
on capital requirements of the Company. 

(e) The Board of Trustees shall cause the Company, upon request from any state official or agency
or official administering the securities laws of such state (a State Administrator), to submit to such State Administrator the reports and statements required to be distributed to Shareholders pursuant to this Section 11.4. 

Section 11.5. Suitability of Shareholders. 

(a) Investor Suitability Standards. During any public offering of its Shares and until the earlier of a Liquidity Event or the date the
Company is no longer subject to the Omnibus Guidelines, the Company and those selling shares on its behalf shall, with respect to share offers and sales in which they are broker of record, make every reasonable effort to determine that the Shares
are a suitable and appropriate investment and to assure that such shares are offered and sold pursuant only to prospective investors who, in each case, meet the income and Net Worth Suitability Standards as specified in the
Companys prospectus for the Shares (as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time) and, as applicable, the Omnibus Guidelines. 

35 

(b) The Sponsor or each Person selling Common Shares on behalf of the Company shall make
this determination on the basis of information it has obtained from a prospective Shareholder. Relevant information for this purpose will include at least the age, investment objectives, investment experience, income, net worth, financial situation
and other investments of the prospective Shareholder, as well as any other pertinent factors. 

(c) The Sponsor or each Person selling
Common Shares on behalf of the Company shall maintain records of the information used to determine that an investment in Common Shares is suitable and appropriate for a Shareholder. The Sponsor or each Person selling Common Shares on behalf of the
Company shall maintain these records for at least six years. 

Section 11.6. Other Agreements. Consistent with applicable law
(including the 1940 Act), the Company, the Adviser and/or Affiliates of the Adviser may negotiate agreements (Side Letters) with certain Shareholders that will result in different investment terms than the terms applicable to other
Shareholders and that may have the effect of establishing rights under, or altering or supplementing the terms of, this Declaration of Trust or disclosure contained in any offering document of the Shares. As a result of such Side Letters, certain
Shareholders may receive additional benefits which other Shareholders will not receive. Unless agreed otherwise in the Side Letter, in general, the Company, the Adviser and affiliates of the Adviser will not be required to notify any or all of the
other Shareholders of any such Side Letters or any of the rights and/or terms or provisions thereof, nor will the Company, the Adviser or affiliates of the Adviser be required to offer such additional and/or different rights and/or terms to any or
all of the other Shareholders. The Company, the Adviser and/or affiliates of the Adviser may enter into such Side Letters with any Shareholder as each may determine in its sole discretion at any time. The other Shareholders will have no recourse
against the Company, the Trustees, the Adviser and/or any of their affiliates in the event certain investors receive additional and/or different rights and/or terms as a result of Side Letters. Any such exceptions or departures contained in any Side
Letter with a Shareholder shall govern with respect to such Shareholder notwithstanding the provisions of the Declaration of Trust (including with respect to amendments to this Declaration of Trust) or any applicable subscription agreements. 

Section 11.7. Admission of Shareholders. 

(a) Original Shareholders. Upon the original sale of Shares, the purchasers shall be admitted as Shareholders not later than the last
day of the calendar month following the date their subscription was accepted by the Company. Subsequent purchases shall be accepted or rejected by the Company within thirty (30) days of their receipt; if rejected, the Company will return the
subscription agreement and the related funds, without interest or deduction, within ten (10) business days after such rejection. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions of this Article XI, the Company can reject subscription requests
for any reason. 

36 

(b) Substituted Shareholders and Recognition of Assignees. The Company shall amend
its records at least once each calendar quarter to effect the substitution of substituted Shareholders, although the Company may elect to do so more frequently. In the case of assignments, where the assignee does not become a substituted
Shareholder, the Company shall recognize the assignment not later than the last day of the calendar month following receipt of notice of the assignment and required documentation. 

ARTICLE XII 

ROLL-UP TRANSACTIONS 

Section 12.1. Roll-Up
Transactions. In connection with any proposed Roll-Up Transaction, an appraisal of all of the Companys assets shall be obtained from a competent Independent Expert. If an appraisal will be included
in a prospectus used to offer the securities of a Roll-Up Entity, such appraisal shall be filed with the SEC and the state securities administrators as an exhibit to the registration statement. The
Companys assets shall be appraised on a consistent basis, and the appraisal shall be based on the evaluation of all relevant information and shall indicate the value of the assets as of a date immediately prior to the announcement of the
proposed Roll-Up Transaction. The appraisal shall assume an orderly liquidation of the assets over a twelve-month period. The terms of the engagement of the Independent Expert shall clearly state that the
engagement is for the benefit of the Company and the Shareholders. A summary of the appraisal, indicating all material assumptions underlying the appraisal, shall be included in a report to Shareholders in connection with a proposed Roll-Up Transaction. In connection with a proposed Roll-Up Transaction, the Person sponsoring the Roll-Up Transaction shall offer to
Shareholders who vote against the proposed Roll-Up Transaction the choice of: 

(a) accepting the
securities of a Roll-Up Entity offered in the proposed Roll-Up Transaction; or 

(b) one of the following: 

(i)
remaining as Shareholders and preserving their interests therein on the same terms and conditions as existed previously; or 

(ii)
receiving cash in an amount equal to the Shareholders pro rata share of the appraised value of the net assets of the Company. 

The Company is
prohibited from participating in any proposed Roll-Up Transaction: 

(a) that would result in the
Shareholders having voting rights in a Roll-Up Entity that are less than the democracy and other voting rights provided for in Sections 4.3, 4.9, 4.11, 11.1, 11.2, 13.3, and 13.5 hereof; 

37 

(b) that includes provisions that would operate as a material impediment to, or frustration
of, the accumulation of capital stock by any purchaser of the securities of the Roll-Up Entity (except to the minimum extent necessary to preserve the tax status of the
Roll-Up Entity), or which would limit the ability of an investor to exercise the voting rights of its securities of the Roll-Up Entity on the basis of the capital stock
held by that investor; 

(c) in which investors rights to access of records of the Roll-Up
Entity will be less than those described in Section 11.3 hereof; or 

(d) in which any of the costs of the Roll-Up Transaction would be borne by the Company if the Roll-Up Transaction is rejected by the Shareholders. 

ARTICLE XIII 

DURATION
OF THE COMPANY 

Section 13.1. Duration of the Company. The Company shall continue perpetually unless terminated pursuant
to the provisions contained herein or pursuant to any applicable provision of the Statutory Trust Act. 

Section 13.2. [Reserved].

Section 13.3. Dissolution by Shareholder Vote. The Company may be dissolved at any time, without the necessity for
concurrence by the Board, upon affirmative vote by the holders of more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding Shares entitled to vote on the matter. 

Section 13.4. Liquidation. Upon dissolution of the Company, the Board of Trustees shall cause the Company to liquidate and wind-up in a manner consistent with Section 3808 of the Statutory Trust Act, including the distribution to the Shareholders of any assets of the Company. Upon dissolution and the completion of the winding up of
the affairs of the Company, the Company shall be terminated by the executing and filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware by one or more Trustees of a certificate of cancellation of the certificate of trust of the Company. 

Section 13.5. Merger or Other Reorganization of the Company. The Company shall not permit the Adviser or the Board of Trustees to
cause the merger or other reorganization of the Company without the affirmative vote by a majority of the then outstanding Shares of the Company entitled to vote on the matter. 

ARTICLE XIV 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 14.1. Construction and Governing Law. 

(a) This Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws, in combination, shall constitute the governing instrument of the Company, however to the extent
that any provision of the Bylaws conflicts with this Declaration of Trust, the terms of this Declaration of Trust shall control. This Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws, and the rights and obligations of the Trustees and Shareholders hereunder,
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the Statutory Trust Act and the laws of the State of Delaware. 

38 

(b) To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Shareholders and the Trustees of the Company
shall be deemed to have waived any non-mandatory rights of beneficial owners or trustees under the Statutory Trust Act or general trust law; and that the Company, the Shareholders, and the Trustees shall not
be subject to any applicable provisions of law pertaining to trusts that, in a manner inconsistent with the express terms of this Declaration of Trust or Bylaws, relate to or regulate (i) the filing with any court or governmental body or agency
of trustee accounts or schedules of trustee fees and charges, (ii) affirmative requirements to post bonds for trustees, officers, agents or employees of a trust, (iii) the necessity for obtaining court or other governmental approval
concerning the acquisition, holding or disposition of real or personal property, (iv) fees or other sums payable to trustees, officers, agents or employees of a trust, (v) the allocation of receipts and expenditures to income or principal,
(vi) restrictions or limitations on the permissible nature, amount or concentration of trust investments or requirements relating to the titling, storage or other manner of holding or investing trust assets, or (vii) the establishment of
fiduciary duties or other standards or responsibilities or limitations on the acts or powers of trustees, which are inconsistent with the limitations or liabilities or authorities and powers of Trustees as set forth or referenced in this Declaration
of Trust. 

(c) Sections 3540 and 3561 of Title 12 of the Statutory Trust Act shall not apply to the Company. 

(d) Exclusive Delaware Jurisdiction. Each Trustee, each officer and each Person legally or beneficially owning a Share or an interest
in a Share of the Company (whether through a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or clearing corporation or an agent of any of the foregoing or otherwise), to the fullest extent permitted by law, including Section 3804(e) of the Delaware
Statutory Trust Act, (i) irrevocably agrees that any claims, suits, actions or proceedings asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs (or similar) doctrine or arising out of or relating in any way to the Company, the Delaware Statutory
Trust Act, this Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws (including, without limitation, any claims, suits, actions or proceedings to interpret, apply or enforce (A) the provisions of this Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws, or (B) the duties
(including fiduciary duties), obligations or liabilities of the Company to the Shareholders or the Trustees, or of officers or the Trustees to the Company, to the Shareholders or each other, or (C) the rights or powers of, or restrictions on,
the Company, the officers, the Trustees or the Shareholders, or (D) any provision of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act or other laws of the State of Delaware pertaining to trusts made applicable to the Company pursuant to Section 3809 of
the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, or (E) any other instrument, document, agreement or certificate contemplated by any provision of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, this Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws relating in any way to the Company
(regardless, in each case, of whether such claims, suits, actions or proceedings (x) sound in contract, tort, fraud or otherwise, (y) are based on common law, statutory, equitable, legal or other grounds, or (z) are derivative or
direct claims)), shall be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, any other court in the State of Delaware with subject matter jurisdiction,
(ii) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in connection with any such claim, suit, action or proceeding, (iii) irrevocably agrees 

39 

not to, and waives any right to, assert in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding that (A) it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such courts or any other court to which
proceedings in such courts may be appealed, (B) such claim, suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, or (C) the venue of such claim, suit, action or proceeding is improper, (iv) consents to process being served
in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding by mailing, certified mail, return receipt requested, a copy thereof to such party at the address in effect for notices hereunder, and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof; provided, nothing in clause (iv) hereof shall affect or limit any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law and (v) irrevocably waives any and all right to trial by jury in any such
claim, suit, action or proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, this Section 14.1(d) shall not apply to any claims, suits, actions or proceedings arising out of or relating to the federal or state securities laws or the rules and
regulations thereunder. 

Section 14.2. Conflicts of Law. To the extent that any provision of the Statutory Trust Act or any
provision of this Declaration of Trust or Bylaws conflicts with any provision of the 1940 Act, the applicable provision of the 1940 Act shall control; provided, however, that such conflict shall not affect any of the remaining provisions of this
Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws or render invalid or improper any action taken or omitted prior to such determination. If any provision of this Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws shall be held invalid or unenforceable, the invalidity or
unenforceability shall attach only to such provision in such jurisdiction and shall not in any manner affect such provision in any other jurisdiction or affect any other provision of this Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws in any jurisdiction. 

Section 14.3. Derivative Actions. 

(a) No person, other than a Trustee, who is not a Shareholder shall be entitled to bring any derivative action, suit or other proceeding on
behalf of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, this Section 14.3(a) shall not apply to any claims asserted under the U.S. federal securities laws, including, without limitation, the 1940 Act and state securities laws. 

(b) In addition to the requirements set forth in Section 3816 of the Statutory Trust Act, a Shareholder may bring a derivative action on
behalf of the Company only if the following conditions are met: (i) the Shareholder or Shareholders must make a pre-suit demand upon the Trustees to bring the subject action unless an effort to cause the
Trustees to bring such an action is not likely to succeed; and a demand on the Trustees shall only be deemed not likely to succeed and therefore excused if a majority of the Trustees, or a majority of any committee established to consider the merits
of such action, is composed of Trustees who are not independent trustees (as that term is defined in the Statutory Trust Act); and (ii) unless a demand is not required under clause (i) of this paragraph, the Trustees must be
afforded a reasonable amount of time to consider such Shareholder request and to investigate the basis of such claim; and the Trustees shall be entitled to retain counsel or other advisors in considering the merits of the request and may require an
undertaking by the Shareholders making such request to reimburse the Company for the expense of any such advisors in the event that the Trustees determine not to bring such action. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, this Section 14.3 shall
not apply to any claims asserted under the U.S. federal securities laws including, without limitation, the 1940 Act and state securities laws. 

40 

Section 14.4. Direct Actions. To the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law,
the Shareholders right to bring direct actions against the Company and/or its Trustees is eliminated, except for a direct action to enforce an individual Shareholder right to vote or a direct action to enforce an individual Shareholders
rights under Sections 3805(e) or 3819 of the Statutory Trust Act. To the extent such right cannot be eliminated to this extent as a matter of Delaware law, then the conditions required for the bringing of a derivative action pursuant to
Section 14.3 of this Declaration of Trust and Section 3816 of the Statutory Trust Act shall be equally applicable to bringing a direct action. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, this Section 14.4 shall not apply to any claims
asserted under state securities laws. 

Section 14.5. Agreement to be Bound. EVERY PERSON, BY VIRTUE OF HAVING BECOME A
SHAREHOLDER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS DECLARATION OF TRUST AND THE BYLAWS, AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE EXPRESSLY ASSENTED AND AGREED TO THE TERMS OF, AND SHALL BE BOUND BY, THIS DECLARATION OF TRUST AND THE
BYLAWS. 

Section 14.6. Delivery by Electronic Transmission or Otherwise; Virtual Meetings. Any notice, proxy, vote, consent,
report, instrument or writing of any kind or any signature referenced in, or contemplated by, this Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws may, in the sole discretion of the Trustees, be given, granted or otherwise delivered by electronic transmission
(within the meaning of the Statutory Trust Act), including via the internet, or in any other manner permitted by applicable law. In furtherance thereof, any meetings of the Trustees or Shareholders may be held by means of conference telephone or
other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a such meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting; provided, however, this Section 14.6 does not
apply to any action of the Trustees pursuant to, and in accordance with, the 1940 Act and any rule, order or guidance thereunder, that requires the vote of the Trustees to be cast in person at a meeting. 

Section 14.7. No Exclusive Right to Sell. The Company shall not grant any exclusive right to sell, or exclusive employment to
sell, any assets of the Company. 

Section 14.8. Offering Period. The offering period of Shares may not exceed one year from
the date of effectiveness unless permitted by the State Administrator. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

41 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Declaration to be executed as of the day and year first
above written. 

/s/ Nancy Hawthorne

Nancy Hawthorne, as Trustee

/s/ Rajender Chandhok

Rajender Chandhok, as Trustee

/s/ Patrick Coyne

Patrick Coyne, as Trustee

/s/ Stuart George

Stuart George, as Trustee

/s/ Laurence Smith

Laurence Smith, as Trustee

/s/ David P. OConnor

David P. OConnor, as Trustee

42
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d890166dex32.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 

FIRST EAGLE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 

AMENDED & RESTATED BYLAWS 

ARTICLE I. 

OFFICES

Section 1. PRINCIPAL OFFICE. The principal office of First Eagle Private Credit Fund (the Company) in the
State of Delaware shall be located at such place as the Board of Trustees of the Company (the Trustees or the Board) may designate from time to time. 

Section 2. ADDITIONAL OFFICES. The principal executive office of the Company is at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY
10105. The Company may have additional offices at such places as the Board may from time to time determine or the business of the Company may require. 

ARTICLE II. 

MEETINGS OF
SHAREHOLDERS 

Section 1. ANNUAL MEETINGS. The Company shall hold annual meetings of shareholders upon reasonable notice
and within a reasonable period, as determined by the Trustees, following delivery and/or transmittal of the Companys annual report. 

Section 2. PLACE. All meetings of shareholders shall be held at the principal executive office of the Company or at such other
place or by virtual meeting as shall be set by the Board and stated in the notice of the meeting. 

Section 3. NOTICE OF
MEETINGS. 

(a) Method of Delivery; Minimum Contents; Waiver. Written or printed notice of the purpose or purposes, in the case
of a special meeting, and of the time and place of every meeting of the shareholders shall be given by the secretary of the Company to each shareholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting and to each other shareholder entitled to notice of the
meeting, by: (i) presenting the notice to such shareholder personally, (ii) placing the notice in the mail, (iii) delivering the notice by overnight delivery service, (iv) transmitting the notice by electronic mail or any other
electronic means, or (v) any other means permitted by Delaware law, at least ten (10) days, but not more than ninety (90) days, prior to the date designated for the meeting, addressed to each shareholder at such shareholders
address appearing on the records of the Company or supplied by the shareholder to the Company for the purpose of notice. The notice shall state the time and place of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting or as otherwise maybe required by
statute or these Bylaws, the purpose for which the meeting is called. The notice of any meeting of shareholders may be accompanied by a form of proxy approved by the Board in favor of the actions or persons as the Board may select. Notice of any
meeting of shareholders shall be deemed waived by any shareholder who attends the meeting in person or by proxy or who before or after the meeting submits a signed waiver of notice that is filed with the records of the meeting. 

1 

(b) Scope of Notice. Except as provided in Article II, Section 10, any business
of the Company may be transacted at an annual meeting of shareholders without being specifically designated in the notice of such meeting, except such business as is required by any statute to be stated in such notice. No business shall be
transacted at a special meeting of shareholders except as specifically designated in the notice of such meeting. The Company may postpone or cancel a meeting of shareholders by making a public announcement (as defined in Section 10(c)(3) of
this Article II) of such postponement or cancellation prior to the meeting. Notice of the date, time and place to which the meeting is postponed shall be given not less than ten days prior to such date and otherwise in the manner set forth in this
section. 

Section 4. ORGANIZATION AND CONDUCT. Every meeting of shareholders shall be conducted by an individual appointed by
the Board to be chairperson of the meeting or, in the absence of such appointment, by the chairperson of the board, if any, or, in the case of a vacancy in the office or absence of the chairperson of the board, by one of the following officers
present at the meeting: the chief executive officer, the president, if any, any vice president, the secretary, the treasurer or, in the absence of such officers, a chairperson chosen by the shareholders by the vote of a majority of the votes cast by
shareholders present in person or by proxy. The secretary or, in the secretarys absence, an assistant secretary or, in the absence of both the secretary and assistant secretaries, an individual appointed by the Board or, in the absence of such
appointment, an individual appointed by the chairperson of the meeting shall act as secretary. In the event that the secretary presides at a meeting of the shareholders, an assistant secretary, or, in the absence of assistant secretaries, an
individual appointed by the Board or the chairperson of the meeting, shall record the minutes of the meeting. Even if present at the meeting, the person holding the office named herein may delegate to another person the power to act as chair or
secretary of the meeting. The order of business and all other matters of procedure at any meeting of shareholders shall be determined by the chairperson of the meeting. The chairperson of the meeting may prescribe such rules, regulations and
procedures and take such action as, in the discretion of such chairperson, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, (a) restricting admission to the time set for the commencement of the meeting;
(b) limiting attendance at the meeting to shareholders of record of the Company, their duly authorized proxies or other such individuals as the chairperson of the meeting may determine; (c) limiting participation at the meeting on any
matter to shareholders of record of the Company entitled to vote on such matter, their duly authorized proxies or other such individuals as the chairperson of the meeting may determine; (d) limiting the time allotted to questions or comments by
participants; (e) maintaining order and security at the meeting; (f) removing any shareholder or any other individual who refuses to comply with meeting procedures, rules or guidelines as set forth by the chairperson of the meeting; and
(g) recessing or adjourning the meeting to a later date and time and place announced (i) at the meeting or (ii) at a future time, through means announced at the meeting. Unless otherwise determined by the chairperson of the meeting,
meetings of shareholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. 

Section 5.
QUORUM. At any meeting of shareholders, the presence in person or by proxy of the shareholders of the Company holding fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of the Company (without regard to class or series) shall constitute a quorum,
except with respect to any such matter that, under applicable statutes or regulatory requirements, requires approval by a separate vote of one or more classes of capital shares of the Company, in which case the

2 

presence in person or by proxy of the holders of shares of the Companys capital shares holding one third of the outstanding shares of such class shall constitute a quorum. This
Section 5 shall not affect any requirement under any applicable law, any other provisions of these Bylaws or the Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of the Company, as further amended or restated from time to time (the Declaration
of Trust), for the vote necessary for the adoption of any measure. Prior to the date upon which any meeting of shareholders is to be held, the Trustees may postpone such meeting one or more times for any reason and for such period of time as
the Trustees shall determine by giving notice to each shareholder entitled to vote at the meeting so postponed of the place, date and hour at which such meeting will be held. Such notice shall be given not fewer than two (2) days before the
date of such meeting and otherwise in accordance with Article II, Section 3. Any shareholders meeting may be adjourned by the chairman of the meeting one or more times for any reason, including the failure of a quorum to be present at the
meeting with respect to any proposal or the failure of any proposal to receive sufficient votes for approval. No shareholder vote shall be required for any adjournment. A shareholders meeting may be adjourned by the chairman of the meeting as
to one or more proposals regardless of whether action has been taken on other matters. No notice of adjournment of a meeting to another time or place need be given to shareholders if such time and place are announced at the meeting at which the
adjournment is taken or notice is given to persons present at the meeting unless the adjourned meeting is not held within 120 days (or such longer period as the Trustees may determine) after the record date. Any adjourned meeting may be held at such
time and place as determined by the chairman of the meeting if such time and place are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken or otherwise by the Board of Trustees. Any business that might have been transacted at the original
meeting may be transacted at any adjourned meeting. The shareholders of record entitled to vote at a shareholders meeting shall be deemed the shareholders of record at any meeting that has been postponed or reconvened after one or more
adjournments, unless the Trustees have fixed a new record date. If, after a postponement or adjournment, a new record date is fixed for the postponed or adjourned meeting, the secretary shall give notice of the postponed or adjourned meeting to
shareholders of record entitled to vote at such meeting. If a quorum is present with respect to any one or more proposals, the chairman of the meeting may, but shall not be required to, cause a vote to be taken with respect to any such proposal or
proposals which vote can be certified as final and effective notwithstanding the adjournment of the meeting with respect to any other proposal or proposals. 

Section 6. VOTING. A plurality of all votes cast at a meeting of shareholders duly called and at which a quorum is present shall
be sufficient to elect a Trustee, provided that, in the case where the number of nominees for the trusteeships (or, if applicable, the trusteeships of a particular class of trustees) exceeds the number of such trustees to be elected (a
Contested Election), a majority of all votes cast shall be required to elect such nominee. Each share may be voted for as many individuals as there are Trustees to be elected and for whose election the share is entitled to be voted. A
majority of the votes cast at a meeting of shareholders duly called and at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient to approve any other matter which may properly come before the meeting, unless more than a majority of the votes cast is
required by the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act) or other applicable law, the Declaration of Trust or Article III of these Bylaws. Unless otherwise provided in the Declaration of Trust, each outstanding share
owned of record on the applicable record date, regardless of class, shall be entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of shareholders. 

3 

Section 7. PROXIES. A shareholder may vote the shares owned of record by the
shareholder, either in person or by proxy executed in writing by the shareholder or by the shareholders duly authorized agent as permitted by law. Such proxy shall be filed with the secretary of the Company before or at the meeting. 

Section 8. VOTING OF SHARES BY CERTAIN HOLDERS. Shares of the Company registered in the name of a corporation, partnership, trust
or other entity, if entitled to be voted, may be voted by the president or a vice president, a general partner or trustee thereof, as the case may be, or a proxy appointed by any of the foregoing individuals, unless some other person who has been
appointed to vote such share pursuant to a bylaw or a resolution of the governing body of such corporation or other entity or agreement of the partners of a partnership presents a certified copy of such bylaw, resolution or agreement, in which case
such person may vote such share. Any fiduciary may vote shares registered in his or her name as such fiduciary, either in person or by proxy. 

Shares of the Company directly owned by it or its subsidiaries shall not be voted at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the
total number of outstanding shares entitled to be voted at any given time. 

The Board may adopt by resolution a procedure by which a
shareholder may certify in writing to the Company that any shares registered in the name of the shareholder are held for the account of a specified person other than the shareholder. The resolution shall set forth the class of shareholders who may
make the certification, the purpose for which the certification may be made, the form of certification and the information to be contained in it; if the certification is with respect to a record date or closing of the shares transfer books, the time
after the record date or closing of the shares transfer books within which the certification must be received by the Company; and any other provisions with respect to the procedure which the Board considers necessary or desirable. On receipt of such
certification, the person specified in the certification shall be regarded as, for the purposes set forth in the certification, the shareholder of record of the specified shares in place of the shareholder who makes the certification. 

Section 9. INSPECTORS. The Board in advance of any meeting of shareholders, or the chairperson of the meeting at any meeting of
shareholders, may, but need not, appoint one or more individual inspectors or one or more entities that designate individuals as inspectors to act at the meeting or any adjournment thereof. In case any person who may be appointed as an inspector
fails to appear or act, the vacancy may be filled by appointment made by the Board in advance of the meeting or at the meeting by the chairperson of the meeting. The inspectors, if any, shall determine the number of shares outstanding and the voting
power of each, the shares represented at the meeting, the existence of a quorum, as defined in this Article II, the validity and effect of proxies, and shall receive votes, ballots or consents, hear and determine all challenges and questions arising
in connection with the right to vote, count and tabulate all votes, ballots or consents, and determine the result, and do such acts as are proper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all shareholders. Each such report of an inspector
shall be in writing and signed by him or her or by a majority of them if there is more than one inspector acting at such meeting. If there is more than one inspector, the report of a majority shall be the report of the inspectors. The report of the
inspector or inspectors on the number of shares represented at the meeting and the results of the voting shall be prima facie evidence thereof. 

4 

Section 10. ADVANCE NOTICE OF SHAREHOLDER NOMINEES FOR TRUSTEES AND OTHER
SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS. 

(a) Annual Meetings of Shareholders. In respect of the Companys annual meeting of its
shareholders: 

(1) Nominations of individuals for election to the Board and the proposal of other business to be considered by the
shareholders may be made at an annual meeting of shareholders (i) pursuant to the Companys notice of meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board or (iii) by any shareholder of the Company who was a shareholder of record
both at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 10(a) and at the time of the annual meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with this Section 10(a). 

(2) For nominations of individuals for election to the Board or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a
shareholder pursuant to clause (iii) of subsection (a)(1) of this Section 10, the shareholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the secretary of the Company and such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for
action by the shareholders. To be timely, a shareholders notice shall set forth all information required under this Section 10 and shall be delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Company not less than one
hundred twenty (120) days nor more than one hundred fifty (150) days prior to the first anniversary of the date of mailing of the notice for the preceding years annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of
the mailing of the notice for the annual meeting is advanced or delayed by more than thirty (30) days from the first anniversary of the date of mailing of the notice for the preceding years annual meeting, notice by the shareholder to be
timely must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred fiftieth (150th) day prior to the date of mailing of the notice for such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the one hundred
twentieth (120th) day prior to the date of mailing of the notice for such annual meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement of the date of mailing of the notice for such meeting is first made. In no event shall
the public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of an annual meeting commence a new time period for the giving of a shareholders notice as described above. Such shareholders notice shall set forth: (i) as to each individual
whom the shareholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a Trustee, all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of Trustees, or is otherwise required, in each case
pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor regulations) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) (including such persons written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to
serving as a Trustee if elected ) and whether such shareholder believes any such individual is, or is not, an Interested Person (as such term is defined in the Declaration of Trust) of the Company and information regarding such individual that is
sufficient, in the discretion of the Board or any committee thereof or any authorized officer of the Company, to make such determination: (ii) as to any other business that the shareholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief
description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such shareholder or any Shareholder Associated Person (as defined below) and
of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made; and (iii) as to the shareholder giving the notice, any Shareholder Associated Person and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made,
the name and address of such shareholder, as they appear on the Companys books, of any Shareholder Associated Person and of such beneficial owner and the class and number of shares of the Company which are owned beneficially and of record by
such shareholder, Shareholder Associated Person and such beneficial owner. 

5 

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the second sentence of Section 10(a)(2) to the
contrary, in the event that the number of Trustees to be elected to the Board is increased and there is no public announcement naming all of the nominees for Trustee or specifying the size of the increased Board made by the Company at least one
hundred thirty (130) days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting, a shareholders notice required by this Section 10(a) shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new
positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the secretary at the principal executive offices of the Company not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which such public announcement is first
made by the Company. 

(4) For purposes of this Section 10, Shareholder Associated Person of any shareholder shall mean
(i) any person controlling, directly or indirectly, or acting in concert with, such shareholder, (ii) any beneficial owner (as defined in the Declaration of Trust) of shares of the Company owned of record or beneficially by such
shareholder and (iii) any person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Shareholder Associated Person. For purposes of this Section 10, control shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 2 of
the 1940 Act. 

(b) Special Meetings of Shareholders. Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of shareholders as
shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Companys notice of meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to the Board may be made at a special meeting of shareholders at which Trustees are to be elected (i) pursuant
to the Companys notice of meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board or (iii) provided that the Board has determined that Trustees shall be elected at such special meeting, by any shareholder of the Company who is a
shareholder of record both at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 10 and at the time of the special meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complied with the notice procedures set forth in this
Section 10. In the event the Company calls a special meeting of shareholders for the purpose of electing one or more individuals to the Board, any such shareholder may nominate an individual or individuals (as the case may be) for election as a
Trustee as specified in the Companys notice of meeting, if the shareholders notice required by subsection (a)(2) of this Section 10 shall be delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Company not earlier
than the one hundred fiftieth (150th) day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to such special meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which
public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board to be elected at such meeting. In no event shall the public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of a special meeting commence a
new time period for the giving of a shareholders notice as described above. 

6 

(c) General. 

(1) Upon written request by the secretary or the Board or any committee thereof, any shareholder proposing a nominee for election as a Trustee
or any proposal for other business at a meeting of shareholders shall provide, within five (5) Business Days of delivery of such request (or such other period as may be specified in such request), written verification, satisfactory, in the
discretion of the Board or any committee thereof or any authorized officer of the Company, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information submitted by the shareholder pursuant to this Section 10. If a shareholder fails to provide such written
verification within such period, the information as to which written verification was requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 10. 

(2) Only such individuals who are nominated in accordance with this Section 10 shall be eligible for election as Trustees, and only such
business shall be conducted at a meeting of shareholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 10. The chairperson of the meeting shall have the power to determine whether a nomination or any other
business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with this Section 10. 

(3)
For purposes of this Section 10, (a) the date of mailing of the notice shall mean the date of the proxy statement for the solicitation of proxies for election of Trustees, and (b) public announcement shall mean
disclosure (i) in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press Business Wire, PR Newswire or comparable news service or (ii) in a document publicly filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission) pursuant to the Exchange Act or the 1940 Act. 

(4) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of
this Section 10, a shareholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 10. Nothing in this
Section 10 shall be deemed to affect any right of a shareholder to request inclusion of a proposal in, nor the right of the Company to omit a proposal from, the Companys proxy statement pursuant to
Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act. 

(d) Nothing in this
Section 10 shall be deemed to affect any right of a shareholder to request inclusion of a proposal in, or the right of the Company to omit a proposal from, the Companys proxy statement pursuant to Rule
14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act. 

Section 11. SHAREHOLDER ACTION
BY WRITTEN CONSENT. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the shareholders may be taken without a meeting (a) if a unanimous consent setting forth the action is given in writing or by electronic transmission by each
shareholder entitled to vote on the matter and filed with the minutes of proceedings of the shareholders or (b) if the action is advised, and submitted to the shareholders for approval, by the Board and a consent in writing or by electronic
transmission of shareholders entitled to cast not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take the action at a meeting of shareholders at which all shareholders entitled to vote thereon were present and voted
and such consent is delivered to the Company. 

7 

Section 12. VOTING BY BALLOT. Voting on any question or in any election may be
viva voce unless the presiding officer shall order or any shareholder shall demand that voting be by ballot. 

Section 13. MEETINGS
BY REMOTE COMMUNICATIONS. The Trustees may, in their sole discretion, determine that a meeting of shareholders may be held partly or solely by means of remote communications and to the extent so authorized, shareholders and proxyholders not
physically present at a meeting of shareholders may, by means of remote communications: (a) participate in a meeting of shareholders; and (b) be deemed present in person and vote at a meeting of shareholders whether such meeting is to be
held at a designated place or solely by means of remote communications. In connection with any such meeting, the Company may implement such measures as the Trustees deem to be reasonable to verify that each person deemed present and permitted to
vote at the meeting by means of remote communications is a shareholder or proxyholder and to provide such shareholders and proxyholders a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the shareholders. If
any shareholder or proxyholder votes or takes other action at the meeting by means of remote communications, a record of such vote or other action shall be maintained by the Company. 

ARTICLE III. 

TRUSTEES

Section 1. GENERAL POWERS. The business and affairs of the Company shall be managed under the direction of its Board. The
Board may designate a chairperson of the Board, who may also be an officer of the Company, and who will have such powers and duties as determined by the Board from time to time. 

Section 2. NUMBER, TENURE AND QUALIFICATIONS. At any regular meeting or at any special meeting called for that purpose, a majority
of the entire Board may establish, increase or decrease the number of Trustees, provided that the number thereof shall never be fewer than two, and further provided that the tenure of office of a Trustee shall not be affected by any decrease in the
number of Trustees. A majority of Trustees shall be Independent Trustees (for purposes of these Bylaws, as such term is defined in the Declaration of Trust). 

Section 3. ANNUAL AND REGULAR MEETINGS. An annual meeting of the Board shall be held immediately after and at the same place
(including by virtual meeting) as the annual meeting of shareholders, if any, no notice other than this Bylaw being necessary. In the event such meeting is not so held, the meeting may be held at such time and place (including by virtual meeting) as
shall be specified in a notice given as hereinafter provided for special meetings of the Board. Regular meetings of the Board shall be held from time to time at such places (including by virtual meeting) and times as provided by the Board by
resolution, without notice other than such resolution. 

Section 4. SPECIAL MEETINGS. Special meetings of the Board may be
called by or at the request of the chairperson of the Board, the chief executive officer, the president or by a majority of the Trustees then in office. The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the Board may fix any place
(including by virtual meeting) as the place for holding any special meeting of the Board called by them. The Board may provide, by resolution, the time and place (including by virtual meeting) for the holding of special meetings of the Board,
without notice other than such resolution. 

8 

Section 5. NOTICE. Meetings of the Trustees may be held without call or notice.
Except as required by applicable law, neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any meeting of the Board of Trustees need be stated in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting, and no notice need be given of action proposed
to be taken by unanimous written consent. 

Section 6. QUORUM. Any time there is more than one Trustee, a quorum for all
meetings of the Trustees shall be one-third, but not less than two, of the Trustees. Unless provided otherwise in the Declaration of Trust or these Bylaws and except as required under the 1940 Act,
any action of the Trustees may be taken at a meeting by vote of a majority of the Trustees present (a quorum being present) or without a meeting by written consent of a majority of the Trustees. Any committee of the Trustees, including an executive
committee, if any, may act with or without a meeting. A quorum for all meetings of any such committee shall be one-third, but not less than two, of the members thereof. Unless provided otherwise in
the Declaration of Trust, any action of any such committee may be taken at a meeting by vote of a majority of the members present (a quorum being present) or without a meeting by written consent as provided in Section 10 of this Article III.
With respect to actions of the Trustees and any committee of the Trustees, Trustees who are Interested Persons in any action to be taken may be counted for quorum purposes under this Section and shall be entitled to vote to the extent not prohibited
by the 1940 Act. The Trustees present at a meeting which has been duly called and convened may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough Trustees to leave less than a quorum. 

Section 7. VOTING. The action of the majority of the Trustees present at a meeting at which a quorum, as defined in Section 6
of this Article III, is present shall be the action of the Board, unless the concurrence of a greater proportion is required for such action by applicable statute or the Declaration of Trust. If enough Trustees have withdrawn from a meeting to leave
less than a quorum, as defined in Section 6 of this Article III, but the meeting is not adjourned, the action of the majority of the Trustees still present at such meeting shall be the action of the Board, unless the concurrence of a greater
proportion is required for such action by applicable statute or the Declaration of Trust. 

Section 8. ORGANIZATION. At each
meeting of the Board, the chairperson of the Board or, in the absence of the chairperson, the chief executive officer shall act as chairperson of the meeting. In the absence of both the chairperson and the chief executive officer, the president, if
any, or in the absence of the president, a Trustee chosen by a majority of the Trustees present shall act as chairperson of the meeting. The secretary or, in his or her absence, an assistant secretary of the Company, or in the absence of the
secretary and all assistant secretaries, a person appointed by the chairperson, shall act as secretary of the meeting. 

9 

Section 9. TELEPHONE MEETINGS. Trustees may participate in a meeting, and any
committee member of any committee established by the Board pursuant to Article IV, may participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment if all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at
the same time; provided however, this Section 9 does not apply to any action of the Trustees pursuant to the 1940 Act, that requires the vote of the Trustees to be cast in person at a meeting. Participation in a meeting by these means shall
constitute presence in person at the meeting. 

Section 10. WRITTEN CONSENT BY TRUSTEES Any action which may be taken by
Trustees by vote may be taken without a meeting if that number of the Trustees, or members of a committee, as the case may be, required for approval of such action at a meeting of the Trustees or of such committee consent to the action in writing
and the written consents are filed with the records of the meetings of Trustees. Such consent shall be treated for all purposes as a vote taken at a meeting of Trustees; provided however, this Section 10 does not apply to any action of the
Trustees pursuant to the 1940 Act that requires the vote of the Trustees to be cast in person at a meeting. 

Section 11.
VACANCIES. If for any reason any or all the Trustees cease to be Trustees, such event shall not terminate the Company or affect these Bylaws or the powers of the remaining Trustees hereunder, if any. Subject to applicable requirements of the
1940 Act, except as may be provided by the Board in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred shares, (a) any vacancy on the Board may be filled only by a majority of the remaining Trustees, even if the remaining Trustees do not
constitute a quorum, as defined in Section 6 of this Article III, and (b) any Trustee elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the term of such Trustee causing the vacancy and until a successor is elected and qualified;
provided, however, that any such Trustee will be proposed for election by shareholders at the next annual meeting of shareholders. 

Section 12. COMPENSATION. The Trustees shall have power to pay reasonable compensation from the funds of the Trust to themselves
as Trustees. The Trustees shall fix the compensation (if any) of all officers of the Company, employees of the Company (if any) and Trustees. The Trustees may pay themselves such compensation for special services, including legal, underwriting,
syndicating and brokerage services, as they in good faith may deem reasonable and reimbursement for expenses reasonably incurred by themselves on behalf of the Trust. 

Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any Trustees from serving the Company in any other capacity and receiving compensation
therefor. 

Section 13. LOSS OF DEPOSITS. No Trustee shall be liable for any loss which may occur by reason of the failure of
the bank, trust company, savings and loan association, or other institution with whom moneys or stock have been deposited. 

Section 14. SURETY BONDS. Unless required by law, no Trustee shall be obligated to give any bond or surety or other security for
the performance of any of his or her duties. 

10 

Section 15. RELIANCE. Each Trustee, officer, employee and agent of the Company
shall, in the performance of his duties with respect to the Company, be fully justified and protected with regard to any act or failure to act in reliance in good faith upon the books of account or other records of the Company, upon an opinion of
counsel or upon reports made to the Company by any of its officers or employees or by the advisers, accountants, appraisers or other experts or consultants selected by the Trustees or officers of the Company, regardless of whether such counsel or
expert may also be a Trustee. Each Trustee, officer, employee and agent of the Company shall also otherwise be entitled to the benefit of Section 3806(k) of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, as amended from time to time, (the DSTA).

Section 16. CERTAIN RIGHTS OF TRUSTEES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS. The Trustees shall have no responsibility to devote
their full time to the affairs of the Company. Any Trustee, officer, employee or agent of the Company, in his personal capacity or in a capacity as an affiliate, employee, or agent of any other person, or otherwise, may have business interests and
engage in business activities similar to or in addition to those of or relating to the Company, subject to the adoption of any policies relating to such interests and activities adopted by the Trustees and applicable law, including, as applicable,
the Omnibus Guidelines (as such term is defined in the Declaration of Trust).

ARTICLE IV. 

COMMITTEES

Section 1. NUMBER, TENURE AND QUALIFICATIONS. The Board may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board,
appoint from among its members an Audit Committee, a Nominating and Governance Committee and other committees the Board shall determine from time to time to be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders, each of which shall be
composed of one or more Trustees, who will serve at the pleasure of the Board. 

Section 2. POWERS. The Board may delegate to
committees appointed under Section 1 of this Article IV any of the powers of the Board, except as prohibited by law. 

Section 3.
MEETINGS. Each committee, if deemed advisable by the Board, shall have a written charter. Notice of committee meetings shall be given in the same manner as notice for special meetings of the Board. A majority of the members of a committee
shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of such committee. The act of a majority of the committee members present at a meeting shall be the act of such committee. The Board may designate, or a committee thereof to
whom such power is delegated, a chairperson of any committee, and such chairperson or, in the absence of a chairperson, any two members of any committee (if there are at least two (2) members of the committee) may fix the time and place of its
meeting unless the Board shall otherwise provide. In the absence of any member of any such committee, the members thereof present at any meeting, whether or not they constitute a quorum, may appoint another Trustee to act in the place of such absent
member. Each committee may fix rules of procedures for its business. Each committee shall keep minutes of its proceedings. 

Section 4. VACANCIES. Subject to the provisions hereof, the Board shall have the power at any time to change the membership of any
committee, to fill all vacancies, to designate alternate members to replace any absent or disqualified member or to dissolve any such committee. Subject to the power of the Board, the members of the committee shall have the power to fill any
vacancies on the committee. 

11 

ARTICLE V. 

OFFICERS 

Section 1.
GENERAL PROVISIONS. The Trustees may elect the officers of the Company which may include a chief executive officer and/or a president, a secretary, a treasurer and/or chief financial officer and to the extent that Rule 38a-1 under the 1940 Act applies, a chief compliance officer and an anti-money laundering officer, and may include one or more vice presidents, a chief operating officer, a chief investment officer,
one or more assistant secretaries and one or more assistant treasurers. In addition, the Board may from time to time elect such other officers with such powers and duties as it shall deem necessary or desirable. Each officer shall hold office until
his or her successor is elected or until death, resignation or removal in the manner hereinafter provided. Any two (2) or more offices except president and vice president may be held by the same person although any person holding more than one
office in the company may not act in more than one capacity to execute, acknowledge or verify an instrument required by law to be executed, acknowledged or verified by more than one officer. In their discretion, the Trustees may leave unfilled any
office except that of the chief executive officer, the president, the treasurer, the secretary and the chief compliance officer. Election of an officer or agent shall not of itself create contract rights between the Company and such officer or
agent. 

Section 2. REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION. Any officer or agent of the Company may be removed, with or without cause, by a
majority of the whole Board if in its judgment the best interests of the Company would be served thereby, but such removal shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person so removed. Any officer of the Company may resign at
any time by giving written notice of his or her resignation to the Board, the chairperson of the Board, the chief executive officer, the president or the secretary. Any resignation shall take effect immediately upon its receipt or, if the time when
it shall become effective is specified therein, at such later time specified in the notice of resignation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless otherwise stated in the resignation. Such resignation shall
be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the Company. In addition, the termination or resignation of the chief compliance officer shall be effected in accordance with
Rule 38a-1(4) under the 1940 Act. 

Section 3. VACANCIES. A vacancy in any
office may be filled by the Board for the balance of the term. 

Section 4. CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER. The Board may designate a
chief executive officer from among its Board or elected officers. In the absence of such designation, the president shall be the chief executive officer of the Company. The chief executive officer shall have general responsibility for implementation
of the policies of the Company, as determined by the Board, and for the management of the business and affairs of the Company. He or she may execute any deed, mortgage, bond, contract or other instrument, except in cases where the execution thereof
shall be expressly delegated by the Trustees or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Company or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed, and in general shall perform all duties incident to the office of chief executive
officer and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board from time to time. 

12 

Section 5. CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER. The Board may designate a chief operating
officer. The chief operating officer, under the direction of the chief executive officer, shall have the responsibilities and perform the duties incident to the office of chief operating officer, including general management authority and
responsibility for the day-to- day implementation of the policies of the Company and such other responsibilities and duties prescribed by the Board or the
chief executive officer from time to time. 

Section 6. CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER. The Board may designate a chief investment
officer. The chief investment officer shall have the responsibilities and duties incident to the office of chief investment officer and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board, the chief executive officer or the president. 

Section 7. CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER. The Board may designate a chief financial officer. The chief financial officer shall have the
responsibilities and duties incident to the office of chief financial officer and such other duties as may be prescribed as set forth by the Board, the chief executive officer or the president. 

Section 8. CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER; ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING OFFICER. The Board shall designate a chief compliance officer to the
extent required by, and consistent with the requirements of, the 1940 Act. The chief compliance officer, who shall also serve as the anti-money laundering officer if the Board does not otherwise designate an anti-money laundering officer and subject
to the direction of, and reporting to, the Board, shall be responsible for the oversight of the Companys compliance with the U.S. federal securities laws and other applicable regulatory requirements. The designation, compensation and removal
of the chief compliance officer must be approved by the Board, including a majority of the Independent Trustees of the Company. The chief compliance officer shall perform such executive, supervisory and management functions and duties as may be
assigned to him or her from time to time by the Board, the chief executive officer or the president. The Board may designate an anti-money laundering officer. The anti-money laundering officer shall have the responsibilities and duties incident to
the office of chief financial officer and such other duties as may be prescribed as set forth by the Board, the chief executive officer or the president 

Section 9. PRESIDENT. In the absence of a designation of a chief executive officer by the Board, the president shall be the chief
executive officer. He or she may sign with the secretary or any other proper officer of the Company authorized by the Board, deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts, or other instruments which the Board has authorized to be executed, except in cases
where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Company, or shall be required by law to be otherwise signed or executed, and in general shall perform all
duties incident to the office of president and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board from time to time. 

Section 10.
VICE PRESIDENTS. In the absence of the chief executive officer, president, the chief operating officer, or in the event of a vacancy in all such offices, the vice president (or in the event there be more than one vice president, the vice
presidents in the order designated at the time of their election or, in the absence of any designation, then in the order of their election) shall perform the duties of the president and when so acting shall have all the powers of and be subject to
all the restrictions upon the chief executive officer and the president; 

13 

and shall perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to such vice president by the chief executive officer, the chief operating officer, the president or by the Board. The
Board may designate one or more vice presidents as executive vice president, senior vice president or as vice president for particular areas of responsibility. 

Section 11. SECRETARY. The secretary shall: (a) keep or cause to be kept the minutes of the proceedings of the shareholders,
the Board and committees of the Board in one or more books provided for that purpose; (b) see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws or as required by law; (c) be custodian of the corporate
records and of the seal of the Company; (d) keep or cause to be kept a register of the post office address of each shareholder which shall be furnished to the secretary by such shareholder; (e) have general charge of the shares transfer
books of the Company; and (f) in general perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned by the chief executive officer, the president or by the Board. 

Section 12. TREASURER. In the absence of a designation of a chief financial officer by the Board, the treasurer shall be the chief
financial officer of the Company. In the absence of a designation of a treasurer by the Board, then the chief financial officer shall be responsible for the duties of the treasurer specified in this Section 12. The treasurer shall be
responsible for: (a) the custody of the funds and securities of the Company; (b) the keeping of full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Company; and (c) the depositing of all moneys and other
valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Company in such depositories as may be designated by the Board. 

The treasurer shall
disburse the funds of the Company as may be ordered by the Board, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the president and Board, at the regular meetings of the Board or whenever it may so require, an account of all his
or her transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of the Company. The treasurer shall, if required by the Board, give bonds for the faithful performance of his duties in such sums and with such surety or sureties as shall be
satisfactory to the Board. 

Section 13. ASSISTANT SECRETARIES AND ASSISTANT TREASURER. The assistant secretaries and assistant
treasurers, in general, shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to them by the secretary or treasurer, respectively, or by the chief executive officer, the president or the Board. The assistant treasurers shall, if required by the Board, give
bonds for the faithful performance of their duties in such sums and with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory to the Board. 

ARTICLE VI. 

CONTRACTS,
LOANS, CHECKS AND DEPOSITS 

Section 1. CONTRACTS. The Board may authorize any officer or agent to enter into any contract
or to execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Company and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Any agreement, deed, mortgage, lease or other document shall be valid and binding upon the
Company when authorized or ratified by action of the Board and executed by an authorized person. 

14 

Section 2. CHECKS AND DRAFTS. All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment
of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Company shall be signed by such officer or agent of the Company in such manner as shall from time to time be determined by the Board. 

Section 3. DEPOSITS. All funds of the Company not otherwise employed shall be deposited from time to time to the credit of the
Company in such banks, trust companies or other depositories as the Board may designate. 

ARTICLE VII. 

SHARES 

Section 1.
CERTIFICATES. The Company will not issue share certificates. A shareholders investment in the Company will be recorded on the books of the Company. A shareholder wishing to transfer his or her Shares will be required to send a completed
and executed form to the Company, such form to be provided upon a shareholders request. 

Section 2. TRANSFERS. The
Shares of the Trust shall not be transferrable except as permitted in the Declaration of Trust. The Company, or its transfer agents, shall be authorized to refuse any transfer unless and until presentation of such evidence as may be reasonably
required to show that the requested transfer is proper. 

All transfers of shares shall be made on the books of the Company, by the holder
of the shares, in person or by his or her attorney, in such manner as the Board of Trustees or any officer of the Company may prescribe. 

The Company shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any shares as the holder in fact thereof and, accordingly, shall not be bound
to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of the State of Delaware. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, transfers of shares of any class or series of shares will be subject in all respects to the Declaration of
Trust of the Company and all of the terms and conditions contained therein. 

Section 3. NOTICE OF ISSUANCE OR TRANSFER. Upon
issuance or transfer of shares in the Company, the Company shall send the shareholder a written statement that reflects such investment or transfer containing such information, at a minimum, as required by law. The Company, alternatively, may
furnish notice that a full statement of the information contained in the foregoing sentence will be provided to any shareholder upon request and without charge. 

Section 4. CLOSING OF TRANSFER BOOKS OR FIXING OF RECORD DATE. The Board may set, in advance, a record date for the purpose of
determining shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of shareholders or determining shareholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or the allotment of any other rights, or in order to make a determination of
shareholders for any other proper purpose. Such date, in any case, shall not be prior to the close of business on the day the record date is fixed and shall be not more than ninety (90) days and, in the case of a meeting of shareholders, not
less than ten (10) days, before the date on which the meeting or particular action requiring such determination of shareholders of record is to be held or taken. 

15 

In the context of fixing a record date, the Board may provide that the shares transfer books
shall be closed for a stated period but not longer than twenty (20) days. If the shares transfer books are closed for the purpose of determining shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of shareholders, such books shall be
closed for at least ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. 

If no record date is fixed and the shares transfer books are not
closed for the determination of shareholders, (a) the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of shareholders shall be at the close of business on the day on which the notice of meeting is
mailed or the thirtieth (30th) day before the meeting, whichever is the closer date to the meeting; and (b) the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive payment of a dividend or an allotment of any other rights
shall be the close of business on the day on which the resolution of the Trustees, declaring the dividend or allotment of rights, is adopted. 

When a determination of shareholders entitled to vote at any meeting of shareholders has been made as provided in this Section 4, such
determination shall apply to any adjournment thereof, except when (i) the determination has been made through the closing of the transfer books and the stated period of closing has expired or (ii) the meeting is adjourned to a date more
than one hundred twenty (120) days after the record date fixed for the original meeting, in either of which case a new record date shall be determined as set forth herein. 

Section 5. SHARES LEDGER. The Company shall maintain at its principal office or at the office of its counsel,
accountants or transfer agent, an original or duplicate share ledger containing the name and address of each shareholder and the number of shares of each class held by such shareholder. 

Section 6. FRACTIONAL SHARES; ISSUANCE OF SHARES. The Board may issue fractional shares or provide for the
issuance of scrip, all on such terms and under such conditions as they may determine. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Declaration of Trust or these Bylaws, the Board may issue units consisting of different securities of the Company. Any
security issued in a unit shall have the same characteristics as any identical securities issued by the Company, except that the Board may provide that for a specified period securities of the Company issued in such unit may be transferred on the
books of the Company only in such unit. 

16 

ARTICLE VIII. 

ACCOUNTING YEAR 

The
fiscal year of the Company shall end on December 31 of each fiscal year, and may thereafter be changed by duly adopted resolution of the Board from time to time. 

ARTICLE IX. 

DISTRIBUTIONS 

Section 1. AUTHORIZATION. Dividends and other distributions upon the shares of the Company may be authorized by the Board, subject
to the provisions of law and the Declaration of Trust of the Company. Dividends and other distributions may be paid in cash, property or shares of the Company, subject to the provisions of law and the Declaration of Trust. 

Section 2. CONTINGENCIES. Before payment of any dividends or other distributions, there may be set aside out of any assets of the
Company available for dividends or other distributions such sum or sums as the Board may from time to time, in its absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve fund for contingencies, for equalizing dividends or other distributions, for repairing
or maintaining any property of the Company or for such other purpose as the Board shall determine to be in the best interest of the Company, and the Board may modify or abolish any such reserve. 

ARTICLE X. 

SEAL

Section 1. SEAL. The Board may authorize the adoption of a seal by the Company. The Board may authorize one or more
duplicate seals and provide for the custody thereof. 

Section 2. AFFIXING SEAL. Whenever the Company is permitted or required
to affix its seal to a document, it shall be sufficient to meet the requirements of any law, rule or regulation relating to a seal to place the word (SEAL) adjacent to the signature of the person authorized to execute the document on
behalf of the Company. 

ARTICLE XI. 

WAIVER OF NOTICE 

Whenever
any notice is required to be given pursuant to the Declaration of Trust of the Company or these Bylaws or pursuant to applicable law, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the
time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Neither the business to be transacted at nor the purpose of any meeting need be set forth in the waiver of notice, unless specifically required by statute. The attendance
of any person at any meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where such person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting is not lawfully
called or convened. 

17 

ARTICLE XII. 

INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT 

If
and to the extent that any provision of the DSTA, or any provision of the Declaration of Trust or these Bylaws conflicts with any provision of the 1940 Act, then the applicable provision of the 1940 Act shall control; provided, however, that such
conflict shall not affect any of the remaining provisions of these Bylaws or the Declaration of Trust or render invalid or improper any action take or omitted prior to such determination. 

ARTICLE XIII. 

AMENDMENT
OF BYLAWS 

The Board shall have the exclusive power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of these Bylaws and to make new Bylaws not
inconsistent with the Declaration of Trust. To the extent any provisions of the Bylaws conflict with the Declaration of Trust, the Declaration of Trust shall control. 

Adopted: March 11, 2025 

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d890166dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

FIRST EAGLE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 

AMENDED AND RESTATED INVESTMENT ADVISORY AGREEMENT 

This Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement is dated and effective as of March 11, 2025 by and between FIRST EAGLE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND, a Delaware
statutory trust (the Fund), and FIRST EAGLE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, LLC, a registered investment adviser organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Adviser). 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, the
Fund and the Adviser are parties to that Investment Advisory Agreement, dated March 30, 2023, by and between the Fund and the Adviser (the Prior Agreement); 

WHEREAS, the Fund and the Adviser desire to amend and restate the Prior Agreement in order to remove certain provisions that limit the
applicability of certain provisions prior to the qualification of the Common Shares (as defined herein and in the Prior Agreement) as Covered Securities (as defined herein and in the Prior Agreement), clarify applicability of certain provisions of
the North American Securities Administrators Association (NASAA) Omnibus Guidelines and make certain other immaterial changes; and 

WHEREAS, the foregoing changes will not result in any increase in fees charged to the Fund and will not affect the quality and level of
service to be provided by the Adviser to the Fund. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows: 

1) 

Appointment of Adviser. The Fund hereby appoints the Adviser to act as investment adviser, for the
period and on the terms set forth in this Agreement. The Adviser accepts such appointment and agrees to render the services herein described, for the compensation herein provided. 

2) 

Subject to the supervision of the Board of Trustees of the Fund (the Board, and each member
thereof, a Trustee), the Adviser shall manage the investment operations of the Fund and the composition of the Funds portfolio, including the purchase, retention and disposition thereof, in accordance with (i) the
Funds investment objective, policies and restrictions as stated in the Funds registration statement on Form N-2, as amended from time to time (the Registration Statement), (ii)
in accordance with the 1940 Act and (iii) in accordance with all other applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations, and the Funds Declaration of Trust (as defined below) and bylaws. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Adviser hereby undertakes and agrees, upon the terms and conditions herein set forth, to provide overall investment advisory services for the Fund and, in connection therewith, agrees to render the following services:

a) 

determining the composition of the Funds portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to the
Funds portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes in accordance with the Funds investment objective, policies and restrictions; 

b) 

identifying investment opportunities and making investment decisions for the Fund, including negotiating the
terms of investments in, and dispositions of, portfolio securities and other investments on the Funds behalf; 

c) 

monitoring the Funds investments; 

d) 

performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies; 

e) 

serving on, and exercising observer rights for, boards of directors and similar committees of the Funds
portfolio companies; 

f) 

negotiating, obtaining and managing the Funds financing facilities and other forms of leverage;

g) 

arranging, on behalf of the Fund, for services of, and overseeing/conducting relations with, transfer agents,
dividend disbursing agents, other shareholder servicing agents, underwriters, brokers and dealers and intermediaries; 

h) 

preparing materials and coordinating meetings of the Board, and the printing and dissemination of reports to
shareholders of the Fund; 

i) 

overseeing the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to the Fund by others; and

j) 

providing the Fund with such other investment advisory and related services as the Fund may, from time to time,
reasonably require for the investment of capital, which may include, without limitation: 

i) 

making, in consultation with the Funds Board, investment strategy decisions for the Fund;

ii) 

reasonably assisting the Board and the Funds other service providers with the valuation of the
Funds assets; 

iii) 

directing investment professionals of the Adviser or non-investment
professionals of the Administrator (as defined below) to provide managerial assistance to portfolio companies of the Fund as requested by the Fund, from time to time; and 

iv) 

exercising voting rights in respect of the Funds portfolio securities and other investments.

k) 

The Adviser shall, upon request by an official or agency administering the securities laws of a state (a
State Administrator), submit to such State Administrator the reports and statements required to be distributed to the Funds shareholders pursuant to Section 12(b) of this Agreement and any registration statement filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 

l) 

The Adviser has a fiduciary responsibility and duty to the Fund for the safekeeping and use of all the funds
and assets of the Fund, whether or not in the Advisers immediate possession or control. The Adviser shall not employ, or permit another to employ, such funds or assets except for the exclusive benefit of the Fund. The Adviser shall not
contract away any fiduciary obligation owed by the Adviser to the Funds shareholders under common law. 

Subject to
the supervision of the Board, the Adviser shall have the power and authority on behalf of the Fund to effectuate its investment decisions for the Fund, including the execution and delivery of all documents relating to the Funds investments and
the placing of orders for other purchase or sale transactions on behalf of the Fund and causing the Fund to pay investment-related expenses. In the event that the Fund determines to acquire debt financing, the Adviser will arrange for such financing
on the Funds behalf. If it is necessary or appropriate for the Adviser to make investments on behalf of the Fund through a special purpose vehicle, the Adviser shall have authority to create or arrange for the creation of one or more such
special purpose vehicle(s) and to make such investments through one or more such special purpose vehicle(s) in accordance with the 1940 Act. 

Subject to the prior approval of a majority of the Board, including a majority of the Board
who are not interested persons of the Fund and, to the extent required by the 1940 Act and subject to any applicable guidance or interpretation of the SEC or its staff, or by the shareholders of the Fund, as applicable, the Adviser may
obtain the services of a subadviser(s) to assist the Adviser (and together with the Adviser, the Advisers) in fulfilling its responsibilities hereunder. The Adviser, and not the Fund, shall be responsible for any compensation
payable to any subadviser. Any subadvisory agreement entered into by the Adviser shall be in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act and other applicable federal and state law. Any such subadviser(s) shall be subject to the oversight of the
Adviser and the Board, with the scope of such services and oversight to be set forth in each subadvisory agreement. The Fund acknowledges that the Adviser makes no warranty that any investments made by the Adviser hereunder will not depreciate in
value or at any time not be affected by adverse tax consequences, nor does it give any warranty as to the performance or profitability of the assets or the success of any investment strategy recommended or used by the Adviser. 

The Adviser shall for all purposes herein provided be deemed to be an independent contractor and, except as expressly provided or authorized
herein, shall have no authority to act for, represent, bind or obligate the Fund in any way or otherwise be deemed an agent of the Fund, except as specifically provided herein. 

The Adviser shall keep and preserve for the period required by the 1940 Act any books and records relevant to the provision of its investment
advisory services to the Fund and shall specifically maintain all books and records in accordance with Section 31(a) of the 1940 Act with respect to the Funds portfolio transactions and shall render to the Funds Board such periodic
and special reports as the Board may reasonably request. The Adviser agrees that all records that it maintains for the Fund are the property of the Fund and will surrender promptly to the Fund any such records upon the Funds request, provided
that the Adviser may retain a copy of such records. 

3) 

Fund Responsibilities and Expenses Payable by the Fund. In connection herewith, the Adviser agrees to
maintain a staff within its organization to furnish the above services to the Fund. The Adviser shall bear the expenses arising out of its duties hereunder, except as provided in this Section 3. Except as specifically provided below and above
in Section 2 hereof, the Fund anticipates that all investment professionals and staff of the Adviser, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory services to the Fund, and the base compensation, bonuses and benefits of such
personnel and the routine overhead expenses (including rent, office equipment and utilities) allocable to such services, will be provided and paid for by the Adviser. The Fund will bear all other costs and expenses of the Funds operations,
administration and transactions, including, but not limited to: 

a) 

investment advisory fees, including the Base Management Fee (as defined below) and Incentive Fee (as defined
below), to the Adviser, pursuant to this Agreement; 

b) 

the Funds allocable portion of compensation and other expenses incurred by First Eagle Alternative
Credit, LLC, in its capacity as administrator of the Fund (the Administrator) in performing its administrative obligations under the administration agreement between the Fund and the Administrator (the Administration
Agreement), including but not limited to: 

i) 

the Funds Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel, Head of Legal and
Compliance and their respective staffs, which may include personnel at either the Adviser or subadviser(s) who assist such officers; investor relations, legal, operations and other non-investment professionals
at the Administrator that perform duties for the Fund; and 

ii) 

any personnel of the Adviser or any of its affiliates providing
non-investment related services to the Fund; and 

c) 

all other expenses of the Funds operation, administration and transactions including, without limitation,
those relating to: 

i) 

organization and offering expenses associated with any offering and any future issuance of preferred shares
(including legal, accounting, printing, mailing, subscription processing and filing fees and expenses and other offering expenses, including costs associated with technology integration between the Funds systems and those of participating
intermediaries, reasonable bona fide due diligence expenses of participating intermediaries supported by detailed and itemized invoices, costs in connection with preparing sales materials and other marketing expenses, design and website expenses,
fees and expenses of the Funds transfer agent, fees to attend retail seminars sponsored by participating intermediaries and costs, expenses and reimbursements for travel, meals, accommodations, entertainment and other similar expenses related
to meetings or events with prospective investors, intermediaries, registered investment advisors or financial or other advisors); 

ii) 

all taxes, fees, costs, and expenses, retainers and/or other payments of accountants, legal counsel, advisors
(including tax advisors or accounting services providers), administrators, auditors (including with respect to any additional auditing required under The Directive 2011/61/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2011 on
Alternative Investment Fund Managers and any applicable legislation implemented by an EEA Member state in connection with such Directive (the AIFMD)), investment bankers, administrative agents, paying agents, depositaries,
custodians, trustees, sub-custodians, transfer agents, dividend agents, consultants (including individuals consulted through expert network consulting firms), engineers, senior advisors, industry experts,
operating partners, deal sourcers (including personnel dedicated to but not employed by the Administrator or its affiliates in the credit-focused business of First Eagle), and other professionals and service providers (including, for the avoidance
of doubt, the costs and charges allocable with respect to the provision of internal legal, tax, accounting, operations, treasury, valuation, technology or other services and professionals related thereto (including secondees and temporary personnel
or consultants that may be engaged on short- or long-term arrangements) as deemed appropriate by the Administrator, with the oversight of the Board, where such internal personnel perform services that would be paid by the Fund if outside service
providers provided the same services); fees, costs, and expenses herein include (x) costs, expenses and fees for hours spent by its in-house attorneys and tax advisors that provide legal or tax advice
and/or services to the Fund or its portfolio companies on matters related to potential or actual investments and transactions and the ongoing operations of the Fund and (y) expenses and fees to provide administrative, operational, accounting,
treasury, and valuation services to the Fund or its portfolio companies, and expenses, charges and/or related costs incurred directly by the Fund or affiliates in connection with such services, in each case, (I) that are specifically charged or
specifically allocated or attributed by the Administrator, with the oversight of the Board, to the Fund or its portfolio companies and (II) provided that any such amounts shall not be greater than what would be paid to an unaffiliated third
party for substantially similar advice and/or services of the same skill and expertise; 

iii) 

the cost of calculating the Funds net asset value, including the cost of any third-party valuation
services; 

iv) 

the cost of effecting any sales and repurchases of the Shares and other Fund securities; 

v) 

fees and expenses payable under any intermediary manager and selected intermediary agreements, if any;

vi) 

interest and fees and expenses arising out of all borrowings, guarantees and other financings or derivative and
hedging transactions (including interest, fees and related advisory and legal expenses) made or entered into by the Fund, including, but not limited to, the arranging thereof and related legal expenses; 

vii) 

all fees, costs and expenses of any loan servicers, loan agents, and other service providers and of any
custodians, lenders, investment banks and other financing sources; 

viii) 

costs incurred in connection with the formation or maintenance of entities or vehicles to hold the Funds
assets for tax or other purposes; 

ix) 

expenses, including travel, entertainment, lodging and meal expenses, incurred by the Adviser, or members of
its investment team, or payable to third parties, in identifying, sourcing, evaluating, developing, negotiating, structuring and performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies, including such expenses related to potential investments
that were not consummated, and, if necessary, enforcing the Funds rights related thereto; 

x) 

expenses (including the allocable portions of compensation and out-of-pocket expenses such as travel expenses) or an appropriate portion thereof of employees of the Adviser to the extent such expenses relate to attendance at meetings of the Board or any committees
thereof; 

xi) 

all fees, costs and expenses, if any, incurred by or on behalf of the Fund in developing, negotiating and
structuring prospective or potential investments that are not ultimately made, including, without limitation any legal, tax, administrative, accounting, travel, meals, accommodations and entertainment, advisory, consulting and printing expenses,
reverse termination fees and any liquidated damages, commitment fees that become payable in connection with any proposed investment that is not ultimately made, forfeited deposits or similar payments and, if necessary, the expenses related to
enforcing the Funds rights related to any prospective or potential investments that are not ultimately made; 

xii) 

the allocated costs incurred by the Adviser and the Administrator in providing managerial assistance to those
portfolio companies that request it; 

xiii) 

all brokerage costs, hedging costs, prime brokerage fees, custodial expenses, loan servicers, agent bank and
other bank service fees; private placement fees and expenses, commissions, appraisal fees, commitment fees and underwriting costs; costs and expenses of any lenders, investment banks and other financing sources, and other investment costs, fees and
expenses actually incurred in connection with developing, evaluating, making, holding, settling, clearing, monitoring or disposing of actual investments (including, without limitation, research, data, technology, travel, meals, accommodations and
entertainment expenses and any expenses related to attending trade association and/or industry meetings, conferences or similar meetings), any costs or expenses relating to currency conversion in the case of investments denominated in a currency
other than U.S. dollars and expenses arising out of trade settlements or loan closings (including any delayed compensation expenses); 

xiv) 

investment costs, including all fees, costs and expenses incurred in sourcing, evaluating, developing,
negotiating, structuring, trading (including trading errors), settling, monitoring and holding prospective or actual investments or investment strategies including, without limitation, any financing, legal, filing, auditing, tax, accounting,
compliance, loan agenting and administration, treasury, valuation, travel, meals, accommodations and entertainment, advisory, research, consulting, engineering, data-related and other professional fees, costs and expenses in connection therewith (to
the extent the Adviser is not reimbursed by a prospective or actual issuer of the applicable investment or other third parties or capitalized as part of the acquisition price of the transaction) and any fees, costs and expenses related to the
organization or maintenance of any vehicle through which the Fund directly or indirectly participates in the acquisition, holding and/or disposition of investments or which otherwise facilitate the Funds investment activities, including
without limitation any travel and accommodations expenses related to such vehicle and the salary and benefits of any personnel (including personnel of the Adviser or its affiliates) reasonably necessary and/or advisable for the maintenance and
operation of such vehicle, or other overhead expenses (including any fees, costs and expenses associated with the leasing of office space (which may be made with one or more affiliates of First Eagle as lessor in connection therewith));

xv) 

fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts; 

xvi) 

federal and state registration fees, franchise fees, any stock exchange listing fees and fees payable to rating
agencies; 

xvii) 

independent Trustees fees and expenses including reasonable travel, entertainment, lodging and meal
expenses, and any legal counsel or other advisors retained by, or at the discretion or for the benefit of, the independent Trustees; 

xviii) 

costs of preparing financial statements and maintaining books and records, costs of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
compliance and attestation and costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents with the SEC, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and other
regulatory bodies and other reporting and compliance costs, including registration and exchange listing costs, and the costs associated with reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and any other applicable federal and state
securities laws, and the compensation of professionals responsible for the foregoing; 

xix) 

all fees, costs and expenses associated with the preparation and issuance of the Funds periodic reports
and related statements (e.g., financial statements and tax returns) and other internal and third-party printing (including a flat service fee), publishing (including time spent performing such printing and publishing services) and reporting-related
expenses (including other notices and communications) in respect of the Fund and its activities (including internal expenses, charges and/or related costs incurred, charged or specifically attributed or allocated by the Fund or the Adviser or its
affiliates in connection with such provision of services thereby); 

xx) 

the costs of preparing and filing any registration statements, reports, prospectuses, proxy statements, other
documents required by the SEC or other notices to shareholders (including printing and mailing costs) and the costs of any shareholder or Trustee meetings; 

xxi) 

proxy voting expenses; 

xxii) 

costs of registration rights granted to certain investors; 

xxiii) 

any taxes and/or tax-related interest, fees or other governmental
charges (including any penalties incurred where the Adviser lacks sufficient information from third parties to file a timely and complete tax return) levied against the Fund and all expenses incurred in connection with any tax audit, investigation,
litigation, settlement or review of the Fund and the amount of any judgments, fines, remediation or settlements paid in connection therewith; 

xxiv) 

all fees, costs and expenses of any litigation, arbitration or audit involving the Fund, any of its vehicles or
its portfolio companies and the amount of any judgments, assessments fines, remediations or settlements paid in connection therewith; Trustees and officers liability or other insurance (including costs of title insurance) and indemnification
(including advancement of any fees, costs or expenses to persons entitled to indemnification by the Fund) or extraordinary expense or liability relating to the affairs of the Fund; 

xxv) 

all fees, costs and expenses associated with the Funds information, obtaining and maintaining technology
(including the costs of any professional service providers), hardware/software, data-acquisition and related communication costs, market and portfolio company data and research (including news and quotation equipment and services and including costs
allocated by the Advisers or its affiliates internal and third-party research group (which are generally based on time spent, assets under management, usage rates, proportionate holdings or a combination thereof or other reasonable
methods determined by the Administrator) and expenses and fees (including compensation costs) charged or specifically attributed or allocated by the Adviser and/or its affiliates for technology and data-related services noted herein that are
provided to the Fund and/or its portfolio companies (including in connection with prospective investments) such as financial spreading, each including expenses, charges, fees and/or related costs of an internal nature; provided, that any such
expenses, charges or related costs shall not be greater than what would be paid to an unaffiliated third party for substantially similar services) reporting costs (which includes notices and other communications and internally allocated charges),
and dues and expenses incurred in connection with membership in industry or trade organizations; 

xxvi) 

the costs of specialty and custom software for monitoring risk, compliance and the overall portfolio, including
any development costs incurred prior to the filing of the Funds election to be treated as a business development company; 

xxvii) 

costs associated with individual or group shareholders; 

xxviii) 

fidelity bond, trustees and officers errors and omissions liability insurance and other insurance premiums;

xxix) 

direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying and
secretarial and other staff; 

xxx) 

all fees, costs and expenses of winding up and liquidating the Funds assets; 

xxxi) 

all fees, costs and expenses related to compliance-related matters (such as developing and implementing
specific policies and procedures in order to comply with certain regulatory requirements) and regulatory filings; notices or disclosures related to the Funds activities (including, without limitation, expenses relating to the preparation and
filing of filings required under the Securities Act, TIC Form SLT filings, Internal Revenue Service filings under FATCA and FBAR reporting requirements applicable to the Fund or reports to be filed with the CFTC, reports, disclosures, filings and
notifications prepared in connection with the laws and/or regulations of jurisdictions in which the Fund engages in activities, including any notices, reports and/or filings required under the AIFMD, European Securities and Markets Authority and any
related regulations, and other regulatory filings, notices or disclosures of the Adviser relating to the Fund and its affiliates relating to the Fund, and their activities) and/or other regulatory filings, notices or disclosures of the Adviser and
its affiliates relating to the Fund including those pursuant to applicable disclosure laws and expenses relating to FOIA requests, but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any expenses incurred for general compliance and regulatory matters that
are not related to the Fund and its activities; 

xxxii) 

costs and expenses (including travel) in connection with the diligence and oversight of the Funds service
providers; 

xxxiii) 

costs and expenses, including travel, meals, accommodations, entertainment and other similar expenses, incurred
by the Adviser or its affiliates for meetings with existing investors and any intermediaries, registered investment advisors, financial and other advisors representing such existing investors; and 

xxxiv) 

all other expenses incurred by the Administrator in connection with administering the Funds business;
provided however, that in the event the Fund adopts a distribution and shareholder servicing plan adopted pursuant to Rule 12b-1 under the 1940 Act (the Distribution and Shareholder Servicing
Plan), any payments made by the Fund for activities primarily intended to result in the sale of Shares will be paid pursuant to the Distribution and Shareholder Servicing Plan. 

Reimbursement. In addition to the compensation paid to the Adviser pursuant to Section 11, the Fund shall reimburse the
Adviser for all expenses of the Fund incurred by the Adviser as well as the actual cost of goods and services used for or by the Fund and obtained from entities not affiliated with the Adviser. The Adviser or its affiliates may be reimbursed for the
administrative services performed by it or such affiliates on behalf of the Fund pursuant to any separate administration or co-administration agreement with the Adviser; however, no reimbursement shall be
permitted for services for which the Adviser is entitled to compensation by way of a separate fee. Excluded from the allowable reimbursement shall be: 

1) 

rent or depreciation, utilities, capital equipment, and other administrative items of the Adviser; and

2) 

salaries, fringe benefits, travel expenses and other administrative items incurred or allocated to any
Controlling Person of the Adviser. The term Controlling Person shall mean a person, whatever his or her title, who performs functions for the Adviser similar to those of (a) the chairman or other member of a board of directors,
(b) executive officers or (c) those holding 10% or more equity interest in the Adviser, or a person having the power to direct or cause the direction of the Adviser, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise. 

From time to time, the Adviser, the Administrator or their affiliates may pay third-party providers of goods
or services. The Fund will reimburse the Adviser, the Administrator or such affiliates thereof for any such amounts paid on the Funds behalf. From time to time, the Adviser or the Administrator may defer or waive fees and/or rights to be
reimbursed for expenses. All of the foregoing expenses will ultimately be borne by the Funds shareholders. 

4) 

Transactions with Affiliates. The Adviser is authorized on behalf of the Fund, from time to time when
deemed to be in the best interests of the Fund and to the extent permitted by applicable law, to purchase and/or sell securities in which the Adviser or any of its affiliates underwrites, deals in and/or makes a market and/or may perform or seek to
perform investment banking services for issuers of such securities. The Adviser is further authorized, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to select brokers (including any brokers affiliated with the Adviser) for the execution of trades for
the Fund. 

5) 

Best Execution; Research Services. 

a) 

The Adviser is authorized, for the purchase and sale of the Funds portfolio securities, to employ such
dealers and brokers as may, in the judgment of the Adviser, implement the policy of the Fund to obtain the best results, taking into account such factors as price, including dealer spread, the size, type and difficulty of the transaction involved,
the firms general execution and operational facilities and the firms risk in positioning the securities involved. Consistent with this policy, the Adviser is authorized to direct the execution of the Funds portfolio transactions to
dealers and brokers furnishing statistical information or research deemed by the Adviser to be useful or valuable to the performance of its investment advisory functions for the Fund. It is understood that in these circumstances, as contemplated by
Section 28(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), the commissions paid may be higher than those which the Fund might otherwise have paid to another broker if those services had not been
provided. Information so received will be in addition to and not in lieu of the services required to be performed by the Adviser. It is understood that the expenses of the Adviser will not necessarily be reduced as a result of the receipt of such
information or research. Research services furnished to the Adviser by brokers who effect securities transactions for the Fund may be used by the Adviser in servicing other investment companies, entities or funds and accounts which it manages.
Similarly, research services furnished to the Adviser by brokers who effect securities transactions for other investment companies, entities or funds and accounts which the Adviser manages may be used by the Adviser in servicing the Fund. It is
understood that not all of these research services are used by the Adviser in managing any particular account, including the Fund. 

b) 

On occasions when the Adviser deems the purchase or sale of a security or other instruments to be in the best
interest of the Fund as well as other clients, the Adviser, to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations, may, but shall be under no obligation to, aggregate the securities or other instruments to be so sold or purchased in order to
obtain the most favorable price or lower brokerage commissions and efficient execution. In such event, allocation of the securities or other instruments so purchased or sold, as well as the expenses incurred in the transaction, will be made by the
Adviser in the manner it considers to be the most equitable and consistent with its fiduciary obligations to the Fund and to such other clients. 

c) 

Excess Brokerage Commissions. The Adviser is hereby authorized, to the fullest extent now or hereafter
permitted by law, to cause the Fund to pay a member of a national securities exchange, broker or dealer an amount of commission for effecting a securities transaction in excess of the amount of commission another member of such exchange, broker or
dealer would have charged for effecting that transaction, if the Adviser determines in good faith, taking into account such factors as price (including the applicable brokerage commission or dealer spread), size of order, difficulty of execution,
and operational facilities of the firm and the firms risk and skill in positioning blocks of securities, that such amount of commission is reasonable in relation to the value of the brokerage and/or research services provided by such member,
broker or dealer, viewed in terms of either that particular transaction or its overall responsibilities with respect to the Funds portfolio, and constitutes the best net results for the Fund. 

d) 

All Front End Fees (as defined in the Funds Amended and Restated Agreement and Declaration of Trust (the
Declaration of Trust)) shall be reasonable and shall not exceed 18% of the gross proceeds of any offering, regardless of the source of payment and the percentage of gross proceeds of any offering committed to investment shall be
at least eighty-two percent (82%). All items of compensation to underwriters or dealers, including, but not limited to, selling commissions, expenses, rights of first refusal, consulting fees, finders
fees and all other items of compensation of any kind or description paid by the Fund, directly or indirectly, shall be taken into consideration in computing the amount of allowable Front End Fees. 

6) 

Services Not Deemed Exclusive. The Fund and the Board acknowledge and agree that: 

a) 

the investment advisory services provided by the Adviser hereunder are not to be deemed exclusive, and the
Adviser and any of its affiliates or related persons shall be free to render similar services to others and to use the research developed in connection with this Agreement for other Advisory Clients or affiliates. The Fund agrees that the Adviser
may give advice and take action with respect to any of its other Advisory Clients which may differ from advice given or the timing or nature of action taken with respect to any client or account so long as it is the Advisers policy, to the
extent practicable, to allocate investment opportunities to the client or account on a fair and equitable basis relative to its other Advisory Clients. It is understood that the Adviser shall not have any obligation to recommend for purchase or sale
any loans which its principals, affiliates or employees may purchase or sell for its or their own accounts or for any other client or account if, in the opinion of the Adviser, such transaction or investment appears unsuitable, impractical or
undesirable for the Fund. Nothing herein shall be construed as constituting the Adviser an agent of the Fund; and 

b) 

the Adviser and its affiliates may face conflicts of interest as described in the Funds Registration
Statement and/or the Funds periodic filings with the SEC (as such disclosures may be updated from time to time) and such disclosures have been provided, and any updates will be provided, to the Board in connection with its consideration of
this Agreement and any future renewal of this Agreement. 

7) 

Responsibility of Dual Directors, Officers and/or Employees. If any person is a manager, partner,
officer or employee of the Adviser or the Administrator or becomes a director, officer and/or employee of the Fund and acts as such in any business of the Fund, then such manager, partner, officer and/or employee of the Adviser or the Administrator
shall be deemed to be acting in such capacity solely for the Fund, and not as a manager, partner, officer or employee of the Adviser or the Administrator or under the control or direction of the Adviser or the Administrator, even if paid by the
Adviser or the Administrator. 

8) 

Additional Compensation. Nothing herein shall prohibit the Board from approving the payment by the Fund
of additional compensation to others for consulting services, supplemental research and security and economic analysis. 

9) 

The Adviser shall authorize and permit any of its directors, officers and employees who may be elected as
trustees or officers of the Fund to serve in the capacities in which they are elected. 

10) 

Services to be furnished by the Adviser under this Agreement may be furnished through the medium of any of such
directors, officers or employees. 

11) 

The Fund agrees to pay, and the Adviser agrees to accept, as compensation for the services provided by the
Adviser hereunder, a base management fee (Base Management Fee) and an incentive fee (Incentive Fee) as hereinafter set forth. The Fund shall make any payments due hereunder to the Adviser or to the
Advisers designee as the Adviser may otherwise direct. 

a) 

Base Management Fee. The Base Management Fee is payable monthly in arrears at an annual rate of 1.25% of
the value of Funds net assets as of the beginning of the first business day of the month. For the first calendar month in which the Fund has operations, net assets will be measured as the beginning net assets as of the date on which the Fund
begins operations. For purposes of this Agreement, net assets means our total assets less liabilities determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP).

b) 

Incentive Fee. The Incentive Fee will consist of two components that are independent of each other, with
the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. A portion of the Incentive Fee is based on a percentage of the Funds income and a portion is based on a percentage of the Funds capital gains, each as described
below. 

i) 

Incentive Fee on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income. The
portion based on the Funds income is based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns. 

1) 

Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns means, as
the context requires, either the dollar value of, or percentage rate of return on, the value of the Funds net assets at the end of the immediate preceding quarter from interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other
fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Fund receives from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus the Funds operating expenses accrued for the quarter
(including the Base Management Fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement, and any interest expense or fees on any credit facilities or outstanding debt and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred shares, but excluding
the Incentive Fee and any distribution or shareholder servicing fees). 

2) 

Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns include, in the case of
investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with pay-in-kind interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income
that the Fund has not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns do not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or
depreciation. The impact of expense support payments and recoupments are also excluded from Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns. 

3) 

Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, expressed as a rate of
return on the value of the Funds net assets at the end of the immediate preceding quarter, is compared to a hurdle rate of return of 1.25% per quarter (5.0% annualized). The Fund will pay the Adviser an incentive fee quarterly in
arrears with respect to the Funds Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in each calendar quarter as follows: 

a) 

no Incentive Fee based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income
Returns in any calendar quarter in which the Funds Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns do not exceed the hurdle rate of 1.25%; 

b) 

100% of the dollar amount of the Funds Pre-Incentive Fee Net
Investment Income Returns with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than a rate of return of 1.43% (5.72%
annualized). This portion of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 1.43%) is referred to as the
catch-up; and 

c) 

12.5% of the dollar amount of the Funds Pre-Incentive Fee Net
Investment Income Returns, if any, that exceed a rate of return of 1.43% (5.72% annualized). 

4) 

These calculations are pro-rated for any period of less than three
months an adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the relevant quarter. 

ii) 

Incentive Fee Based on Capital Gains. The second component of the Incentive Fee, the Capital Gains
Incentive Fee, is payable at the end of each calendar year in arrears. 

1) 

The amount payable equals: 

a) 

12.5% of cumulative realized capital gains from inception through the end of such calendar year, computed net
of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid Incentive Fee on capital gains as calculated in accordance with GAAP. 

c) 

Each year, the fee paid for the Capital Gains Incentive Fee is net of the aggregate amount of any previously
paid Capital Gains Incentive Fee for all prior periods. The Fund will accrue, but will not pay, a Capital Gains Incentive Fee with respect to unrealized appreciation because a Capital Gains Incentive Fee would be owed to the Adviser if the Fund were
to sell the relevant investment and realize a capital gain. In no event will the Capital Gains Incentive Fee payable pursuant to this Agreement be in excess of the amount permitted by the Advisers Act, including Section 205 thereof.

d) 

The fees that are payable under this Agreement for any partial period will be appropriately prorated.

12) 

Representations and Warranties. 

a) 

The Adviser represents and warrants that it is duly registered and authorized as an investment adviser under
the Advisers Act, and the Adviser agrees to maintain effective all material requisite registrations, authorizations and licenses, as the case may be, until the termination of this Agreement. 

b) 

The Adviser shall prepare or shall cause to be prepared and distributed to shareholders during each year the
following reports of the Fund (either included in a periodic report filed with the SEC or distributed in a separate report) (i) within sixty (60) days of the end of each quarter, a report containing the same financial information contained
in the Funds Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Fund under the Exchange Act and (ii) within one hundred and twenty (120) days after the end of the Funds fiscal year, (a) an
annual report that shall include financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP which are audited and reported on by independent certified public accountants; (b) a report of the material activities of the Fund during the period
covered by the report; (c) where forecasts have been provided to the Funds shareholders, a table comparing the forecasts previously provided with the actual results during the period covered by the report; and (d) a report setting
forth distributions to the Funds shareholders for the period covered thereby and separately identifying distributions from: (A) cash flow from operations during the period; (B) cash flow from operations during a prior period which
have been held as reserves; (C) proceeds from disposition of assets; and (D) reserves from the gross proceeds of the Funds offering. 

c) 

From time to time and not less than quarterly, the Fund shall cause the Adviser to review the Funds
accounts to determine whether cash distributions are appropriate. The Fund may, subject to authorization by the Board, distribute pro rata to the Funds shareholders funds which the Board deems unnecessary to retain in the Fund. The Board may
from time to time authorize the Fund to declare and pay to the Funds shareholders such dividends or other distributions, in cash or other assets of the Fund or in securities of the Fund, including in Shares of one class or series payable to
the holders of the Shares of another class or series, or from any other source as the Board in its discretion shall determine. Any such cash distributions to the Adviser shall be made only in conjunction with distributions to shareholders and only
out of funds properly allocated to the Advisers account. All such cash distributions shall be made only out of funds legally available therefor pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended from time to time.

d) 

The Adviser shall, in its sole discretion, temporarily place proceeds from offerings by the Fund of its equity
securities into short-term, highly liquid investments which, in its reasonable judgment, afford appropriate safety of principal during such time as it is determining the composition and allocation of the portfolio of the Fund and the nature, timing
and implementation of any changes thereto pursuant to Section 2 of the this Agreement; provided however, that the Adviser shall be under no fiduciary obligation to select any such short-term, highly liquid investment based solely on any yield
or return of such investment. The Adviser shall cause any proceeds of the Public Offering of Fund securities not committed for investment within the later of two years from the date of effectiveness of the Registration Statement or one year from
termination of the Public Offering, unless a longer period is permitted by the applicable State Administrator, to be paid as a distribution to the shareholders of the Fund as a return of capital without deduction of a sales load.

13) 

Limitation of Liability of the Adviser; Indemnification. 

a) 

The Adviser and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other
person or entity affiliated with it (the Indemnified Parties) shall not be liable for any error of judgment or mistake of law or for any act or omission or any loss suffered by the Fund in connection with the matters to which this
Agreement relates, provided that the Adviser shall not be protected against any liability to the Fund or its shareholders to which the Adviser would otherwise be subject by reason of bad faith, negligence, willful misfeasance or misconduct on its
part, or its violation of its fiduciary duty, in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations (disabling conduct). An Indemnified Party may consult with counsel and accountants
in respect of the Funds affairs and shall be fully protected and justified in any action or inaction which is taken in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel and accountants; provided, that such counsel or accountants were
selected with reasonable care. Absent disabling conduct, the Fund will indemnify the Indemnified Parties against, and hold them harmless from, any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts
reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of the Advisers services under this Agreement or otherwise as adviser for the Fund. The Indemnified Parties shall not be liable under this Agreement or otherwise for any loss due to the
mistake, action, inaction, negligence, dishonesty, fraud or bad faith of any broker or other agent; provided, that such broker or other agent shall have been selected, engaged or retained and monitored by the Adviser in good faith, unless such
action or inaction was made by reason of disabling conduct, or in the case of a criminal action or proceeding, where the Adviser had reasonable cause to believe its conduct was unlawful. 

Indemnification shall be made only following: (i) a final decision on the merits by a
court or other body before which the proceeding was brought that the Indemnified Party was not liable by reason of disabling conduct or (ii) in the absence of such a decision, a reasonable determination, based upon a review of the facts, that
the Indemnified Party was not liable by reason of disabling conduct by (a) the vote of a majority of a quorum of Trustees of the Fund who are neither interested persons of the Fund nor parties to the proceeding
(disinterested non-party trustees) or (b) an independent legal counsel in a written opinion. 

An Indemnified Party shall be entitled to advances from the Fund for payment of the reasonable expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and
expenses) incurred by it in connection with the matter as to which it is seeking indemnification in the manner and to the fullest extent permissible under law. Prior to any such advance, the Indemnified Party shall provide to the Fund a written
affirmation of its good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Fund has been met and a written undertaking to repay any such advance if it should ultimately be determined that the standard of conduct has not
been met. In addition, at least one of the following additional conditions shall be met: (a) the Indemnified Party shall provide a security in form and amount acceptable to the Fund for its undertaking; (b) the Fund is insured against
losses arising by reason of the advance; or (c) a majority of a quorum of disinterested non-party Trustees or independent legal counsel, in a written opinion, shall have determined, based on a review of
facts readily available to the Fund at the time the advance is proposed to be made, that there is reason to believe that the Indemnified Party will ultimately be found to be entitled to indemnification. 

b) 

Notwithstanding Section 13(a) to the contrary, the Fund shall not provide for indemnification of an
Indemnified Party for any liability or loss suffered by an Indemnified Party, nor shall the Fund provide that any of the Indemnified Parties be held harmless for any loss or liability suffered by the Fund, unless all of the following conditions are
met: 

i) 

the Fund has determined, in good faith, that the course of conduct that caused the loss or liability was in the
best interests of the Fund; 

ii) 

the Fund has determined, in good faith, that the Indemnified Party was acting on behalf of or performing
services for the Fund; 

iii) 

the Fund has determined, in good faith, that such liability or loss was not the result of (A) negligence,
willful misfeasance or misconduct, in the case that the Indemnified Party is the Adviser or an Affiliate (as defined in the Declaration of Trust) of the Adviser, or (B) gross negligence, willful misfeasance or willful misconduct, in the case
that the Indemnified Party is a director of the Fund who is not also an officer of the Fund or the Adviser or an Affiliate of the Adviser; and 

iv) 

such indemnification or agreement to hold harmless is recoverable only out of the Funds net assets and
not from the Fund shareholders. 

v) 

Furthermore, the Indemnified Party shall not be indemnified for any losses, liabilities or expenses arising
from or out of an alleged violation of federal or state securities laws by such party unless one or more of the following conditions are met: 

1) 

there has been a successful adjudication on the merits of each count involving alleged material securities law
violations as to the Indemnified Party; 

2) 

such claims have been dismissed with prejudice on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction as to the
Indemnified Party; or 

3) 

a court of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of the claims against the Indemnified Party and finds
that indemnification of the settlement and the related costs should be made, and the court considering the request for indemnification has been advised of the position of the SEC and of the published position of any state securities regulatory
authority in which Shares were offered or sold as to indemnification for violations of securities laws. 

c) 

The Fund may pay or reimburse reasonable legal expenses and other costs incurred by the Indemnified Party in
advance of final disposition of a proceeding only if all of the following are satisfied: 

i) 

the proceeding relates to acts or omissions with respect to the performance of duties or services on behalf of
the Fund; 

ii) 

the Indemnified Party provides the Fund with written affirmation of such Indemnified Partys good faith
belief that the Indemnified Party has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Fund; 

iii) 

the legal proceeding was initiated by a third party who is not a Fund shareholder, or, if by a Fund shareholder
acting in his or her capacity as such, a court of competent jurisdiction approves such advancement; and 

iv) 

the Indemnified Party provides the Fund with a written agreement to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the
Fund, together with the applicable legal rate of interest thereon, if it is ultimately determined that the Indemnified Party did not comply with the requisite standard of conduct and is not entitled to indemnification. 

14) 

Effectiveness, Duration and Termination of Agreement. 

a) 

This Agreement shall become effective as of the date hereof; provided, however, that this Agreement may be
terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, on 60 days written notice by the Fund, by the Board or by vote of a majority of the outstanding voting interests (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund, or on not less than 120
days written notice by the Adviser to the Fund. The provisions of Section 13 of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and the Adviser shall remain entitled to the benefits thereof, notwithstanding any termination of this
Agreement. Further, notwithstanding the termination or expiration of this Agreement as aforesaid, the Adviser shall be entitled to any amounts owed under Sections 3 or 11 through the date of termination or expiration. The payment of such amounts
must be fair and protect the solvency and liquidity of the Fund. When the termination is voluntary, the method of payment will be presumed to be fair if it provides for a non-interest bearing unsecured
promissory note with principal payable, if at all, from distributions which the terminated Adviser otherwise would have received under Sections 3 or 11 had the Adviser not been terminated. When the termination is involuntary, the method of payment
will be presumed to be fair if it provides for an interest bearing promissory note maturing in not more than five years with equal installment each year. If the Fund continues its operations following the termination of this Agreement by the
Adviser, the Adviser shall pay all expenses incurred as a result of its withdrawal. Notwithstanding the termination or expiration of this Agreement as aforesaid, Section 13 shall continue in force and effect and apply to the Adviser and its
representatives as and to the extent applicable. 

b) 

This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, or to the extent consistent with
the requirements of the 1940 Act, from the date of the Funds election to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically
approved at least annually by (i) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (ii) the vote of a majority of the Funds Board who are not parties to this Agreement or
interested persons (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act. 

c) 

This Agreement shall terminate automatically in the event of its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act) by the
Adviser. 

d) 

After the termination of this Agreement, the Adviser shall not be entitled to compensation for further services
provided hereunder, except that it shall be entitled to receive from the Fund within 30 days after the effective date of such termination all unpaid reimbursements and all earned but unpaid fees payable to the Adviser prior to termination of this
Agreement, including any deferred fees. The Adviser shall promptly upon termination: 

i) 

Deliver to the Board a full accounting, including a statement showing all payments collected by it and a
statement of all money held by it, covering the period following the date of the last accounting furnished to the Board; 

ii) 

Deliver to the Board all assets and documents of the Fund then in custody of the Adviser; and

iii) 

Cooperate with the Fund to provide an orderly management transition. 

e) 

Without the approval of holders of a majority of the Shares entitled to vote on the matter, or such other
approval as may be required under the mandatory provisions of any applicable laws or regulations, or other provisions of the Declaration of Trust, the Adviser shall not: (i) modify this Agreement except for amendments that do not adversely
affect the rights of the shareholders; (ii) appoint a new Adviser (other than a subadviser pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and applicable law); (iii) sell all or substantially all of the Funds assets other than in the ordinary
course of the Funds business; (iv) cause the merger or other reorganization of the Fund; or (v) voluntarily withdraw as the Adviser unless such withdrawal would not affect the tax status of the Fund and would not materially adversely
affect the shareholders. 

f) 

The Fund may terminate the Advisers interest in the Funds revenues, expenses, income, losses,
distributions and capital by payment of an amount equal to the then present fair market value of the terminated Advisers interest, determined by agreement of the terminated Adviser and the Fund. If the Fund and the Adviser cannot agree upon
such amount, the parties will submit to binding arbitration which cost will be borne equally by the Adviser and the Fund. The method of payment to the terminated Adviser must be fair and must protect the solvency and liquidity of the Fund.

15) 

Conflicts of Interest and Prohibited Activities. 

a) 

The Adviser is not hereby granted or entitled to an exclusive right to sell or exclusive employment to sell
assets for the Fund. 

b) 

The Adviser shall not: (i) receive or accept any rebate, give-up
or similar arrangement that is prohibited under applicable federal or state securities laws, including the Omnibus Guidelines; (ii) participate in any reciprocal business arrangement that would circumvent provisions of applicable federal or
state securities laws, including the Omnibus Guidelines, governing conflicts of interest or investment restrictions; or (iii) enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding that would circumvent the restrictions against dealing with
affiliates or promoters under applicable federal or state securities laws, including the Omnibus Guidelines. 

c) 

The Adviser shall not directly or indirectly pay or award any fees or commissions or other compensation to any
person engaged to sell Shares or give investment advice to a potential shareholder; provided, however, that this subsection shall not prohibit the payment to a registered broker-dealer or other properly licensed agent of sales commissions or other
compensation (including cash compensation and non-cash compensation (as such terms are defined under FINRA Rule 2310)) for selling or distributing Shares, including out of the Advisers own assets,
including those amounts paid to the Adviser under this Agreement. 

d) 

The Adviser covenants that it shall not permit or cause to be permitted the Funds funds to be commingled
with the funds of any other person and the Funds funds will be protected from the claims of affiliated companies. 

16) 

Access to Shareholder List. 

a) 

If a shareholder requests a copy of the Shareholder List pursuant to Section 11.3 of the Funds
Declaration of Trust, as may be amended from time to time, or any successor provision thereto (the Declaration Shareholder List Provision), the Adviser is hereby authorized to request a copy of the Shareholder List from the
Funds transfer agent and send a copy of the Shareholder List to any shareholder so requesting in accordance with the Declaration Shareholder List Provision. The Adviser and the Board shall be liable to any shareholder requesting the list for
the costs, including attorneys fees, incurred by that shareholder for compelling the production of the Shareholder List, and for actual damages suffered by any shareholder by reason of such refusal or neglect. It shall be a defense that the
actual purpose and reason for the requests for inspection or for a copy of the Shareholder List is to secure such list of shareholder or other information for the purpose of selling such list or copies thereof, or of using the same for a commercial
purpose other than in the interest of the applicant as a shareholder relative to the affairs of the Fund. 

17) 

Amendments. This Agreement may be amended by mutual written consent, but the consent of the Fund must be
obtained in conformity with the requirements of the 1940 Act. 

18) 

Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties with respect to
the subject matter hereof. 

19) 

Notices. Any notice or other communication required to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be
deemed duly given if delivered or mailed by registered mail, postage prepaid, (1) to the Adviser at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10105, Attention: General Counsel; or (2) to the Fund at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York,
NY 10105, Attention: Head of Legal and Compliance. 

20) 

Third Party Beneficiaries. Except for the Indemnified Parties (with respect to Section 13 hereof)
each being an intended beneficiary of the applicable sections of this Agreement, this Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and nothing herein express or implied will give or be construed to give to any person, other than the
parties hereto, any legal or equitable rights hereunder. 

21) 

Severability. If any provision of this Agreement, or the application of any provision to any person or
circumstance, shall be held to be inconsistent with any present or future law, ruling, rule or regulation of any court or governmental or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the subject matter hereof, such provision shall be deemed to be
rescinded or modified in accordance with such law, ruling, rule or regulation, and the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it shall be held inconsistent, shall
not be affected thereby. 

22) 

Counterparts; Headings. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed to
be an original copy and all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument binding on all parties hereto, notwithstanding that all parties will not have signed the same counterpart. The headings contained in this Agreement are
intended solely for convenience and shall not affect the rights of the parties to this Agreement. 

23) 

Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
State of Delaware. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, this Agreement shall not be construed to require, or to impose any duty upon, either of the parties to do anything in violation of any applicable laws or regulations.

For so long as the Fund is a registered investment company under the 1940 Act, this Agreement will also be construed in
accordance with the applicable provisions of the 1940 Act and the Advisers Act. In such case, to the extent the applicable laws of the State of Delaware or any of the provisions herein conflict with the provisions of the 1940 Act or the Advisers
Act, the 1940 Act and the Advisers Act will control. 

24) 

Use of Name. 

a) 

The Fund may use the name First Eagle in connection with the name of the Fund or any variant
thereof, only for so long as this Agreement or any extension, renewal or amendment hereof remain in effect, including any similar agreement with any organization which shall have succeeded to the Advisers business as investment adviser, or any
extension, renewal or amendment thereof, remains in effect. At such time as such Agreement shall no longer be in effect, the Fund will (to the extent that it lawfully can) cease to use such a name or any other name indicating that it is advised by,
managed by or otherwise connected with the Adviser, or any organization which shall have so succeeded to such businesses. In no event shall the Fund use the names First Eagle Investment Management, or any variant thereof if the
Advisers functions are transferred or assigned to a company that is not controlled by or under common control with First Eagle Investment Management, LLC. In the event that such Agreement shall no longer be in effect or the Advisers
functions are transferred or assigned to a company that is not controlled by or under common control with First Eagle Investment Management, LLC, the Fund shall use its best efforts to legally change its name by filing the required documentation
with appropriate state and federal agencies. 

b) 

During the term of this Agreement, the Fund agrees to furnish the Adviser at its principal office all
prospectuses, proxy statements, reports to shareholders, sales literature, or other material prepared for distribution to shareholders of the Fund or the public, which refer to the Adviser in any way, prior to use thereof and not to use such
material if the Adviser reasonably objects in writing within five (5) business days (or such other time as may be mutually agreed) after receipt thereof. The Fund shall furnish or otherwise make available to the Adviser such other information
relating to the business affairs of the Fund as the Adviser at any time, or from time to time, reasonably requests in order to discharge its obligations hereunder. 

c) 

In the event of termination of this Agreement, the Fund will continue to furnish to the Adviser copies of any
of the above-mentioned materials which refer in any way to the Adviser. Sales literature may be furnished to the Adviser hereunder by first class or overnight mail, facsimile transmission equipment or hand delivery. 

25) 

Advising Other Clients on Fund Shares. If any occasion should arise in which the Adviser gives any
advice to its clients concerning the Shares of the Fund, the Adviser will act solely as investment counsel for such clients and not in any way on behalf of the Fund except to the extent that the Adviser is acting as principal underwriter of the
Shares of the Fund. In connection with purchases or sales of portfolio securities for the account of the Fund, neither the Adviser nor any of its directors, officers or employees will act as a principal. 

26) 

Survival. The provisions of Sections 11, 13, 14, 17, 19, 20, 22, 23, 24(c) and this 26 hereof shall
survive the termination of this Agreement. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this instrument to be executed by their
officers designated below as of the day and year first above written. 

FIRST EAGLE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND

By: /s/ David OConnor

Name: David OConnor

Title: Head of Legal & Compliance

FIRST EAGLE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, LLC

By: /s/ David OConnor

Name: David OConnor

Title: General Counsel and Head of Legal & Compliance

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d890166dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

FIRST EAGLE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 

AMENDED AND RESTATED SUBADVISORY AGREEMENT 

This Amended and Restated Subadvisory Agreement (this Agreement) is dated and effective as of March 11, 2025 by and among
First Eagle Private Credit Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (the Fund), First Eagle Investment Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Adviser), and First Eagle Alternative Credit, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company (the Subadviser and, together with the Adviser, the Advisers). 

WHEREAS, the Fund and the Subadviser are parties to that Subadvisory Agreement, dated March 30, 2023, by and between the Fund and the
Subadviser (the Prior Agreement); 

WHEREAS, the Fund and the Subadviser desire to amend and restate the Prior Agreement
in order to remove certain provisions that limit the applicability of certain provisions prior to the qualification of the Common Shares (as defined herein and in the Prior Agreement) as Covered Securities (as defined herein and in the Prior
Agreement), clarify applicability of certain provisions of the North American Securities Administrators Association (NASAA) Omnibus Guidelines and make certain other immaterial changes; and 

WHEREAS, the foregoing changes will not result in any increase in fees charged to the Fund and will not affect the quality and level of
service to be provided by the Subadviser to the Fund. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows: 

1) 

Appointment of the Subadviser. The Adviser hereby retains and appoints the Subadviser to provide the
services set forth herein and the Subadviser hereby accepts the retention and appointment and agrees to provide such services for the period and upon the terms herein. 

2) 

Services to be Provided by the Subadviser. In connection with its obligations hereunder, the Subadviser
shall, subject to the supervision of the Adviser and the board of trustees of the Fund (the Board, and each member thereof, a Trustee), furnish investment advisory services, including the purchase, retention and
disposition of the Funds investments, in accordance with (i) the Funds investment objective, policies and restrictions as stated in the Funds registration statement on Form N-2, as
amended from time to time (the Registration Statement), (ii) in accordance with the 1940 Act and (iii) in accordance with all other applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations, and the Funds Declaration of
Trust (as defined below) and bylaws. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Subadviser hereby undertakes and agrees, upon the terms and conditions herein set forth, to provide overall investment advisory services for the Fund and, in
connection therewith, agrees to render the following services: 

a) 

determining the composition of the Funds portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to the
Funds portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes in accordance with the Funds investment objective, policies and restrictions; 

b) 

identifying investment opportunities and making investment decisions for the Fund, including negotiating the
terms of investments in, and dispositions of, portfolio securities and other investments on the Funds behalf; 

c) 

monitoring the Funds investments; 

d) 

performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies; 

e) 

exercising voting rights in respect of portfolio securities and other investments for the Fund;

f) 

serving on, and exercising observer rights for, boards of directors and similar committees of the Funds
portfolio companies; 

g) 

negotiating, obtaining and managing the Funds financing facilities and other forms of leverage; and

h) 

providing the Fund with such other investment advisory and related services as the Fund may, from time to time,
reasonably require for the investment of capital, which may include, without limitation: 

i) 

making, in consultation with the Funds Board, investment strategy decisions for the Fund;

ii) 

reasonably assisting the Board and the Funds other service providers with the valuation of the
Funds assets; and 

iii) 

directing investment professionals of the Subadviser or non-investment
professionals of the Administrator (as defined below) to provide managerial assistance to portfolio companies of the Fund as requested by the Fund, from time to time. 

i) 

The Subadviser shall, upon request by an official or agency administering the securities laws of a state (a
State Administrator), submit to such State Administrator the reports and statements required to be distributed to the Funds shareholders pursuant to Section 9(b) of this Agreement and any registration statement filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 

j) 

The Subadviser has a fiduciary responsibility and duty to the Fund for the safekeeping and use of all the funds
and assets of the Fund, whether or not in the Subadvisers immediate possession or control. The Subadviser shall not employ, or permit another to employ, such funds or assets except for the exclusive benefit of the Fund. The Subadviser shall
not contract away any fiduciary obligation owed by the Subadviser to the Funds shareholders under common law. 

Subject to the supervision of the Adviser and the Board, the Subadviser shall have the power and authority on behalf of the
Fund to effectuate its investment decisions for the Fund, including the execution and delivery of all documents relating to the Funds investments and the placing of orders for other purchase or sale transactions on behalf of the Fund and
causing the Fund to pay investment-related expenses. In the event that the Fund determines to acquire debt financing, the Subadviser will arrange for such financing on the Funds behalf. If it is necessary or appropriate for the Subadviser to
make investments on behalf of the Fund through a special purpose vehicle, the Subadviser shall have authority to create or arrange for the creation of one or more such special purpose vehicle(s) and to make such investments through one or more such
special purpose vehicle(s) in accordance with the 1940 Act. 

The Subadviser hereby accepts such employment and agrees
during the term hereof to render the services described herein for the compensation provided herein. 

The Adviser
acknowledges that the Subadviser makes no warranty that any investments made by the Subadviser hereunder will not depreciate in value or at any time not be affected by adverse tax consequences, nor does it give any warranty as to the performance or
profitability of the assets or the success of any investment strategy recommended or used by the Subadviser. 

2 

The Subadviser shall for all purposes herein provided be deemed to be an
independent contractor and, except as expressly provided or authorized herein, shall have no authority to act for, represent, bind or obligate the Adviser or the Fund in any way or otherwise be deemed an agent of the Fund, except as specifically
provided herein. 

The Subadviser shall keep and preserve for the period required by the 1940 Act any books and records
relevant to the provision of its investment advisory services to the Fund and shall specifically maintain all books and records in accordance with Section 31(a) of the 1940 Act with respect to the Funds portfolio transactions and shall
render to the Funds Board such periodic and special reports as the Board may reasonably request. The Subadviser agrees that all records that it maintains for the Fund are the property of the Fund and will surrender promptly to the Fund any
such records upon the Funds request, provided that the Subadviser may retain a copy of such records. 

3) 

Adviser Responsibilities and Expenses Payable by the Adviser. In connection herewith, the Subadviser
agrees to maintain a staff within its organization to furnish the above services to the Adviser and the Fund. The Subadviser shall bear the expenses arising out of its duties hereunder, except as provided in this Section 3. Except as
specifically provided below and above in Section 2 hereof, the Fund and Adviser anticipate that all investment professionals and staff of the Subadviser, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory services to the Fund, and
the base compensation, bonuses and benefits of such personnel and the routine overhead expenses (including rent, office equipment and utilities) allocable to such services, will be provided and paid for by the Subadviser. The Fund will bear all
other costs and expenses of the Funds operations, administration and transactions, including, but not limited to: 

a) 

investment advisory fees, including the Base Management Fee and Incentive Fee, to the Adviser, both as defined
in, and pursuant to, the Advisory Agreement; 

b) 

the Funds allocable portion of compensation and other expenses incurred by First Eagle Alternative
Credit, LLC, in its capacity as administrator of the Fund (the Administrator) in performing its administrative obligations under the administration agreement between the Fund and the Administrator (the Administration
Agreement), including but not limited to: 

i) 

the Funds Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel, Head of Legal and
Compliance and their respective staffs, which may include personnel at either the Adviser or Subadviser who assist such officers; investor relations, legal, operations and other non-investment professionals at
the Administrator that perform duties for the Fund; and 

ii) 

any personnel of the Subadviser or any of its affiliates providing
non-investment related services to the Fund; and 

c) 

all other expenses of the Funds operation, administration and transactions including, without limitation,
those relating to: 

i) 

organization and offering expenses associated with any offering and any future issuance of preferred shares
(including legal, accounting, printing, mailing, subscription processing and filing fees and expenses and other offering expenses, including costs associated with technology integration between the Funds systems and those of participating
intermediaries, reasonable bona fide due diligence expenses of participating intermediaries supported by 

3 

detailed and itemized invoices, costs in connection with preparing sales materials and other marketing expenses, design and website expenses, fees and expenses of the Funds transfer agent,
fees to attend retail seminars sponsored by participating intermediaries and costs, expenses and reimbursements for travel, meals, accommodations, entertainment and other similar expenses related to meetings or events with prospective investors,
intermediaries, registered investment advisors or financial or other advisors); 

ii) 

all taxes, fees, costs, and expenses, retainers and/or other payments of accountants, legal counsel, advisors
(including tax advisors or accounting services providers), administrators, auditors (including with respect to any additional auditing required under The Directive 2011/61/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2011 on
Alternative Investment Fund Managers and any applicable legislation implemented by an EEA Member state in connection with such Directive (the AIFMD)), investment bankers, administrative agents, paying agents, depositaries,
custodians, trustees, sub-custodians, transfer agents, dividend agents, consultants (including individuals consulted through expert network consulting firms), engineers, senior advisors, industry experts,
operating partners, deal sourcers (including personnel dedicated to but not employed by the Administrator or its affiliates in the credit-focused business of First Eagle), and other professionals and service providers (including, for the avoidance
of doubt, the costs and charges allocable with respect to the provision of internal legal, tax, accounting, operations, treasury, valuation, technology or other services and professionals related thereto (including secondees and temporary personnel
or consultants that may be engaged on short- or long-term arrangements) as deemed appropriate by the Administrator, with the oversight of the Board, where such internal personnel perform services that would be paid by the Fund if outside service
providers provided the same services); fees, costs, and expenses herein include (x) costs, expenses and fees for hours spent by its in-house attorneys and tax advisors that provide legal or tax advice
and/or services to the Fund or its portfolio companies on matters related to potential or actual investments and transactions and the ongoing operations of the Fund and (y) expenses and fees to provide administrative, operational, accounting,
treasury, and valuation services to the Fund or its portfolio companies, and expenses, charges and/or related costs incurred directly by the Fund or affiliates in connection with such services, in each case, (I) that are specifically charged or
specifically allocated or attributed by the Administrator, with the oversight of the Board, to the Fund or its portfolio companies and (II) provided that any such amounts shall not be greater than what would be paid to an unaffiliated third
party for substantially similar advice and/or services of the same skill and expertise; 

iii) 

the cost of calculating the Funds net asset value, including the cost of any third-party valuation
services; 

iv) 

the cost of effecting any sales and repurchases of the Shares and other Fund securities; 

v) 

fees and expenses payable under any intermediary manager and selected intermediary agreements, if any;

vi) 

interest and fees and expenses arising out of all borrowings, guarantees and other financings or derivative and
hedging transactions (including interest, fees and related advisory and legal expenses) made or entered into by the Fund, including, but not limited to, the arranging thereof and related legal expenses; 

4 

vii) 

all fees, costs and expenses of any loan servicers, loan agents, and other service providers and of any
custodians, lenders, investment banks and other financing sources; 

viii) 

costs incurred in connection with the formation or maintenance of entities or vehicles to hold the Funds
assets for tax or other purposes; 

ix) 

expenses, including travel, entertainment, lodging and meal expenses, incurred by the Subadviser, or members of
its investment team, or payable to third parties, in identifying, sourcing, evaluating, developing, negotiating, structuring and performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies, including such expenses related to potential investments
that were not consummated, and, if necessary, enforcing the Funds rights related thereto; 

x) 

expenses (including the allocable portions of compensation and out-of-pocket expenses such as travel expenses) or an appropriate portion thereof of employees of the Subadviser to the extent such expenses relate to attendance at meetings of the Board or any committees
thereof; 

xi) 

all fees, costs and expenses, if any, incurred by or on behalf of the Fund in developing, negotiating and
structuring prospective or potential investments that are not ultimately made, including, without limitation any legal, tax, administrative, accounting, travel, meals, accommodations and entertainment, advisory, consulting and printing expenses,
reverse termination fees and any liquidated damages, commitment fees that become payable in connection with any proposed investment that is not ultimately made, forfeited deposits or similar payments and, if necessary, the expenses related to
enforcing the Funds rights related to any prospective or potential investments that are not ultimately made; 

xii) 

the allocated costs incurred by the Subadviser and the Administrator in providing managerial assistance to
those portfolio companies that request it; 

xiii) 

all brokerage costs, hedging costs, prime brokerage fees, custodial expenses, loan servicers, agent bank and
other bank service fees; private placement fees and expenses, commissions, appraisal fees, commitment fees and underwriting costs; costs and expenses of any lenders, investment banks and other financing sources, and other investment costs, fees and
expenses actually incurred in connection with developing, evaluating, making, holding, settling, clearing, monitoring or disposing of actual investments (including, without limitation, research, data, technology, travel, meals, accommodations and
entertainment expenses and any expenses related to attending trade association and/or industry meetings, conferences or similar meetings), any costs or expenses relating to currency conversion in the case of investments denominated in a currency
other than U.S. dollars and expenses arising out of trade settlements or loan closings (including any delayed compensation expenses); 

xiv) 

investment costs, including all fees, costs and expenses incurred in sourcing, evaluating, developing,
negotiating, structuring, trading (including trading errors), settling, monitoring and holding prospective or actual investments or investment strategies including, without limitation, any financing, legal, filing, auditing, tax, accounting,
compliance, loan agenting and administration, treasury, valuation, travel, meals, accommodations and entertainment, advisory, research, consulting, engineering, data-related and other professional fees, costs and expenses in connection therewith (to
the extent the Subadviser is not reimbursed by a prospective or actual issuer of the applicable investment or other third parties or capitalized as part of the acquisition price of the transaction) and any fees, costs and expenses related to the
organization or maintenance of any vehicle through which the Fund directly or indirectly participates in the acquisition, holding and/or disposition of investments or which otherwise

5 

facilitate the Funds investment activities, including without limitation any travel and accommodations expenses related to such vehicle and the salary and benefits of any personnel
(including personnel of the Subadviser or its affiliates) reasonably necessary and/or advisable for the maintenance and operation of such vehicle, or other overhead expenses (including any fees, costs and expenses associated with the leasing of
office space (which may be made with one or more affiliates of First Eagle as lessor in connection therewith)); 

xv) 

fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts; 

xvi) 

federal and state registration fees, franchise fees, any stock exchange listing fees and fees payable to rating
agencies; 

xvii) 

independent Trustees fees and expenses including reasonable travel, entertainment, lodging and meal
expenses, and any legal counsel or other advisors retained by, or at the discretion or for the benefit of, the independent Trustees; 

xviii) 

costs of preparing financial statements and maintaining books and records, costs of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
compliance and attestation and costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents with the SEC, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and other
regulatory bodies and other reporting and compliance costs, including registration and exchange listing costs, and the costs associated with reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and any other applicable federal and state
securities laws, and the compensation of professionals responsible for the foregoing; 

xix) 

all fees, costs and expenses associated with the preparation and issuance of the Funds periodic reports
and related statements (e.g., financial statements and tax returns) and other internal and third-party printing (including a flat service fee), publishing (including time spent performing such printing and publishing services) and reporting-related
expenses (including other notices and communications) in respect of the Fund and its activities (including internal expenses, charges and/or related costs incurred, charged or specifically attributed or allocated by the Fund or the Subadviser or its
affiliates in connection with such provision of services thereby); 

xx) 

the costs of preparing and filing any registration statements, reports, prospectuses, proxy statements, other
documents required by the SEC or other notices to shareholders (including printing and mailing costs) and the costs of any shareholder or Trustee meetings; 

xxi) 

proxy voting expenses; 

xxii) 

costs of registration rights granted to certain investors; 

xxiii) 

any taxes and/or tax-related interest, fees or other governmental
charges (including any penalties incurred where the Subadviser lacks sufficient information from third parties to file a timely and complete tax return) levied against the Fund and all expenses incurred in connection with any tax audit,
investigation, litigation, settlement or review of the Fund and the amount of any judgments, fines, remediation or settlements paid in connection therewith; 

xxiv) 

all fees, costs and expenses of any litigation, arbitration or audit involving the Fund, any of its vehicles or
its portfolio companies and the amount of any judgments, assessments fines, remediations or settlements paid in connection therewith; Trustees and officers, liability or other insurance (including costs of title insurance) and indemnification
(including advancement of any fees, costs or expenses to persons entitled to indemnification by the Fund) or extraordinary expense or liability relating to the affairs of the Fund; 

6 

xxv) 

all fees, costs and expenses associated with the Funds information, obtaining and maintaining technology
(including the costs of any professional service providers), hardware/software, data-acquisition and related communication costs, market and portfolio company data and research (including news and quotation equipment and services and including costs
allocated by the Subadvisers or its affiliates internal and third-party research group (which are generally based on time spent, assets under management, usage rates, proportionate holdings or a combination thereof or other reasonable
methods determined by the Administrator) and expenses and fees (including compensation costs) charged or specifically attributed or allocated by Subadviser and/or its affiliates for technology and data-related services noted herein that are provided
to the Fund and/or its portfolio companies (including in connection with prospective investments) such as financial spreading, each including expenses, charges, fees and/or related costs of an internal nature; provided, that any such expenses,
charges or related costs shall not be greater than what would be paid to an unaffiliated third party for substantially similar services) reporting costs (which includes notices and other communications and internally allocated charges), and dues and
expenses incurred in connection with membership in industry or trade organizations; 

xxvi) 

the costs of specialty and custom software for monitoring risk, compliance and the overall portfolio, including
any development costs incurred prior to the filing of the Funds election to be treated as a business development company; 

xxvii) 

costs associated with individual or group shareholders; 

xxviii) 

fidelity bond, trustees and officers errors and omissions liability insurance and other insurance premiums;

xxix) 

direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying and
secretarial and other staff; 

xxx) 

all fees, costs and expenses of winding up and liquidating the Funds assets; 

xxxi) 

all fees, costs and expenses related to compliance-related matters (such as developing and implementing
specific policies and procedures in order to comply with certain regulatory requirements) and regulatory filings; notices or disclosures related to the Funds activities (including, without limitation, expenses relating to the preparation and
filing of filings required under the Securities Act, TIC Form SLT filings, Internal Revenue Service filings under FATCA and FBAR reporting requirements applicable to the Fund or reports to be filed with the CFTC, reports, disclosures, filings and
notifications prepared in connection with the laws and/or regulations of jurisdictions in which the Fund engages in activities, including any notices, reports and/or filings required under the AIFMD, European Securities and Markets Authority and any
related regulations, and other regulatory filings, notices or disclosures of the Subadviser relating to the Fund and its affiliates relating to the Fund, and their activities) and/or other regulatory filings, notices or disclosures of the Subadviser
and its affiliates relating to the Fund including those pursuant to applicable disclosure laws and expenses relating to FOIA requests, but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any expenses incurred for general compliance and regulatory matters
that are not related to the Fund and its activities; 

7 

xxxii) 

costs and expenses (including travel) in connection with the diligence and oversight of the Funds service
providers; 

xxxiii) 

costs and expenses, including travel, meals, accommodations, entertainment and other similar expenses, incurred
by the Subadviser or its affiliates for meetings with existing investors and any intermediaries, registered investment advisors, financial and other advisors representing such existing investors; and 

xxxiv) 

all other expenses incurred by the Administrator in connection with administering the Funds business;
provided however, that in the event the Fund adopts a distribution and shareholder servicing plan adopted pursuant to Rule 12b-1 under the 1940 Act (the Distribution and Shareholder Servicing
Plan), any payments made by the Fund for activities primarily intended to result in the sale of Shares will be paid pursuant to the Distribution and Shareholder Servicing Plan. 

Reimbursement. In addition to the compensation paid to the Subadviser pursuant to Section 8, the Adviser shall reimburse the
Subadviser for all expenses of the Fund incurred by the Subadviser as well as the actual cost of goods and services used for or by the Fund and obtained from entities not affiliated with the Subadviser. The Subadviser or its affiliates may be
reimbursed for the administrative services performed by it or such affiliates on behalf of the Fund pursuant to any separate administration or co-administration agreement with the Subadviser; however, no
reimbursement shall be permitted for services for which the Subadviser is entitled to compensation by way of a separate fee. Excluded from the allowable reimbursement shall be: 

(1) 

rent or depreciation, utilities, capital equipment, and other administrative items of the Subadviser; and

(2) 

salaries, fringe benefits, travel expenses and other administrative items incurred or allocated to any
Controlling Person of the Subadviser. The term Controlling Person shall mean a person, whatever his or her title, who performs functions for the Subadviser similar to those of (a) the chairman or other member of a board of
directors, (b) executive officers or (c) those holding 10% or more equity interest in the Subadviser, or a person having the power to direct or cause the direction of the Subadviser, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by
contract or otherwise. 

From time to time, the Subadviser or its affiliates may pay third-party providers of goods or
services. The Adviser will reimburse the Subadviser or such affiliates thereof for any such amounts paid on the Funds behalf. From time to time, the Subadviser may defer or waive fees and/or rights to be reimbursed for expenses. All of the
foregoing expenses will ultimately be borne by the Funds shareholders. 

4) 

Transactions with Affiliates. The Subadviser is authorized on behalf of the Fund, from time to time when
deemed to be in the best interests of the Fund and to the extent permitted by applicable law, to purchase and/or sell securities in which the Subadviser or any of its affiliates underwrites, deals in and/or makes a market and/or may perform or seek
to perform investment banking services for issuers of such securities. The Subadviser is further authorized, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to select brokers (including any brokers affiliated with the Subadviser) for the execution of
trades for the Fund. 

8 

5) 

Best Execution; Research Services. 

a) 

The Subadviser is authorized, for the purchase and sale of the Funds portfolio securities, to employ such
dealers and brokers as may, in the judgment of the Subadviser, implement the policy of the Fund to obtain the best results, taking into account such factors as price, including dealer spread, the size, type and difficulty of the transaction
involved, the firms general execution and operational facilities and the firms risk in positioning the securities involved. Consistent with this policy, the Subadviser is authorized to direct the execution of the Funds portfolio
transactions to dealers and brokers furnishing statistical information or research deemed by the Subadviser to be useful or valuable to the performance of its investment advisory functions for the Fund. It is understood that in these circumstances,
as contemplated by Section 28(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), the commissions paid may be higher than those which the Fund might otherwise have paid to another broker if those
services had not been provided. Information so received will be in addition to and not in lieu of the services required to be performed by the Subadviser. It is understood that the expenses of the Subadviser will not necessarily be reduced as a
result of the receipt of such information or research. Research services furnished to the Subadviser by brokers who effect securities transactions for the Fund may be used by the Subadviser in servicing other investment companies, entities or funds
and accounts which it manages. Similarly, research services furnished to the Subadviser by brokers who effect securities transactions for other investment companies, entities or funds and accounts which the Subadviser manages may be used by the
Subadviser in servicing the Fund. It is understood that not all of these research services are used by the Subadviser in managing any particular account, including the Fund. 

b) 

On occasions when the Adviser deems the purchase or sale of a security or other instruments to be in the best
interest of the Fund as well as other clients, the Adviser, to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations, may, but shall be under no obligation to, aggregate the securities or other instruments to be so sold or purchased in order to
obtain the most favorable price or lower brokerage commissions and efficient execution. In such event, allocation of the securities or other instruments so purchased or sold, as well as the expenses incurred in the transaction, will be made by the
Adviser in the manner it considers to be the most equitable and consistent with its fiduciary obligations to the Fund and to such other clients. 

c) 

Excess Brokerage Commissions. The Subadviser is hereby authorized, to the fullest extent now or
hereafter permitted by law, to cause the Fund to pay a member of a national securities exchange, broker or dealer an amount of commission for effecting a securities transaction in excess of the amount of commission another member of such exchange,
broker or dealer would have charged for effecting that transaction, if the Subadviser determines in good faith, taking into account such factors as price (including the applicable brokerage commission or dealer spread), size of order, difficulty of
execution, and operational facilities of the firm and the firms risk and skill in positioning blocks of securities, that such amount of commission is reasonable in relation to the value of the brokerage and/or research services provided by
such member, broker or dealer, viewed in terms of either that particular transaction or its overall responsibilities with respect to the Funds portfolio, and constitutes the best net results for the Fund. 

d) 

All Front End Fees (as defined in the Funds Amended and Restated Agreement and Declaration of Trust (the
Declaration of Trust)) shall be reasonable and shall not exceed 18% of the gross proceeds of any offering, regardless of the source of payment and the percentage of gross proceeds of any offering committed to investment shall be
at least eighty-two percent (82%). All items of compensation to underwriters or dealers, including, but not limited to, selling commissions, expenses, rights of first refusal, consulting fees, finders
fees and all other items of compensation of any kind or description paid by the Fund, directly or indirectly, shall be taken into consideration in computing the amount of allowable Front End Fees. 

9 

6) 

Services Not Deemed Exclusive. The Adviser, Fund and the Board acknowledge and agree that:

a) 

the investment advisory services provided by the Subadviser hereunder are not to be deemed exclusive, and the
Subadviser and any of its affiliates or related persons shall be free to render similar services to others and to use the research developed in connection with this Agreement for other Advisory Clients or affiliates. The Fund agrees that the
Subadviser may give advice and take action with respect to any of its other Advisory Clients which may differ from advice given or the timing or nature of action taken with respect to any client or account so long as it is the Subadvisers
policy, to the extent practicable, to allocate investment opportunities to the client or account on a fair and equitable basis relative to its other Advisory Clients. It is understood that the Subadviser shall not have any obligation to recommend
for purchase or sale any loans which its principals, affiliates or employees may purchase or sell for its or their own accounts or for any other client or account if, in the opinion of the Subadviser, such transaction or investment appears
unsuitable, impractical or undesirable for the Fund. Nothing herein shall be construed as constituting the Subadviser an agent of the Fund; 

b) 

the Subadviser and its affiliates may face conflicts of interest as described in the Funds Registration
Statement and/or the Funds periodic filings with the SEC (as such disclosures may be updated from time to time) and such disclosures have been provided, and any updates will be provided, to the Board in connection with its consideration of
this Agreement and any future renewal of this Agreement; and 

c) 

The Subadviser shall not take any action which in its sole judgment made in good faith would contravene any
express written direction from the Adviser. 

7) 

Responsibility of Dual Directors, Officers and/or Employees. 

a) 

If any person is a manager, partner, officer or employee of the Subadviser or the Adviser or becomes a
director, officer and/or employee of the Fund and acts as such in any business of the Fund, then such manager, partner, officer and/or employee of the Subadviser or the Adviser shall be deemed to be acting in such capacity solely for the Fund, and
not as a manager, partner, officer or employee of the Subadviser or the Administrator or under the control or direction of the Subadviser or the Adviser, even if paid by the Subadviser or the Adviser. 

b) 

The Subadviser shall authorize and permit any of its directors, officers and employees who may be elected as
trustees or officers of the Fund to serve in the capacities in which they are elected. 

c) 

Services to be furnished by the Subadviser under this Agreement may be furnished through the medium of any of
such directors, officers or employees. 

8) 

Compensation. In consideration for the Subadvisers provision of the investment advisory services
hereunder, the Adviser shall pay the Subadviser fifty percent (50%) of the fees payable to the Adviser pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, payable promptly after receipt of such amounts by the Adviser from the Fund. At the Subadvisers request,
the Adviser shall arrange for the fees payable to the Subadviser hereunder to be paid to the Subadviser directly by the Fund on the same day the Fund pays the Adviser its fees under the Advisory Agreement. The Adviser agrees that without written
approval of the Subadviser, it will not waive the receipt of fees nor defer the fees pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, nor modify the Advisory Agreement so as to adversely amend or waive the terms or types of payments due under the Advisory
Agreement. 

10 

9) 

Representations and Warranties. 

a) 

The Subadviser represents and warrants that it is duly registered and authorized as an investment adviser under
the Advisers Act, and the Subadviser agrees to maintain effective all material requisite registrations, authorizations and licenses, as the case may be, until the termination of this Agreement. 

b) 

The Subadviser shall assist the Adviser in preparing or shall assist in causing to be prepared and distributed
to shareholders during each year the following reports of the Fund (either included in a periodic report filed with the SEC or distributed in a separate report) (i) within sixty (60) days of the end of each quarter, a report containing the
same financial information contained in the Funds Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Fund under the Exchange Act and (ii) within one hundred and twenty (120) days after the end of the
Funds fiscal year, (a) an annual report that shall include financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP which are audited and reported on by independent certified public accountants; (b) a report of the material
activities of the Fund during the period covered by the report; (c) where forecasts have been provided to the Funds shareholders, a table comparing the forecasts previously provided with the actual results during the period covered by the
report; and (d) a report setting forth distributions to the Funds shareholders for the period covered thereby and separately identifying distributions from: (A) cash flow from operations during the period; (B) cash flow from
operations during a prior period which have been held as reserves; (C) proceeds from disposition of assets; and (D) reserves from the gross proceeds of the Funds offering. 

c) 

From time to time and not less than quarterly, the Adviser shall cause the Subadviser to review the Funds
accounts to determine whether cash distributions are appropriate. The Fund may, subject to authorization by the Board, distribute pro rata to the Funds shareholders funds which the Board deems unnecessary to retain in the Fund. The Board may
from time to time authorize the Fund to declare and pay to the Funds shareholders such dividends or other distributions, in cash or other assets of the Fund or in securities of the Fund, including in Shares of one class or series payable to
the holders of the Shares of another class or series, or from any other source as the Board in its discretion shall determine. Any such cash distributions to the Adviser shall be made only in conjunction with distributions to shareholders and only
out of funds properly allocated to the Advisers account. All such cash distributions shall be made only out of funds legally available therefor pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended from time to time.

d) 

The Subadviser shall, in its sole discretion, temporarily place proceeds from offerings by the Fund of its
equity securities into short-term, highly liquid investments which, in its reasonable judgment, afford appropriate safety of principal during such time as it is determining the composition and allocation of the portfolio of the Fund and the nature,
timing and implementation of any changes thereto pursuant to Section 2 of the this Agreement; provided however, that the Subadviser shall be under no fiduciary obligation to select any such short-term, highly liquid investment based solely on
any yield or return of such investment. The Subadviser shall cause any proceeds of the Public Offering of Fund securities not committed for investment within the later of two years from the date of effectiveness of the Registration Statement or one
year from termination of the Public Offering, unless a longer period is permitted by the applicable State Administrator, to be paid as a distribution to the shareholders of the Fund as a return of capital without deduction of a sales load.

11 

10) 

Limitation of Liability of the Subadviser; Indemnification. 

a) 

The Subadviser and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any
other person or entity affiliated with it (the Indemnified Parties) shall not be liable for any error of judgment or mistake of law or for any act or omission or any loss suffered by the Fund in connection with the matters to
which this Agreement relates, provided that the Subadviser shall not be protected against any liability to the Fund or its shareholders to which the Subadviser would otherwise be subject by reason of bad faith, negligence, willful misfeasance or
misconduct on its part, or its violation of its fiduciary duty, in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations (disabling conduct). An Indemnified Party may consult with
counsel and accountants in respect of the Funds affairs and shall be fully protected and justified in any action or inaction which is taken in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel and accountants; provided, that such counsel
or accountants were selected with reasonable care. Absent disabling conduct, the Fund will indemnify the Indemnified Parties against, and hold them harmless from, any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys
fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of the Subadvisers services under this Agreement or otherwise as adviser for the Fund. The Indemnified Parties shall not be liable under this Agreement or otherwise for
any loss due to the mistake, action, inaction, negligence, dishonesty, fraud or bad faith of any broker or other agent; provided, that such broker or other agent shall have been selected, engaged or retained and monitored by the Subadviser in good
faith, unless such action or inaction was made by reason of disabling conduct, or in the case of a criminal action or proceeding, where the Subadviser had reasonable cause to believe its conduct was unlawful. 

Indemnification shall be made only following: (i) a final decision on the merits by a court or other body before which the proceeding was
brought that the Indemnified Party was not liable by reason of disabling conduct or (ii) in the absence of such a decision, a reasonable determination, based upon a review of the facts, that the Indemnified Party was not liable by reason of
disabling conduct by (a) the vote of a majority of a quorum of Trustees of the Fund who are neither interested persons of the Fund nor parties to the proceeding (disinterested
non-party trustees) or (b) an independent legal counsel in a written opinion. 

An
Indemnified Party shall be entitled to advances from the Fund for payment of the reasonable expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and expenses) incurred by it in connection with the matter as to which it is seeking indemnification in the
manner and to the fullest extent permissible under law. Prior to any such advance, the Indemnified Party shall provide to the Fund a written affirmation of its good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Fund
has been met and a written undertaking to repay any such advance if it should ultimately be determined that the standard of conduct has not been met. In addition, at least one of the following additional conditions shall be met: 

i) 

the Indemnified Party shall provide a security in form and amount acceptable to the Fund for its undertaking;

ii) 

the Fund is insured against losses arising by reason of the advance; or 

iii) 

a majority of a quorum of disinterested non-party Trustees or
independent legal counsel, in a written opinion, shall have determined, based on a review of facts readily available to the Fund at the time the advance is proposed to be made, that there is reason to believe that the Indemnified Party will
ultimately be found to be entitled to indemnification. 

12 

b) 

Notwithstanding Section 10(a) to the contrary, the Fund shall not provide for indemnification of an
Indemnified Party for any liability or loss suffered by an Indemnified Party, nor shall the Fund provide that any of the Indemnified Parties be held harmless for any loss or liability suffered by the Fund, unless all of the following conditions are
met: 

i) 

the Fund has determined, in good faith, that the course of conduct that caused the loss or liability was in the
best interests of the Fund; 

ii) 

the Fund has determined, in good faith, that the Indemnified Party was acting on behalf of or performing
services for the Fund; 

iii) 

the Fund has determined, in good faith, that such liability or loss was not the result of (A) negligence,
willful misfeasance or misconduct, in the case that the Indemnified Party is the Subadviser or an Affiliate (as defined in the Declaration of Trust) of the Subadviser, or (B) gross negligence, willful misfeasance or willful misconduct, in the
case that the Indemnified Party is a director of the Fund who is not also an officer of the Fund or the Subadviser or an Affiliate of the Subadviser; and 

iv) 

such indemnification or agreement to hold harmless is recoverable only out of the Funds net assets and
not from the Fund shareholders. 

v) 

Furthermore, the Indemnified Party shall not be indemnified for any losses, liabilities or expenses arising
from or out of an alleged violation of federal or state securities laws by such party unless one or more of the following conditions are met: 

(1) 

there has been a successful adjudication on the merits of each count involving alleged material securities law
violations as to the Indemnified Party; 

(2) 

such claims have been dismissed with prejudice on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction as to the
Indemnified Party; or 

(3) 

a court of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of the claims against the Indemnified Party and finds
that indemnification of the settlement and the related costs should be made, and the court considering the request for indemnification has been advised of the position of the SEC and of the published position of any state securities regulatory
authority in which Shares were offered or sold as to indemnification for violations of securities laws. 

c) 

The Fund may pay or reimburse reasonable legal expenses and other costs incurred by the Indemnified Party in
advance of final disposition of a proceeding only if all of the following are satisfied: 

i) 

the proceeding relates to acts or omissions with respect to the performance of duties or services on behalf of
the Fund; 

ii) 

the Indemnified Party provides the Fund with written affirmation of such Indemnified Partys good faith
belief that the Indemnified Party has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Fund; 

iii) 

the legal proceeding was initiated by a third party who is not a Fund shareholder, or, if by a Fund shareholder
acting in his or her capacity as such, a court of competent jurisdiction approves such advancement; and 

iv) 

the Indemnified Party provides the Fund with a written agreement to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the
Fund, together with the applicable legal rate of interest thereon, if it is ultimately determined that the Indemnified Party did not comply with the requisite standard of conduct and is not entitled to indemnification. 

13 

11) 

Effectiveness, Duration and Termination of Agreement. 

a) 

This Agreement shall become effective as of the date hereof; provided, however, that this Agreement may be
terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, on 60 days written notice by the Fund, by the Board or by vote of a majority of the outstanding voting interests (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund, or on not less than 120
days written notice by the Subadviser to the Adviser and the Fund, without the payment of any penalty, on not less than 120 days written notice to the Fund. The provisions of Section 10 of this Agreement shall remain in full force
and effect, and the Adviser shall remain entitled to the benefits thereof, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement. Further, notwithstanding the termination or expiration of this Agreement as aforesaid, the Subadviser shall be entitled to
any amounts owed under Sections 3 or 8 through the date of termination or expiration, and Section 10 shall continue in force and effect and apply to the Subadviser and its representatives as and to the extent applicable. 

b) 

This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, or to the extent consistent with
the requirements of the 1940 Act, from the date of the Funds election to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically
approved at least annually by (i) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (ii) the vote of a majority of the Funds Board who are not parties to this Agreement or
interested persons (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act. 

c) 

This Agreement shall terminate automatically in the event of its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act) by the
Adviser. 

d) 

After the termination of this Agreement, the Subadviser shall not be entitled to compensation for further
services provided hereunder, except that it shall be entitled to receive from the Fund within 30 days after the effective date of such termination all unpaid reimbursements and all earned but unpaid fees payable to the Adviser prior to termination
of this Agreement, including any deferred fees. The Adviser shall promptly upon termination: 

i) 

Deliver to the Board a full accounting, including a statement showing all payments collected by it and a
statement of all money held by it, covering the period following the date of the last accounting furnished to the Board; 

ii) 

Deliver to the Board all assets and documents of the Fund then in custody of the Subadviser; and

iii) 

Cooperate with the Fund to provide an orderly management transition. 

e) 

Without the approval of holders of a majority of the Shares entitled to vote on the matter, or such other
approval as may be required under the mandatory provisions of any applicable laws or regulations, or other provisions of the Declaration of Trust, the Adviser shall not: (i) modify this Agreement except for amendments that do not adversely
affect the rights of the shareholders; (ii) appoint a new Adviser (other than a sub-adviser pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and applicable law); (iii) sell all or substantially all of the
Funds assets other than in the ordinary course of the Funds business or as otherwise permitted by law; (iv) cause the merger or other reorganization of the Fund; or (v) voluntarily withdraw as the Subadviser unless such
withdrawal would not affect the tax status of the Fund and would not materially adversely affect the shareholders. 

14 

f) 

The Fund may terminate the Subadvisers interest in the Funds revenues, expenses, income, losses,
distributions and capital by payment of an amount equal to the then present fair market value of the terminated Subadvisers interest, determined by agreement of the terminated Subadviser and the Fund. If the Fund and the Subadviser cannot
agree upon such amount, the parties will submit to binding arbitration which cost will be borne equally by the Adviser and the Subadviser. The method of payment to the terminated Subadviser must be fair and must protect the solvency and liquidity of
the Fund. 

12) 

Conflicts of Interest and Prohibited Activities. 

a) 

The Subadviser is not hereby granted or entitled to an exclusive right to sell or exclusive employment to sell
assets for the Fund. 

b) 

The Subadviser shall not: (i) receive or accept any rebate,
give-up or similar arrangement that is prohibited under applicable federal or state securities laws, including the Omnibus Guidelines; (ii) participate in any reciprocal business arrangement that would
circumvent provisions of applicable federal or state securities laws, including the Omnibus Guidelines, governing conflicts of interest or investment restrictions; or (iii) enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding that would
circumvent the restrictions against dealing with affiliates or promoters under applicable federal or state securities laws, including the Omnibus Guidelines. 

c) 

The Subadviser shall not directly or indirectly pay or award any fees or commissions or other compensation to
any person engaged to sell Shares or give investment advice to a potential shareholder; provided, however, that this subsection shall not prohibit the payment to a registered broker-dealer or other properly licensed agent of sales commissions or
other compensation (including cash compensation and non-cash compensation (as such terms are defined under FINRA Rule 2310)) for selling or distributing Shares, including out of the Subadvisers own
assets, including those amounts paid to the Subadviser under this Agreement. 

d) 

The Subadviser covenants that it shall not permit or cause to be permitted the Funds funds to be
commingled with the funds of any other person and the Funds funds will be protected from the claims of affiliated companies. 

13) 

Access to Shareholder List. 

a) 

If a shareholder requests a copy of the Shareholder List pursuant to Section 11.3 of the Funds
Declaration of Trust, as may be amended from time to time, or any successor provision thereto (the Declaration Shareholder List Provision), the Subadviser is hereby authorized to request a copy of the Shareholder List from the
Funds transfer agent and send a copy of the Shareholder List to any shareholder so requesting in accordance with the Declaration Shareholder List Provision. The Adviser and the Board shall be liable to any shareholder requesting the list for
the costs, including attorneys fees, incurred by that shareholder for compelling the production of the Shareholder List, and for actual damages suffered by any shareholder by reason of such refusal or neglect. It shall be a defense that the
actual purpose and reason for the requests for inspection or for a copy of the Shareholder List is to secure such list of shareholder or other information for the purpose of selling such list or copies thereof, or of using the same for a commercial
purpose other than in the interest of the applicant as a shareholder relative to the affairs of the Fund. 

14) 

Amendments. This Agreement may be amended by mutual written consent, but the consent of the Fund must be
obtained in conformity with the requirements of the 1940 Act. 

15 

15) 

Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties with respect to
the subject matter hereof. 

16) 

Notices. Any notice or other communication required to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be
deemed duly given if delivered or mailed by registered mail, postage prepaid, (1) to the Adviser at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10105, Attention: General Counsel; or (2) to the Subadviser at 500 Boylston Street, Suite 1200,
Boston, MA 02116, Attention: General Counsel; or (3) to the Fund at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10105, Attention: Head of Legal and Compliance. 

17) 

Third Party Beneficiaries. Except for the Indemnified Parties (with respect to Section 10 hereof)
each being an intended beneficiary of the applicable sections of this Agreement, this Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and nothing herein express or implied will give or be construed to give to any person, other than the
parties hereto, any legal or equitable rights hereunder. 

18) 

Severability. If any provision of this Agreement, or the application of any provision to any person or
circumstance, shall be held to be inconsistent with any present or future law, ruling, rule or regulation of any court or governmental or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the subject matter hereof, such provision shall be deemed to be
rescinded or modified in accordance with such law, ruling, rule or regulation, and the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it shall be held inconsistent, shall
not be affected thereby. 

19) 

Counterparts; Headings. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed to
be an original copy and all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument binding on all parties hereto, notwithstanding that all parties will not have signed the same counterpart. The headings contained in this Agreement are
intended solely for convenience and shall not affect the rights of the parties to this Agreement. 

20) 

Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
State of Delaware. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, this Agreement shall not be construed to require, or to impose any duty upon, either of the parties to do anything in violation of any applicable laws or regulations.

For so long as the Fund is a registered investment company under the 1940 Act, this Agreement will also be construed in
accordance with the applicable provisions of the 1940 Act and the Advisers Act. In such case, to the extent the applicable laws of the State of Delaware or any of the provisions herein conflict with the provisions of the 1940 Act or the Advisers
Act, the 1940 Act and the Advisers Act will control. 

21) 

Advising Other Clients on Fund Shares. If any occasion should arise in which the Subadviser gives any
advice to its clients concerning the Shares of the Fund, the Subadviser will act solely as investment counsel for such clients and not in any way on behalf of the Fund except to the extent that the Subadviser is acting as principal underwriter of
the Shares of the Fund. In connection with purchases or sales of portfolio securities for the account of the Fund, neither the Subadviser nor any of its directors, officers or employees will act as a principal. 

22) 

Survival. The provisions of Sections 8, 10, 11, 14, 15, 16, 17, 19, 20 and this 22 hereof shall survive
the termination of this Agreement. 

(signature page follows) 

16 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have caused this instrument to be executed by their
officers designated below as of the day and year first above written. 

FIRST EAGLE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND

By: /s/ David OConnor

Name: David OConnor

Title: Head of Legal & Compliance

FIRST EAGLE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, LLC

By: /s/ David OConnor

Name: David OConnor

Title: General Counsel and Head of Legal &

Compliance

FIRST EAGLE ALTERNATIVE CREDIT, LLC

By: /s/ Sabrina Rusnak-Carlson

Name: Sabrina Rusnak-Carlson

Title: General Counsel and Secretary

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Subadvisory Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d890166dex103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
EX-10.3

Exhibit 10.3 

FIRST EAGLE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 

AMENDED AND RESTATED ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT 

This Amended and Restated Administration Agreement (this Agreement) is dated and effective as of March 11, 2025 by and between First Eagle
Private Credit Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (hereinafter referred to as the Fund), and First Eagle Alternative Credit, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (hereinafter referred to as the
Administrator). 

W I T N E S S E T H: 

WHEREAS, the Fund and the Administrator are parties to that Administration Agreement, dated March 30, 2023, by and between the Fund and
the Administrator (the Prior Agreement); 

WHEREAS, the Fund and the Administrator desire to amend and restate the Prior
Agreement in order to remove certain provisions that limit the applicability of certain provisions prior to the qualification of the Common Shares (as defined herein and in the Prior Agreement) as Covered Securities (as defined herein and in the
Prior Agreement), clarify applicability of certain provisions of the North American Securities Administrators Association (NASAA) Omnibus Guidelines and make certain other immaterial changes; and 

WHEREAS, the foregoing changes will not result in any increase in fees charged to the Fund and will not affect the quality and level of
service to be provided by the Administrator to the Fund. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows: 

1. Duties of the Administrator. 

(a) Employment of
Administrator. The Fund hereby retains the Administrator to act as administrator of the Fund, and to furnish, or arrange for others to furnish, the administrative services, personnel and facilities described below, subject to review by and the
overall control of the Board of Trustees of the Fund (the Board, and each member thereof, a Trustee), for the period and on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. The Administrator hereby accepts
such retention and agrees during such period to render, or arrange for the rendering of, such services and to assume the obligations herein set forth subject to the reimbursement of costs and expenses as provided for below. The Administrator, and
any such other persons providing services arranged for by the Administrator, shall for all purposes herein be deemed to be independent contractors and shall, unless otherwise expressly provided or authorized herein, have no authority to act for or
represent the Fund in any way or otherwise be deemed agents of the Fund. 

(b) Services. The Administrator shall perform (or oversee, or arrange
for, the performance by third parties of) the administrative and compliance services necessary for the operation of the Fund. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrator shall provide the Fund with office facilities,
equipment, clerical, accounting, bookkeeping and record keeping services at such office facilities and such other services as the Administrator, subject to review by the Board, shall from time to time determine to be necessary or useful to perform
its obligations under this Agreement. The Administrator shall also, in coordination with the Adviser, on behalf of the Fund, arrange for the services of, and oversee/conduct relations with, sub-administrators,
custodians, depositories, loan agents, transfer agents, escrow agents, dividend disbursing agents, other shareholder servicing agents, accountants and accounting service providers, fund administration, valuation, treasury services, attorneys,
underwriters, brokers and dealers, 

intermediaries, corporate fiduciaries, insurers, banks and such other persons in any such other capacity deemed to be necessary or desirable. The Administrator shall make reports to the Board of
its performance of obligations hereunder and furnish advice and recommendations with respect to such other aspects of the business and affairs of the Fund as the Board shall determine to be desirable; provided that nothing herein shall be
construed to require the Administrator to, and the Administrator shall not, in its capacity as Administrator, provide any advice or recommendation relating to the securities and other assets that the Fund should purchase, retain or sell or any other
investment advisory services to the Fund. The Administrator shall be responsible for the financial, accounting and other records that the Fund is required to maintain and shall prepare all required reports to shareholders, and other materials
required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) or any other regulatory authority, which includes, but is not limited to, providing the services of the Funds chief financial officer, chief
compliance officer, and their respective staffs. At the Funds request, the Administrator will provide on the Funds behalf significant managerial assistance to those portfolio companies to which the Fund is required to provide such
assistance. In addition, the Administrator will assist the Fund, in coordination with the Adviser, in determining and publishing the Funds net asset value, overseeing the preparation and filing of the Funds tax returns, compliance
monitoring (including providers), preparing materials and coordinating meetings of the Board, and the printing and dissemination of reports to shareholders of the Fund, and generally overseeing the payment of the Funds expenses and the
performance of administrative and professional services rendered to the Fund by others. For the avoidance of any doubt, the parties agree that the Administrator is authorized to enter into one or more
sub-administration agreements as the Administrator determines necessary in order to carry out the services set forth in this paragraph, subject to the prior approval of the Fund. 

2. Records. The Administrator agrees to maintain and keep all books, accounts and other records of the Fund that relate to activities performed by the
Administrator hereunder and, if required by any applicable statutes, rules and regulations, including without limitation, the 1940 Act, will maintain and keep such books, accounts and records in accordance with such statutes, rules and regulations.
In compliance with the requirements of Rule 31a-3 under the 1940 Act, the Administrator agrees that all records that it maintains for the Fund shall at all times remain the property of the Fund, shall be
readily accessible during normal business hours, and shall be promptly surrendered upon the termination of this Agreement or otherwise on written request. The Administrator further agrees that all records which it maintains for the Fund pursuant to
Rule 31a-1 under the 1940 Act will be preserved for the periods prescribed by Rule 31a-2 under the 1940 Act unless any such records are earlier surrendered as provided
above. Records shall be surrendered in usable machine-readable form. The Administrator shall have the right to retain copies of such records subject to observance of its confidentiality obligations under this Agreement. The Administrator may engage
one or more third parties, subject to the prior approval of the Fund, to perform all or a portion of the foregoing services. 

3. Confidentiality.
The parties hereto agree that each shall treat confidentially all information provided by each party to the other regarding its business and operations. All confidential information provided by a party hereto, including nonpublic personal
information of natural persons pursuant to Regulation S-P of the SEC, shall be used by the other party hereto solely for the purpose of rendering services pursuant to this Agreement and, except as may be
required in carrying out this Agreement, shall not be disclosed to any third party without the prior consent of such providing party. The foregoing shall not be applicable to any information that is publicly available when provided or thereafter
becomes publicly available other than through a breach of this Agreement, or that is required to be disclosed by any regulatory authority, any legal authority or legal counsel of the parties hereto, by judicial or administrative process or otherwise
by applicable law or regulation. 

4. Compensation; Allocation of Costs and Expenses. 

(a) In full consideration of the provision of the services of the Administrator, the Fund shall reimburse the Administrator for the costs and expenses
incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations and providing personnel and facilities hereunder. Except as specifically provided herein or otherwise in the Advisory Agreement (the Advisory Agreement) between the Fund
and First Eagle Investment Management, LLC (the Adviser) and the Sub-Advisory Agreement (the Sub-Advisory Agreement) between the
Adviser and First Eagle Alternative Credit, LLC (the Subadviser and, together with the Adviser, the Advisers), the Fund anticipates that all investment professionals and staff of the Advisers, when and to the
extent engaged in providing investment advisory services to the Fund, and the base compensation and bonuses and benefits of such personnel and the routine overhead expenses (including rent, office equipment and utilities) allocable to such services,
will be provided and paid for by the Advisers. The Fund will bear all other costs and expenses of the Funds operations, administration and transactions, including, but not limited to: 

(a) investment advisory fees, including the Base Management Fee and Incentive Fee, to the Adviser, both as defined in, and pursuant to, the Advisory
Agreement; 

(b) the Funds allocable portion of compensation and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its administrative
obligations under this Agreement, including but not limited to: 

(i) 

the Funds Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel, Head of Legal and
Compliance and their respective staffs, which may include personnel at either the Adviser or Subadviser who assist such officers; investor relations, legal, operations and other non-investment professionals at
the Administrator that perform duties for the Fund; and 

(ii) 

any personnel of the Advisers or any of their affiliates providing
non-investment related services to the Fund; and 

(c) all other expenses of the Funds
operation, administration and transactions including, without limitation, those relating to: 

(i) 

organization and offering expenses associated with any offering and any future issuance of preferred shares
(including legal, accounting, printing, mailing, subscription processing and filing fees and expenses and other offering expenses, including costs associated with technology integration between the Funds systems and those of participating
intermediaries, reasonable bona fide due diligence expenses of participating intermediaries supported by detailed and itemized invoices, costs in connection with preparing sales materials and other marketing expenses, design and website expenses,
fees and expenses of the Funds transfer agent, fees to attend retail seminars sponsored by participating intermediaries and costs, expenses and reimbursements for travel, meals, accommodations, entertainment and other similar expenses related
to meetings or events with prospective investors, intermediaries, registered investment advisors or financial or other advisors); 

(ii) 

all taxes, fees, costs, and expenses, retainers and/or other payments of accountants, legal counsel, advisors
(including tax advisors or accounting services providers), administrators, auditors (including with respect to any additional auditing required under The Directive 2011/61/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2011 on
Alternative Investment Fund Managers and any applicable legislation implemented by 

an EEA Member state in connection with such Directive (the AIFMD)), investment bankers, administrative agents, paying agents, depositaries, custodians, trustees, sub-custodians, transfer agents, dividend agents, consultants (including individuals consulted through expert network consulting firms), engineers, senior advisors, industry experts, operating partners, deal
sourcers (including personnel dedicated to but not employed by the Administrator or its affiliates in the credit-focused business of First Eagle), and other professionals and service providers (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the costs and
charges allocable with respect to the provision of internal legal, tax, accounting, operations, treasury, valuation, technology or other services and professionals related thereto (including secondees and temporary personnel or consultants that may
be engaged on short- or long-term arrangements) as deemed appropriate by the Administrator, with the oversight of the Board, where such internal personnel perform services that would be paid by the Fund if outside service providers provided the same
services); fees, costs, and expenses herein include (x) costs, expenses and fees for hours spent by its in-house attorneys and tax advisors that provide legal or tax advice and/or services to the Fund or
its portfolio companies on matters related to potential or actual investments and transactions and the ongoing operations of the Fund and (y) expenses and fees to provide administrative, operational, accounting, treasury, and valuation services
to the Fund or its portfolio companies, and expenses, charges and/or related costs incurred directly by the Fund or affiliates in connection with such services, in each case, (I) that are specifically charged or specifically allocated or
attributed by the Administrator, with the oversight of the Board, to the Fund or its portfolio companies and (II) provided that any such amounts shall not be greater than what would be paid to an unaffiliated third party for substantially
similar advice and/or services of the same skill and expertise; 

(iii) 

the cost of calculating the Funds net asset value, including the cost of any third-party valuation
services; 

(iv) 

the cost of effecting any sales and repurchases of the Funds common shares of beneficial interest
(Shares)and other Fund securities; 

(v) 

fees and expenses payable under any intermediary manager and selected intermediary agreements, if any;

(vi) 

interest and fees and expenses arising out of all borrowings, guarantees and other financings or derivative and
hedging transactions (including interest, fees and related advisory and legal expenses) made or entered into by the Fund, including, but not limited to, the arranging thereof and related legal expenses; 

(vii) 

all fees, costs and expenses of any loan servicers, loan agents, and other service providers and of any
custodians, lenders, investment banks and other financing sources; 

(viii) 

costs incurred in connection with the formation or maintenance of entities or vehicles to hold the Funds
assets for tax or other purposes; 

(ix) 

expenses, including travel, entertainment, lodging and meal expenses, incurred by the Advisers, or members of
their investment team, or payable to third parties, in identifying, sourcing, evaluating, developing, negotiating, structuring and performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies, including such expenses related to potential investments
that were not consummated, and, if necessary, enforcing the Funds rights related thereto; 

(x) 

expenses (including the allocable portions of compensation and out-of-pocket expenses such as travel expenses) or an appropriate portion thereof of employees of the Advisers to the extent such expenses relate to attendance at meetings of the Board or any committees
thereof; 

(xi) 

all fees, costs and expenses, if any, incurred by or on behalf of the Fund in developing, negotiating and
structuring prospective or potential investments that are not ultimately made, including, without limitation any legal, tax, administrative, accounting, travel, meals, accommodations and entertainment, advisory, consulting and printing expenses,
reverse termination fees and any liquidated damages, commitment fees that become payable in connection with any proposed investment that is not ultimately made, forfeited deposits or similar payments and, if necessary, the expenses related to
enforcing the Funds rights related to any prospective or potential investments that are not ultimately made; 

(xii) 

the allocated costs incurred by the Advisers and the Administrator in providing managerial assistance to those
portfolio companies that request it; 

(xiii) 

all brokerage costs, hedging costs, prime brokerage fees, custodial expenses, loan servicers, agent bank and
other bank service fees; private placement fees and expenses, commissions, appraisal fees, commitment fees and underwriting costs; costs and expenses of any lenders, investment banks and other financing sources, and other investment costs, fees and
expenses actually incurred in connection with developing, evaluating, making, holding, settling, clearing, monitoring or disposing of actual investments (including, without limitation, research, data, technology, travel, meals, accommodations and
entertainment expenses and any expenses related to attending trade association and/or industry meetings, conferences or similar meetings), any costs or expenses relating to currency conversion in the case of investments denominated in a currency
other than U.S. dollars and expenses arising out of trade settlements or loan closings (including any delayed compensation expenses); 

(xiv) 

investment costs, including all fees, costs and expenses incurred in sourcing, evaluating, developing,
negotiating, structuring, trading (including trading errors), settling, monitoring and holding prospective or actual investments or investment strategies including, without limitation, any financing, legal, filing, auditing, tax, accounting,
compliance, loan agenting and administration, treasury, valuation, travel, meals, accommodations and entertainment, advisory, research, consulting, engineering, data-related and other professional fees, costs and expenses in connection therewith (to
the extent the Advisers are not reimbursed by a prospective or actual issuer of the applicable investment or other third parties or capitalized as part of the acquisition price of the transaction) and any fees, costs and expenses related to the
organization or maintenance of any vehicle through which the Fund directly or indirectly participates in the acquisition, holding and/or disposition of investments or which otherwise facilitate the Funds investment activities, including
without limitation any travel and accommodations expenses related to such vehicle and the salary and benefits of any personnel (including personnel of the Advisers or their affiliates) reasonably necessary and/or advisable for the maintenance and
operation of such vehicle, or other overhead expenses (including any fees, costs and expenses associated with the leasing of office space (which may be made with one or more affiliates of First Eagle as lessor in connection therewith));

(xv) 

fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts; 

(xvi) 

federal and state registration fees, franchise fees, any stock exchange listing fees and fees payable to rating
agencies; 

(xvii) 

independent Trustees fees and expenses, including reasonable travel, entertainment, lodging and meal
expenses, and any legal counsel or other advisors retained by, or at the discretion or for the benefit of, the independent Trustees; 

(xviii) 

costs of preparing financial statements and maintaining books and records, costs of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
compliance and attestation and costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents with the SEC, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and other
regulatory bodies and other reporting and compliance costs, including registration and exchange listing costs, and the costs associated with reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and any other applicable federal and state
securities laws, and the compensation of professionals responsible for the foregoing; 

(xix) 

all fees, costs and expenses associated with the preparation and issuance of the Funds periodic reports
and related statements (e.g., financial statements and tax returns) and other internal and third-party printing (including a flat service fee), publishing (including time spent performing such printing and publishing services) and reporting-related
expenses (including other notices and communications) in respect of the Fund and its activities (including internal expenses, charges and/or related costs incurred, charged or specifically attributed or allocated by the Fund or the Advisers or their
affiliates in connection with such provision of services thereby); 

(xx) 

the costs of preparing and filing any registration statements, reports, prospectuses, proxy statements, other
documents required by the SEC or other notices to shareholders (including printing and mailing costs) and the costs of any shareholder or Trustee meetings; 

(xxi) 

proxy voting expenses; 

(xxii) 

costs of registration rights granted to certain investors; 

(xxiii) 

any taxes and/or tax-related interest, fees or other governmental
charges (including any penalties incurred where the Advisers lack sufficient information from third parties to file a timely and complete tax return) levied against the Fund and all expenses incurred in connection with any tax audit, investigation,
litigation, settlement or review of the Fund and the amount of any judgments, fines, remediation or settlements paid in connection therewith; 

(xxiv) 

all fees, costs and expenses of any litigation, arbitration or audit involving the Fund, any of its vehicles or
its portfolio companies and the amount of any judgments, assessments fines, remediations or settlements paid in connection therewith; Trustees and officers liability or other insurance (including costs of title insurance) and indemnification
(including advancement of any fees, costs or expenses to persons entitled to indemnification by the Fund) or extraordinary expense or liability relating to the affairs of the Fund; 

(xxv) 

all fees, costs and expenses associated with the Funds information, obtaining and maintaining technology
(including the costs of any professional service providers), hardware/software, data-acquisition and related communication costs, market and portfolio company data and research (including news and quotation equipment and services and including costs
allocated by the Advisers or their affiliates internal and third-party research group (which are generally based on time spent, assets under management, usage rates, proportionate holdings or a combination thereof or other reasonable
methods determined by the Administrator) and expenses and fees (including compensation costs) charged or specifically attributed or allocated by the Advisers and/or 

their affiliates for technology and data-related services noted herein that are provided to the Fund and/or its portfolio companies (including in connection with prospective investments) such as
financial spreading, each including expenses, charges, fees and/or related costs of an internal nature; provided, that any such expenses, charges or related costs shall not be greater than what would be paid to an unaffiliated third party for
substantially similar services) reporting costs (which includes notices and other communications and internally allocated charges), and dues and expenses incurred in connection with membership in industry or trade organizations; 

(xxvi) 

the costs of specialty and custom software for monitoring risk, compliance and the overall portfolio, including
any development costs incurred prior to the filing of the Funds election to be treated as a business development company; 

(xxvii) 

costs associated with individual or group shareholders; 

(xxviii) 

fidelity bond, trustees and officers errors and omissions liability insurance and other insurance premiums;

(xxix) 

direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying and
secretarial and other staff; 

(xxx) 

all fees, costs and expenses of winding up and liquidating the Funds assets; 

(xxxi) 

all fees, costs and expenses related to compliance-related matters (such as developing and implementing
specific policies and procedures in order to comply with certain regulatory requirements) and regulatory filings; notices or disclosures related to the Funds activities (including, without limitation, expenses relating to the preparation and
filing of filings required under the Securities Act, TIC Form SLT filings, Internal Revenue Service filings under FATCA and FBAR reporting requirements applicable to the Fund or reports to be filed with the CFTC, reports, disclosures, filings and
notifications prepared in connection with the laws and/or regulations of jurisdictions in which the Fund engages in activities, including any notices, reports and/or filings required under the AIFMD, European Securities and Markets Authority and any
related regulations, and other regulatory filings, notices or disclosures of the Advisers relating to the Fund and their affiliates relating to the Fund, and their activities) and/or other regulatory filings, notices or disclosures of the Advisers
and their affiliates relating to the Fund including those pursuant to applicable disclosure laws and expenses relating to FOIA requests, but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any expenses incurred for general compliance and regulatory matters
that are not related to the Fund and its activities; 

(xxxii) 

costs and expenses (including travel) in connection with the diligence and oversight of the Funds service
providers; 

(xxxiii) 

costs and expenses, including travel, meals, accommodations, entertainment and other similar expenses, incurred
by the Advisers or their affiliates for meetings with existing investors and any intermediaries, registered investment advisors, financial and other advisors representing such existing investors; and 

(xxxiv) 

all other expenses incurred by the Administrator in connection with administering the Funds business;
provided however, that in the event the Fund adopts a distribution and shareholder servicing plan adopted pursuant to Rule 12b-1 under the 1940 Act (the Distribution and Shareholder Servicing
Plan), any payments made by the Fund for activities primarily intended to result in the sale of Shares will be paid pursuant to the Distribution and Shareholder Servicing Plan. 

Reimbursement. In addition to the compensation paid to the Administrator pursuant to Section 4,
the Fund shall reimburse the Administrator for all expenses of the Fund incurred by the Administrator as well as the actual cost of goods and services used for or by the Fund and obtained from entities not affiliated with the Fund. The Administrator
or its affiliates may be reimbursed for the administrative services performed by it or such affiliates on behalf of the Fund pursuant to any separate administration or co-administration agreement with the
Administrator; provided, however, the reimbursement shall be an amount equal to the lower of the Administrators actual cost or the amount the Fund would be required to pay third parties for the provision of comparable administrative services
in the same geographic location; and provided, further, that such costs are reasonably allocated to the Fund on the basis of assets, revenues, time records or other method of conforming with generally accepted accounting principles. No reimbursement
shall be permitted for services for which the Administrator is entitled to compensation by way of a separate fee. Excluded from the allowable reimbursement shall be: 

(1) 

rent or depreciation, utilities, capital equipment, and other administrative items of the Administrator; and

(2) 

salaries, fringe benefits, travel expenses and other administrative items incurred or allocated to any
Controlling Person of the Administrator. The term Controlling Person shall mean a person, whatever his or her title, who performs functions for the Administrator similar to those of (a) the chairman or other member of a board
of directors, (b) executive officers or (c) those holding 10% or more equity interest in the Administrator, or a person having the power to direct or cause the direction of the Administrator, whether through the ownership of voting
securities, by contract or otherwise. 

From time to time, the Advisers, the Administrator or their affiliates may pay third-party
providers of goods or services. The Fund will reimburse the Advisers, the Administrator or such affiliates thereof for any such amounts paid on the Funds behalf. From time to time, the Advisers or the Administrator may defer or waive fees
and/or rights to be reimbursed for expenses. All of the foregoing expenses will ultimately be borne by the Funds shareholders. 

Costs and expenses
of the Administrator and the Advisers that are eligible for reimbursement by the Fund will be reasonably allocated to the Fund on the basis of time spent, assets under management, usage rates, proportionate holdings, a combination thereof or other
reasonable methods determined by the Administrator. 

5. Limitation of Liability of the Administrator; Indemnification. The Administrator, its
affiliates and their respective directors, officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members, and any other person or entity affiliated with any of them (collectively, the Indemnified Parties), shall
not be liable to the Fund for any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Administrator in connection with the performance of any of its duties or obligations under this Agreement or otherwise as administrator for the Fund, and the Fund shall
indemnify, defend and protect the Administrator and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members, and any other person or entity affiliated with the Administrator, including without limitation the Indemnified
Parties (each of whom shall be deemed a third party beneficiary hereof) and hold them harmless from and against all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement)
incurred by the Indemnified Parties in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of the Fund or its security holders) arising out of or
otherwise based upon the performance of any of the Administrators duties or obligations under this Agreement or otherwise as administrator for the Fund. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence of this Paragraph 5 to the contrary, nothing
contained herein shall protect or be deemed to protect the Indemnified Parties against or entitle or be deemed to entitle the Indemnified Parties to indemnification in 

respect of, any liability to the Fund or its security holders to which the Indemnified Parties would otherwise be subject by reason of criminal conduct, willful misfeasance or misconduct, bad
faith or negligence in the performance of the Administrators duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of the Administrators duties and obligations under this Agreement. (to the extent applicable, as the same shall be determined in
accordance with the 1940 Act and any interpretations or guidance by the SEC or its staff thereunder). 

An Indemnified Party shall be entitled to advances
from the Fund for payment of the reasonable expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and expenses) incurred by it in connection with the matter as to which it is seeking indemnification in the manner and to the fullest extent permissible under
law. Prior to any such advance, the Indemnified Party shall provide to the Fund a written affirmation of its good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Fund has been met and a written undertaking to repay any
such advance if it should ultimately be determined that the standard of conduct has not been met. In addition, at least one of the following additional conditions shall be met: (a) the Indemnified Party shall provide a security in form and
amount acceptable to the Fund for its undertaking; (b) the Fund is insured against losses arising by reason of the advance; or (c) a majority of a quorum of disinterested non-party Trustees or
independent legal counsel, in a written opinion, shall have determined, based on a review of facts readily available to the Fund at the time the advance is proposed to be made, that there is reason to believe that the Indemnified Party will
ultimately be found to be entitled to indemnification. 

6. Activities of the Administrator. The services of the Administrator to the Fund are not
to be deemed to be exclusive, and the Administrator and each other person providing services as arranged by the Administrator is free to render services to others. It is understood that trustees, officers, employees and shareholders of the Fund are
or may become interested in the Administrator and its affiliates, as directors, officers, members, managers, employees, partners, shareholders or otherwise, and that the Administrator and directors, officers, members, managers, employees, partners
and shareholders of the Administrator and its affiliates are or may become similarly interested in the Fund as officers, trustees, shareholders or otherwise. 

7. Duration and Termination of this Agreement. 

(a) This
Agreement shall become effective as of the date hereof, and shall remain in force with respect to the Fund for two years thereafter, and thereafter continue from year to year, but only so long as such continuance is specifically approved at least
annually by (i) the Board and (ii) a majority of those members of the Funds Board of Trustees who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of any such party. 

(b) This Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, by vote of the Board, or by the Administrator, upon not less than 60
days written notice to the other party (which notice may be waived by such other party). Further, notwithstanding the termination or expiration of this Agreement as aforesaid, the Administrator shall be entitled to any amounts owed under
Section 4 through the date of termination or expiration, and Section 5 shall continue in force and effect and apply to the Administrator and its representatives as and to the extent applicable. 

8. Amendments of this Agreement. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by an instrument in writing signed by all parties hereto. 

9. Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns. Neither party may assign (as such term is defined in the 1940 Act and the regulations thereunder), delegate or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other
party. Any assignment by either party in accordance with the terms of this Agreement shall be pursuant to a written assignment agreement in which the assignee expressly assumes the assigning partys rights and obligations hereunder. 

10. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of
the State of Delaware and the applicable provisions of the 1940 Act, if any. To the extent that the applicable laws of the State of Delaware, or any of the provisions herein, conflict with the applicable provisions of the 1940 Act, if any, the
latter shall control. The parties unconditionally and irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in the State of Delaware and waive any objection with respect thereto, for the purpose of any action, suit or proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 

11. No Waiver. The failure of either party to enforce at any
time for any period the provisions of or any rights deriving from this Agreement shall not be construed to be a waiver of such provisions or rights or the right of such party thereafter to enforce such provisions, and no waiver shall be binding
unless executed in writing by all parties hereto. 

12. Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or
incapable of being enforced by any law or public policy, all other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not
affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to
effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible. 

13. Headings. The descriptive headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement. 

14. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which when executed shall
be deemed to be an original instrument and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 

15. Notices. All notices,
requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given or made (and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made upon receipt) by delivery in person, by overnight courier service (with signature
required), by facsimile, or by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested) to the respective parties at their respective principal executive office addresses. 

16. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior
agreements and undertakings, both written and oral, between the parties with respect to such subject matter. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE
INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first above
written. 

FIRST EAGLE PRIVATE CREDIT FUND

By: /s/ David OConnor

Name: David OConnor

Title: Head of Legal & Compliance

FIRST EAGLE ALTERNATIVE CREDIT, LLC

By: /s/ Sabrina Rusnak-Carlson

Name: Sabrina Rusnak-Carlson

Title: General Counsel and Secretary

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Administration Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ck0001890107-20250311.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ck0001890107-20250311_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ck0001890107-20250311_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 11, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001890107

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 11, 2025

Entity Registrant Name First Eagle Private Credit Fund

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 814-01642

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-6975595

Entity Address, Address Line One 1345 Avenue of the Americas

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10105

City Area Code (212)

Local Phone Number 698-3300

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://first.com//20250311/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ck0001890107-20250311.xsd 
ck0001890107-20250311_lab.xml 
ck0001890107-20250311_pre.xml 
d890166d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-051996-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d890166d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001890107 

2025-03-11 
2025-03-11 

false 
0001890107 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-03-11 
First Eagle Private Credit Fund 
DE 
814-01642 
87-6975595 
1345 Avenue of the Americas 
New York 
NY 
10105 
(212) 
698-3300 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>