<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-008453.txt : 20250312
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-008453.hdr.sgml : 20250312
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250312165333
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-008453
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		23
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250312
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250312
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250312

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CLECO POWER LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000018672
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				720244480
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			LA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05663
		FILM NUMBER:		25732418

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2030 DONAHUE FERRY ROAD
		CITY:			PINEVILLE
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			71360-5226
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3184847400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2030 DONAHUE FERRY ROAD
		CITY:			PINEVILLE
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			71360-5226

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CLECO UTILITY GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990708

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CENTRAL LOUISIANA ELECTRIC CO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cleco Securitization II LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002047628
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			LA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-283875
		FILM NUMBER:		25732419

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		505 CLECO DRIVE
		STREET 2:		OFFICE NUMBER 17
		CITY:			PINEVILLE
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			71360
		BUSINESS PHONE:		318-484-7530

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		505 CLECO DRIVE
		STREET 2:		OFFICE NUMBER 17
		CITY:			PINEVILLE
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			71360
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ny20039729x11_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false00020476280000018672truefalse00000186722025-03-122025-03-120000018672cnl:ClecoSecuritizationIILLCMember2025-03-122025-03-12

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): March 12, 2025

Commission file

number 

Registrant, State of Incorporation or Organization,

Address of Principal Executive Offices and Telephone Number 

IRS Employer

Identification Number

1-05663

CLECO POWER LLC

(a Louisiana limited liability company)

2030 Donahue Ferry Road

Pineville, Louisiana71360-5226

(318) 484-7400

72-0244480

333-283875

CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC

(a Louisiana limited liability company)

505 Cleco Drive, Office Number 17

Pineville, Louisiana71360

(318) 484-4183 

33-2327335

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions
(see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

None

N/A 

N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the
Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events.

On March 12, 2025, Cleco Securitization II LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company
(the Issuing Entity), issued $305,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its Series 2025-A Senior Secured Energy Transition Bonds (the Energy Transition Bonds), pursuant to an Indenture and Series Supplement (together, the Indenture),
each dated as of March 12, 2025, between the Issuing Entity and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee. The Energy Transition Bonds were
offered pursuant to the Prospectus dated March 5, 2025. In connection with the issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds, Cleco Power LLC and the Issuing Entity are filing the
exhibits listed in Item 9.01, which are annexed hereto as exhibits to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. 

Description

4.1 

Indenture between Cleco Securitization II LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (including the form of the Energy Transition Bonds
and the Series Supplement), dated as of March 12, 2025.

4.2 

Series Supplement between Cleco Securitization II LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee, dated as of March 12, 2025.

5.1 

Opinion of Phelps Dunbar, L.L.P. with respect to legality.

8.1 

Opinion of Phelps Dunbar, L.L.P. with respect to federal tax matters.

10.1 

Energy Transition Property Servicing Agreement between Cleco Securitization II LLC and Cleco Power LLC, as Servicer, dated as of March 12, 2025.

10.2 

Energy Transition Property Sale Agreement between Cleco Securitization II LLC and Cleco Power LLC, as Seller, dated as of March 12, 2025.

10.3 

Administration Agreement between Cleco Securitization II LLC and Cleco Power LLC, as Administrator, dated as of March 12, 2025.

10.4 

Intercreditor Agreement between Cleco Securitization II LLC, Cleco Power LLC, Cleco Securitization I LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association,
dated as of March 12, 2025.

23.1 

Consent of Phelps Dunbar, L.L.P. (included as part of its opinions filed as Exhibit 5.1, Exhibit 8.1 and Exhibit 99.2).

99.2 

Opinion of Phelps Dunbar, L.L.P. with respect to U.S. constitutional matters and
Louisiana constitutional matters.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Dated: March 12, 2025 

Cleco Power LLC

By: 

/s/ Tonita Laprarie

Tonita Laprarie

Controller and Chief Accounting Officer

Cleco Securitization II LLC

By: 

/s/ Tonita Laprarie

Tonita Laprarie

Manager
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ny20039729x11_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

INDENTURE

by and between

CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC,

Issuer

and

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

Indenture Trustee and Securities Intermediary

Dated as of March 12, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION; INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 

2

SECTION 1.01. 

Definitions and Rules of Construction 

2

SECTION 1.02. 

Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act 

2

ARTICLE II THE ENERGY TRANSITION BONDS 

2

SECTION 2.01. 

Form 

2

SECTION 2.02. 

Denominations: Energy Transition Bonds 

3

SECTION 2.03. 

Execution, Authentication and Delivery 

4

SECTION 2.04. 

Temporary Energy Transition Bonds 

5

SECTION 2.05. 

Registration; Registration of Transfer and Exchange of Energy Transition Bonds 

5

SECTION 2.06. 

Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Energy Transition Bonds 

7

SECTION 2.07. 

Persons Deemed Owner 

8

SECTION 2.08. 

Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest; Interest on Overdue Principal; Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest Rights Preserved 

8

SECTION 2.09. 

Cancellation 

9

SECTION 2.10. 

Outstanding Amount; Authentication and Delivery of Energy Transition Bonds 

9

SECTION 2.11. 

Book-Entry Energy Transition Bonds 

12

SECTION 2.12. 

Notices to Clearing Agency 

13

SECTION 2.13. 

Definitive Energy Transition Bonds 

14

SECTION 2.14. 

CUSIP Number 

14

SECTION 2.15. 

Letter of Representations 

14

SECTION 2.16. 

Tax Treatment 

14

SECTION 2.17. 

State Pledge and Louisiana Commission Pledge 

15

SECTION 2.18. 

Security Interests 

16

ARTICLE III COVENANTS 

17

SECTION 3.01. 

Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest 

17

SECTION 3.02. 

Maintenance of Office or Agency 

17

SECTION 3.03. 

Money for Payments To Be Held in Trust 

17

SECTION 3.04. 

Existence 

19

SECTION 3.05. 

Protection of Trust Estate 

19

SECTION 3.06. 

Opinions as to Trust Estate 

20

SECTION 3.07. 

Performance of Obligations; Servicing; SEC Filings 

20

SECTION 3.08. 

Certain Negative Covenants 

22

SECTION 3.09. 

Annual Statement as to Compliance 

23

SECTION 3.10. 

Issuer May Consolidate, etc., Only on Certain Terms 

24

SECTION 3.11. 

Successor or Transferee 

26

SECTION 3.12. 

No Other Business 

26

SECTION 3.13. 

No Borrowing 

26

i

SECTION 3.14. 

Servicers Obligations 

26

SECTION 3.15. 

Guarantees, Loans, Advances and Other Liabilities 

26

SECTION 3.16. 

Capital Expenditures 

27

SECTION 3.17. 

Restricted Payments 

27

SECTION 3.18. 

Notice of Events of Default 

27

SECTION 3.19. 

Further Instruments and Acts 

27

SECTION 3.20. 

Inspection 

27

SECTION 3.21. 

Economic Sanctions 

28

SECTION 3.22. 

[Reserved] 

28

SECTION 3.23. 

Sale Agreement, Servicing Agreement, Intercreditor Agreement and Administration Agreement Covenants 

28

SECTION 3.24. 

Taxes 

30

SECTION 3.25. 

Notices from Holders 

30

SECTION 3.26. 

Volcker Rule 

30

ARTICLE IV SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE; DEFEASANCE 

31

SECTION 4.01. 

Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture; Defeasance 

31

SECTION 4.02. 

Conditions to Defeasance 

32

SECTION 4.03. 

Application of Trust Money 

34

SECTION 4.04. 

Repayment of Moneys Held by Paying Agent 

34

ARTICLE V REMEDIES 

34

SECTION 5.01. 

Events of Default 

34

SECTION 5.02. 

Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment 

36

SECTION 5.03. 

Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Indenture Trustee 

37

SECTION 5.04. 

Remedies; Priorities 

38

SECTION 5.05. 

Optional Preservation of the Trust Estate 

40

SECTION 5.06. 

Limitation of Suits 

40

SECTION 5.07. 

Unconditional Rights of Holders To Receive Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest 

41

SECTION 5.08. 

Restoration of Rights and Remedies 

41

SECTION 5.09. 

Rights and Remedies Cumulative 

41

SECTION 5.10. 

Delay or Omission Not a Waiver 

41

SECTION 5.11. 

Control by Holders 

42

SECTION 5.12. 

Waiver of Past Defaults 

42

SECTION 5.13. 

Undertaking for Costs 

43

SECTION 5.14. 

Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws 

43

SECTION 5.15. 

Action on Energy Transition Bonds 

43

ARTICLE VI THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE 

43

SECTION 6.01. 

Duties of Indenture Trustee 

43

SECTION 6.02. 

Rights of Indenture Trustee 

45

SECTION 6.03. 

Individual Rights of Indenture Trustee 

48

SECTION 6.04. 

Indenture Trustees Disclaimer 

48

SECTION 6.05. 

Notice of Defaults 

49

SECTION 6.06. 

Reports by Indenture Trustee to Holders 

49

ii

SECTION 6.07. 

Compensation and Indemnity 

50

SECTION 6.08. 

Replacement of Indenture Trustee and Securities Intermediary 

51

SECTION 6.09. 

Successor Indenture Trustee by Merger 

52

SECTION 6.10. 

Appointment of Co-Trustee or Separate Trustee 

53

SECTION 6.11. 

Eligibility; Disqualification 

54

SECTION 6.12. 

Preferential Collection of Claims Against Issuer 

54

SECTION 6.13. 

Representations and Warranties of Indenture Trustee 

54

SECTION 6.14. 

Annual Report by Independent Registered Public Accountants 

54

SECTION 6.15. 

Custody of Trust Estate 

55

SECTION 6.16. 

FATCA 

55

ARTICLE VII HOLDERS LISTS AND REPORTS 

55

SECTION 7.01. 

Issuer To Furnish Indenture Trustee Names and Addresses of Holders 

55

SECTION 7.02. 

Preservation of Information; Communications to Holders 

55

SECTION 7.03. 

Reports by Issuer 

56

SECTION 7.04. 

Reports by Indenture Trustee 

57

ARTICLE VIII ACCOUNTS, DISBURSEMENTS AND RELEASES 

57

SECTION 8.01. 

Collection of Money 

57

SECTION 8.02. 

Collection Account 

58

SECTION 8.03. 

General Provisions Regarding the Collection Account 

61

SECTION 8.04. 

Release of Trust Estate 

62

SECTION 8.05. 

Opinion of Counsel 

63

SECTION 8.06. 

Reports by Independent Registered Public Accountants 

63

ARTICLE IX SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES 

63

SECTION 9.01. 

Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders 

63

SECTION 9.02. 

Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders 

65

SECTION 9.03. 

Louisiana Commission Condition 

66

SECTION 9.04. 

Execution of Supplemental Indentures 

67

SECTION 9.05. 

Effect of Supplemental Indenture 

67

SECTION 9.06. 

Conformity with Trust Indenture Act 

68

SECTION 9.07. 

Reference in Energy Transition Bonds to Supplemental Indentures 

68

ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 

68

SECTION 10.01. 

Compliance Certificates and Opinions, etc. 

68

SECTION 10.02. 

Form of Documents Delivered to Indenture Trustee 

70

SECTION 10.03. 

Acts of Holders 

70

SECTION 10.04. 

Notices, etc., to Indenture Trustee, Issuer and Rating Agencies 

71

SECTION 10.05. 

Notices to Holders; Waiver 

72

SECTION 10.06. 

Conflict with Trust Indenture Act 

72

SECTION 10.07. 

Successors and Assigns 

73

SECTION 10.08. 

Severability 

73

SECTION 10.09. 

Benefits of Indenture 

73

SECTION 10.10. 

Legal Holidays 

73

SECTION 10.11. 

GOVERNING LAW 

73

iii

SECTION 10.12. 

Counterparts 

73

SECTION 10.13. 

Recording of Indenture 

74

SECTION 10.14. 

No Recourse to Issuer 

74

SECTION 10.15. 

Basic Documents 

74

SECTION 10.16. 

No Petition 

74

SECTION 10.17. 

Securities Intermediary 

75

SECTION 10.18. 

Rule 17g-5 Compliance 

75

SECTION 10.19. 

Submission to Non-Exclusive Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial 

76

SECTION 10.20. 

Certain Tax Laws 

76

EXHIBITS

Exhibit A 

Form of Energy Transition Bonds

Exhibit B 

Form of Series Supplement

Exhibit C 

Servicing Criteria to be Addressed by Indenture Trustee in Assessment of Compliance

APPENDIX

Appendix A 

Definitions and Rules of Construction

iv

TRUST INDENTURE ACT CROSS REFERENCE TABLE

Trust Indenture Act

Section 

Indenture Section

310 

(a)(1) 

6.11

(a)(2) 

6.11

(a)(3) 

6.10(b)(i)

(a)(4) 

Not applicable

(a)(5) 

6.11

(b) 

6.11

311 

(a) 

6.12

(b) 

6.12

312 

(a) 

7.01 and 7.02

(b) 

7.02(b)

(c) 

7.02(c)

313 

(a) 

7.04

(b)(1) 

7.04

(b)(2) 

7.04

(c) 

7.03(a) and 7.04

(d) 

Not applicable

314 

(a) 

3.09, 4.01 and 7.03(a)

(b) 

3.06 and 4.01

(c)(1) 

2.10, 4.01, 8.04(b) and 10.01(a)

(c)(2) 

2.10, 4.01, 8.04(b) and 10.01(a)

(c)(3) 

2.10, 4.01, 4.02 and 10.01(a)

(d) 

8.04(b) and 10.01

(e) 

10.01(a)

(f) 

10.01(a)

315 

(a) 

6.01(b)(i) and 6.01(b)(ii)

v

Trust Indenture Act

Section 

Indenture Section

(b) 

6.05

(c) 

6.01(a)

(d) 

6.01(c)(i), 6.01(c)(ii) and 6.01(c)(iii)

(e) 

5.13

316 

(a) (last sentence) 

Appendix A definition of Outstanding

(a)(1)(A) 

5.11

(a)(1)(B) 

5.12

(a)(2) 

Not applicable

(b) 

5.07

(c) 

Appendix A definition of Record Date

317 

(a)(1) 

5.03(a)

(a)(2) 

5.03(c)(iv)

(b) 

3.03

318 

(a) 

10.06

(b) 

10.06

(c) 

10.06

THIS CROSS-REFERENCE TABLE SHALL NOT, FOR ANY PURPOSE, BE DEEMED TO BE PART OF THIS INDENTURE.

vi

This INDENTURE, dated as of March 12, 2025, is by and between CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company, and THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as indenture trustee for the benefit of the Holders and in its separate capacity as a securities intermediary.

In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, each party hereto agrees as follows for the benefit of the other party hereto and each of the Holders:

RECITALS OF THE ISSUER

The Issuer has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Indenture and the creation and issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds issuable hereunder, which will be of substantially the tenor
set forth in the Series Supplement to this Indenture duly executed and delivered by the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee.

The Energy Transition Bonds shall be non-recourse obligations and shall be secured by the Trust Estate, of which the principal asset is the Energy Transition Property, and shall be payable solely
out of the Energy Transition Property and other assets in the Trust Estate. If and to the extent that the proceeds of the Energy Transition Property are insufficient to pay all amounts owing with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds, then,
except as otherwise expressly provided hereunder, the Holders shall have no Claim in respect of such insufficiency against the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee, and the Holders, by their acceptance of the Energy Transition Bonds, waive any such
Claim.

All things necessary to (a) make the Energy Transition Bonds, when executed by the Issuer and authenticated and delivered by the Indenture Trustee hereunder and duly issued by the Issuer, valid
obligations, and (b) make this Indenture a valid agreement of the Issuer, in each case, in accordance with their respective terms, have been done.

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH:

That the Issuer, in consideration of the premises herein contained and of the purchase of Energy Transition Bonds by the Holders and of other good and lawful consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and to secure, equally and ratably without prejudice, priority or distinction, except as specifically otherwise set forth in this Indenture, the payment of the Energy Transition Bonds, the payment of
all other amounts due under or in connection with this Indenture (including all fees, expenses, counsel fees and other amounts due and owing to the Indenture Trustee) and the performance and observance of all of the covenants and conditions
contained herein or in the Energy Transition Bonds, has hereby executed and delivered this Indenture and by these presents does hereby and by the Series Supplement will convey, grant, assign, transfer and pledge, in each case, in and unto the
Indenture Trustee, its successors and assigns forever, for the benefit of the Holders, all of the Issuers right, title and interest in, to and under any and all of the property described in the Series Supplement (such property herein referred to
as Trust Estate).

1

AND IT IS HEREBY COVENANTED, DECLARED AND AGREED between the parties hereto that the Energy Transition Bonds are to be issued, countersigned and delivered and that all of the Trust Estate is to be
held and applied, subject to the further covenants, conditions, releases, uses and trusts hereinafter set forth, and the Issuer, for itself and any successor, does hereby covenant and agree to and with the Indenture Trustee and its successors in
said trust, for the benefit of the Holders, as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION; INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE

SECTION 1.01. Definitions and Rules of Construction. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this
Indenture shall have the respective meanings given to such terms in Appendix A, which is hereby incorporated by reference into this Indenture as if set forth fully in this Indenture. Not all terms defined in Appendix A are used in
this Indenture. The rules of construction set forth in Appendix A shall apply to this Indenture and are hereby incorporated by reference into this Indenture as if set forth fully in this Indenture.

SECTION 1.02. Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act. Whenever this Indenture refers to a provision of the Trust Indenture Act, that
provision is incorporated by reference in and made a part of this Indenture. Certain Trust Indenture Act terms have been defined in this Indenture as follows:

indenture securities means the Energy Transition Bonds.

indenture security holder means a Holder.

indenture to be qualified means this Indenture.

indenture trustee or institutional trustee means the Indenture Trustee.

obligor on the indenture securities means the Issuer and any other obligor on the indenture securities.

All other Trust Indenture Act terms used in this Indenture that are defined by the Trust Indenture Act, defined by Trust Indenture Act reference to another statute or defined by SEC rule have the
meanings assigned to them by such definitions.

ARTICLE II

THE ENERGY TRANSITION BONDS

SECTION 2.01.Form. The Energy Transition Bonds and the Indenture Trustees certificate of authentication shall be in substantially the forms
set forth in Exhibit A, with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are required or permitted by this Indenture or by the Series Supplement and may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification
and such legends or endorsements placed thereon as may, consistently herewith, be determined by the Responsible Officers of the Issuer executing the Energy Transition Bonds, as evidenced by their execution of the Energy Transition Bonds.

2

The Energy Transition Bonds shall be typewritten, printed, lithographed or engraved or produced by any combination of these methods (with or without steel engraved borders), all as determined by
the Responsible Officers of the Issuer executing the Energy Transition Bonds, as evidenced by their execution of the Energy Transition Bonds.

Each Energy Transition Bond shall be dated the date of its authentication.

SECTION 2.02.Denominations: Energy Transition Bonds. The Energy Transition Bonds shall be issuable in the Authorized Denominations specified in
the Series Supplement.

The Energy Transition Bonds shall, at the election of and as authorized by a Responsible Officer of the Issuer, and set forth in the Series Supplement, be issued in one or more tranches, and shall
be designated generally as the Series 2025-A Senior Secured Energy Transition Bonds of the Issuer, with such further particular designations added or incorporated in such title for the Energy Transition Bonds of any particular tranche as a
Responsible Officer of the Issuer may determine. All Energy Transition Bonds shall be identical in all respects except for the denominations thereof, the Holder thereof, the numbering thereon and the legends thereon, unless the Energy Transition
Bonds are comprised of one or more tranches, in which case all of the Energy Transition Bonds of the same tranche shall be identical in all respects except for the denominations thereof, the Holder thereof, the numbering thereon, the legends
thereon and the CUSIP number thereon. All Energy Transition Bonds of a particular tranche shall be in all respects equally and ratably entitled to the benefits hereof without preference, priority or distinction on account of the actual time or
times of authentication and delivery, all in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Indenture.

The Energy Transition Bonds shall be created by the Series Supplement authorized by a Responsible Officer of the Issuer, which shall specify and establish the terms and provisions thereof,
including the following (which terms and provisions may differ as between tranches):

(a) designation of the tranches thereof;

(b) the principal amount of each tranche;

(c) the Bond Interest Rate of each tranche thereof or the formula, if any, used to calculate Bond Interest Rate or Bond Interest Rates for each tranche thereof;

(d) the Payment Dates for each tranche thereof;

(e) the Scheduled Payment Dates for each tranche;

(f) the Scheduled Final Payment Date of each tranche;

(g) the Final Maturity Date of each tranche;

(h) the issuance date;

(i) the Authorized Denominations;

3

(j) the Expected Sinking Fund Schedule for each tranche;

(k) the Expected Amortization Schedule for each tranche;

(l) the place or places for the payment of interest, principal and premium, if different than set forth in Section 2.08;

(m) any additional Holders;

(n) the identity of the Indenture Trustee;

(o) the Trust Estate;

(p) whether or not the Energy Transition Bonds are to be Book-Entry Energy Transition Bonds and the extent to which Section 2.11 should apply; and

(q) any other terms of the Energy Transition Bonds (or tranches thereof) that are not inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture.

SECTION 2.03. Execution, Authentication and Delivery. The Energy Transition Bonds shall be executed on behalf of the Issuer by any of its
Responsible Officers. The signature of any such Responsible Officer on the Energy Transition Bonds may be manual, electronic or facsimile.

Energy Transition Bonds bearing the manual, electronic or facsimile signature of individuals who were at any time Responsible Officers of the Issuer shall bind the Issuer, notwithstanding that such
individuals or any of them have ceased to hold such offices prior to the authentication and delivery of the Energy Transition Bonds or did not hold such offices at the date of the Energy Transition Bonds.

At any time and from time to time after the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Issuer may deliver Energy Transition Bonds executed by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to an
Issuer Order for authentication; and the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate and deliver the Energy Transition Bonds as in this Indenture provided and not otherwise.

No Energy Transition Bond shall be entitled to any benefit under this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose, unless there appears on such Energy Transition Bond a certificate of
authentication substantially in the form provided for herein executed by the Indenture Trustee by the manual, electronic or facsimile signature of one of its authorized signatories, and such certificate upon any Energy Transition Bond shall be
conclusive evidence, and the only evidence, that such Energy Transition Bond has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder.

The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Indenture and the Series Supplement shall include images of manually executed signatures transmitted by facsimile, email
or other electronic format (including, without limitation, pdf, tif or jpg) and other electronic signatures (including without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign). The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without
limitation, any contract or other record created, generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based
record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any other applicable law,
including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial Code.

4

SECTION 2.04. Temporary Energy Transition Bonds. Pending the preparation of Definitive
Energy Transition Bonds pursuant to Section 2.13, the Issuer may execute, and upon receipt of an Issuer Order the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, Temporary Energy Transition Bonds that are printed, lithographed,
typewritten, mimeographed or otherwise produced, of the tenor of the Definitive Energy Transition Bonds in lieu of which they are issued and with such variations not inconsistent with the terms of this Indenture and the Series Supplement as the
officers executing the Energy Transition Bonds may determine, as evidenced by their execution of the Energy Transition Bonds.

If Temporary Energy Transition Bonds are issued, the Issuer will cause Definitive Energy Transition Bonds to be prepared without unreasonable delay. After the preparation of Definitive Energy
Transition Bonds, the Temporary Energy Transition Bonds shall be exchangeable for Definitive Energy Transition Bonds upon surrender of the Temporary Energy Transition Bonds at the office or agency of the Issuer to be maintained as provided in Section 3.02,
without charge to the Holder. Upon surrender for cancellation of any one or more Temporary Energy Transition Bonds, the Issuer shall execute and the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor a like tranche and principal
amount of Definitive Energy Transition Bonds of authorized denominations. Until so delivered in exchange, the Temporary Energy Transition Bonds shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as Definitive Energy
Transition Bonds.

SECTION 2.05. Registration; Registration of Transfer and Exchange of Energy Transition Bonds. The Issuer shall cause to be kept a register (the
Energy Transition Bond Register) in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, the Issuer shall provide for the registration of Energy Transition Bonds and the registration of transfers of Energy Transition Bonds. 
The Indenture Trustee shall be Energy Transition Bond Registrar for the purpose of registering the Energy Transition Bonds and transfers of Energy Transition Bonds as herein provided. Upon any resignation of any Energy Transition Bond
Registrar, the Issuer shall promptly appoint a successor or, if it elects not to make such an appointment, assume the duties of Energy Transition Bond Registrar.

If a Person other than the Indenture Trustee is appointed by the Issuer as Energy Transition Bond Registrar, the Issuer will give the Indenture Trustee and the Paying Agent, if not the Indenture
Trustee, prompt written notice of the appointment of such Energy Transition Bond Registrar and of the location, and any change in the location, of the Energy Transition Bond Register, and the Indenture Trustee and any such Paying Agent shall have
the right to inspect the Energy Transition Bond Register at all reasonable times and to obtain copies thereof, and the Indenture Trustee shall have the right to rely conclusively upon a certificate executed on behalf of the Energy Transition Bond
Registrar by a Responsible Officer thereof as to the names and addresses of the Holders and the principal amounts and number of the Energy Transition Bonds (separately stated by tranche).

5

Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Energy Transition Bond at the office or agency of the Issuer to be maintained as provided in Section 3.02, provided that the requirements
of Section 8401 of the UCC are met, the Issuer shall execute, and the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate and the Holder shall obtain from the Indenture Trustee, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new Energy
Transition Bonds in any Authorized Denominations, of the same tranche and aggregate principal amount.

At the option of the Holder, Energy Transition Bonds may be exchanged for other Energy Transition Bonds in any Authorized Denominations, of the same tranche and aggregate principal amount, upon
surrender of the Energy Transition Bonds to be exchanged at such office or agency as provided in Section 3.02. Whenever any Energy Transition Bonds are so surrendered for exchange, the Issuer shall, provided that the requirements of
Section 8401 of the UCC are met, execute, and, upon any such execution, the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate and the Holder shall obtain from the Indenture Trustee, the Energy Transition Bonds that the Holder making the exchange is entitled to
receive.

All Energy Transition Bonds issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of other Energy Transition Bonds shall be the valid obligations of the Issuer, evidencing the same debt, and
entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as the Energy Transition Bonds surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.

Every Energy Transition Bond presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange shall be duly endorsed by, or be accompanied by: (a) a written instrument of transfer in form
satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee duly executed by the Holder thereof or such Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, with such signature guaranteed by an institution that is a member of: (i) The Securities Transfer Agent Medallion
Program (STAMP); (ii) The New York Stock Exchange Medallion Program (MSP); (iii) The Stock Exchange Medallion Program (SEMP); or (iv) such other signature guaranty program acceptable to the Indenture Trustee; and (b) such other documents as the
Indenture Trustee may require.

No service charge shall be made to a Holder for any registration of transfer or exchange of Energy Transition Bonds, but the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may require payment of a sum sufficient
to cover any tax or other governmental charge or any fees or expenses of the Indenture Trustee that may be imposed in connection with any registration of transfer or exchange of Energy Transition Bonds, other than exchanges pursuant to Section 2.04
or Section 2.06 not involving any transfer.

The preceding provisions of this Section 2.05 notwithstanding, the Issuer shall not be required to make, and the Energy Transition Bond Registrar need not register, transfers or exchanges
of any Energy Transition Bond that has been submitted within fifteen (15) days preceding the due date for any payment with respect to such Energy Transition Bond until after such due date has occurred.

6

SECTION 2.06. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Energy Transition Bonds. If (a) any mutilated Energy Transition Bond is surrendered to the
Indenture Trustee or the Indenture Trustee receives evidence to its satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Energy Transition Bond and (b) there is delivered to the Indenture Trustee such security or indemnity as may be required by it
to hold the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee harmless, then, in the absence of notice to the Issuer, the Energy Transition Bond Registrar or the Indenture Trustee that such Energy Transition Bond has been acquired by a Protected Purchaser, the
Issuer shall, provided that the requirements of Section 8401 of the UCC are met, execute, and, upon the Issuers written request, the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in exchange for or in lieu of any such mutilated, destroyed,
lost or stolen Energy Transition Bond, a replacement Energy Transition Bond of like tranche and principal amount, bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding; provided, however, that, if any such destroyed, lost or stolen
Energy Transition Bond, but not a mutilated Energy Transition Bond, shall have become or within seven (7) days shall be due and payable, instead of issuing a replacement Energy Transition Bond, the Issuer may pay such destroyed, lost or stolen
Energy Transition Bond when so due or payable without surrender thereof. If, after the delivery of such replacement Energy Transition Bond or payment of a destroyed, lost or stolen Energy Transition Bond pursuant to the proviso to the preceding
sentence, a Protected Purchaser of the original Energy Transition Bond in lieu of which such replacement Energy Transition Bond was issued presents for payment such original Energy Transition Bond, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee shall be
entitled to recover such replacement Energy Transition Bond (or such payment) from the Person to whom it was delivered or any Person taking such replacement Energy Transition Bond from such Person to whom such replacement Energy Transition Bond was
delivered or any assignee of such Person, except a Protected Purchaser, and shall be entitled to recover upon the security or indemnity provided therefor to the extent of any loss, damage, cost or expense incurred by the Issuer or the Indenture
Trustee in connection therewith.

Upon the issuance of any replacement Energy Transition Bond under this Section 2.06, the Issuer and/or the Indenture Trustee may require the payment by the Holder of such Energy Transition
Bond of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other reasonable expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Indenture Trustee and the Energy Transition Bond Registrar and
its counsel) in connection therewith.

Every replacement Energy Transition Bond issued pursuant to this Section 2.06 in replacement of any mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Energy Transition Bond shall constitute an original
additional contractual obligation of the Issuer, whether or not the mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Energy Transition Bond shall be found at any time or enforced by any Person, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of this Indenture
equally and proportionately with any and all other Energy Transition Bonds duly issued hereunder.

The provisions of this Section 2.06 are exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed,
lost or stolen Energy Transition Bonds.

7

SECTION 2.07. Persons Deemed Owner. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Energy Transition
Bond, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the Energy Transition Bond Registrar and any agent of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may treat the Person in whose name any Energy Transition Bond is registered (as of the day of determination) as the
owner of such Energy Transition Bond for the purpose of receiving payments of principal of and premium, if any, and interest on such Energy Transition Bond and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not such Energy Transition Bond be
overdue, and none of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee or any agent of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

SECTION 2.08. Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest; Interest on Overdue Principal; Principal, Premium, if
any, and Interest Rights Preserved.

(a) The Energy Transition Bonds shall accrue interest as provided in the Series Supplement at the applicable Bond Interest Rate, and such interest shall be payable on each applicable
Payment Date. Any installment of interest, principal or premium, if any, payable on any Energy Transition Bond that is punctually paid or duly provided for on the applicable Payment Date shall be paid to the Person in whose name such Energy
Transition Bond (or one or more predecessor Energy Transition Bonds) is registered on the Record Date for the applicable Payment Date by check mailed first-class, postage prepaid, to the Person whose name appears as the Registered Holder (or by
wire transfer to an account maintained by such Holder) in accordance with payment instructions delivered to the Indenture Trustee by such Holder, and, with respect to Book-Entry Energy Transition Bonds, payments will be made by wire transfer in
immediately available funds to the account designated by the Holder of the applicable Global Energy Transition Bond unless and until such Global Energy Transition Bond is exchanged for Definitive Energy Transition Bonds (in which event payments
shall be made as provided above) and except for the final installment of principal and premium, if any, payable with respect to such Energy Transition Bond on a Payment Date, which shall be payable as provided below.

(b) The principal of each Energy Transition Bond of each tranche shall be paid, to the extent funds are available therefor in the Collection Account, in installments on each Payment Date
specified in the Series Supplement; provided, that installments of principal not paid when scheduled to be paid in accordance with the Expected Sinking Fund Schedule shall be paid upon receipt of money available for such purpose, in the
order set forth in the Expected Sinking Fund Schedule. Failure to pay principal in accordance with such Expected Sinking Fund Schedule because moneys are not available pursuant to Section 8.02 to make such payments shall not constitute a
Default or Event of Default under this Indenture; provided, however, that failure to pay the entire unpaid principal amount of the Energy Transition Bonds of a tranche upon the Final Maturity Date for the Energy Transition Bonds of
such tranche shall constitute an Event of Default under this Indenture as set forth in Section 5.01. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the entire unpaid principal amount of the Energy Transition Bonds shall be due and payable, if not
previously paid, on the date on which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, if the Indenture Trustee or the Holders representing a majority of the Outstanding Amount of Energy Transition Bonds have declared the Energy
Transition Bonds to be immediately due and payable in the manner provided in Section 5.02. All payments of principal and premium, if any, on the Energy Transition Bonds shall be made pro rata to the Holders entitled thereto unless
otherwise provided in the Series Supplement. Upon written notice from the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee shall notify the Person in whose name an Energy Transition Bond is registered at the close of business on the Record Date preceding the Payment
Date on which the Issuer expects that the final installment of principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Energy Transition Bond will be paid. Such notice shall be mailed no later than five (5) days prior to such final Payment Date and
shall specify that such final installment will be payable only upon presentation and surrender of such Energy Transition Bond and shall specify the place where such Energy Transition Bond may be presented and surrendered for payment of such
installment.

8

(c) If interest on the Energy Transition Bonds is not paid when due, such defaulted interest shall be paid (plus interest on such defaulted interest at the applicable Bond Interest Rate to
the extent lawful) to the Persons who are Holders on a subsequent Special Record Date, which date shall be at least fifteen (15) Business Days prior to the Special Payment Date. The Issuer shall fix or cause to be fixed any such Special Record
Date and Special Payment Date, and, at least ten (10) days before any such Special Record Date, the Issuer shall mail to each affected Holder a notice that states the Special Record Date, the Special Payment Date and the amount of defaulted
interest (plus interest on such defaulted interest) to be paid.

SECTION 2.09. Cancellation. All Energy Transition Bonds surrendered for payment, registration of transfer or exchange shall, if surrendered to
any Person other than the Indenture Trustee, be delivered to the Indenture Trustee and shall be promptly canceled by the Indenture Trustee. The Issuer may at any time deliver to the Indenture Trustee for cancellation any Energy Transition Bonds
previously authenticated and delivered hereunder that the Issuer may have acquired in any manner whatsoever, and all Energy Transition Bonds so delivered shall be promptly canceled by the Indenture Trustee. No Energy Transition Bonds shall be
authenticated in lieu of or in exchange for any Energy Transition Bonds canceled as provided in this Section 2.09, except as expressly permitted by this Indenture. All canceled Energy Transition Bonds may be held or disposed of by the
Indenture Trustee in accordance with its standard retention or disposal policy as in effect at the time.

SECTION 2.10 . Outstanding Amount; Authentication and Delivery of Energy Transition Bonds. The aggregate Outstanding Amount of Energy Transition
Bonds that may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture shall not exceed the aggregate of the amount of Energy Transition Bonds that are authorized in the Financing Order, but otherwise shall be unlimited.

Energy Transition Bonds may at any time be executed by the Issuer and delivered to the Indenture Trustee for authentication and thereupon the same shall be authenticated and delivered by the
Indenture Trustee upon Issuer Request and upon delivery by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee of the following:

(a) Issuer Action. An Issuer Order authorizing and directing the authentication and delivery of the Energy Transition Bonds by the Indenture Trustee and specifying the principal
amount of Energy Transition Bonds to be authenticated.

(b) Authorizations. Copies of (i) the Financing Order, which shall be in full force and effect and be final, (ii) certified resolutions of the Managers or Member of the Issuer
authorizing the execution and delivery of the Series Supplement and the execution, authentication and delivery of the Energy Transition Bonds and (iii) the Series Supplement duly executed by the Issuer.

9

(c) Opinion Letters. An opinion letter or opinion letters, which may be delivered by one or more counsel for the Issuer, for the Servicer, or for the Seller, dated the Closing Date,
in each case subject to the customary exceptions, qualifications and assumptions contained therein, covering the following opinion points (i) all conditions precedent provided for in this Indenture relating to (A) the authentication and delivery of
the Energy Transition Bonds and (B) the execution of the Series Supplement to this Indenture dated the Closing Date have been complied with, (ii) the execution of the Series Supplement is permitted by this Indenture, (iii) such action has been
taken with respect to the recording and filing of this Indenture, any indentures supplemental hereto and any other requisite documents, including the execution and filing of such filings (including financing statements and continuation statements)
with the appropriate governmental filing office pursuant to the Securitization Act and the Financing Order, as is necessary to perfect and make effective the Lien and the perfected security interest created by this Indenture and the Series
Supplement, and, based on a review of a current report of a search of the appropriate governmental filing office, no other Lien that can be perfected solely by the filing of financing statements under the applicable Uniform Commercial Code ranks
equal or prior to the Lien of the Indenture Trustee in the Trust Estate, and reciting the details of such action, or stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, no such action is necessary to make effective the Lien, together with the other
Opinions of Counsel described in Sections 9(d) through 9(o) of the Underwriting Agreement.

(d) Authorizing Certificate. An Officers Certificate, dated the Closing Date, certifying that (i) the Issuer has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Indenture and
the Series Supplement and the execution and delivery of the Energy Transition Bonds and (ii) the Series Supplement is in the form attached thereto and complies with the requirements of Section 2.02.

(e) The Trust Estate. The Issuer shall have made or caused to be made all filings with the Louisiana UCC Filing Officer pursuant to the Financing Order and the Securitization Act
and all other filings necessary to perfect the Grant of the Trust Estate to the Indenture Trustee and the Lien of this Indenture and the Series Supplement, including UCC financing statements in Louisiana.

(f) Certificates of the Issuer and the Seller.

(i) An Officers Certificate, dated as of the Closing Date:

(A) to the effect that (1) the Issuer is not in Default under this Indenture and that the issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds will not result in any Default or in
any breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of or constitute a default under the Financing Order or any indenture, mortgage, credit agreement or other agreement or instrument to which the Issuer is a party or by which it or its
properties is bound or any order of any court or administrative agency entered in any Proceeding to which the Issuer is a party or by which it or its properties may be bound or to which it or its properties may be subject and (2) all conditions
precedent provided in this Indenture relating to the execution, authentication and delivery of the Energy Transition Bonds have been complied with;

10

(B) to the effect that: the Issuer has not assigned any interest or participation in the Trust Estate except for the Grant contained in this Indenture and the
Series Supplement; the Issuer has the power and right to Grant the Trust Estate to the Indenture Trustee as security hereunder and thereunder; and the Issuer, subject to the terms of this Indenture, has Granted to the Indenture Trustee a first
priority perfected security interest in all of its right, title and interest in and to the Trust Estate free and clear of any Lien arising as a result of actions of the Issuer or through the Issuer (except for any Lien created by the Issuer
under the Basic Documents in favor of the Holders and in accordance with Section 1276 of the Securitization Act);

(C) to the effect that the Issuer has appointed the firm of Independent registered public accountants as contemplated in Section 8.06;

(D) to the effect that the Sale Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Administration Agreement are, to the knowledge of the Issuer
(and assuming such agreements are enforceable against all parties thereto other than the Issuer and Cleco Power), in full force and effect and, to the knowledge of the Issuer, that no party is in default of its obligations under such
agreements;

(E) certifying that the Energy Transition Bonds have received the ratings from the Rating Agencies if required by the Underwriting Agreement as a condition to the
issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds; and

(F) stating that (i) all conditions precedent provided for in this Indenture relating to (a) the authentication and delivery of the Energy Transition Bonds, and (b)
the execution of the Series Supplement to this Indenture dated as of the date of this Indenture, have been complied with, (ii) the execution of the Series Supplement to this Indenture dated as of the date of this Indenture is authorized or
permitted by this Indenture, and (iii) the Issuer has delivered the documents required under this Section 2.10 and has otherwise satisfied the requirements set out in this Section 2.10, including, but not limited to, complying
with Section 2.10(f)(i) hereof.

(ii) An officers certificate from the Seller, dated as of the Closing Date, to the effect that:

11

(A) in the case of the Energy Transition Property identified in the Bill of Sale, immediately prior to the conveyance thereof to the Issuer pursuant to the Sale
Agreement: the Seller was the original and the sole owner of the Energy Transition Property, free and clear of any Lien; the Seller had not assigned any interest or participation in the Energy Transition Property and the proceeds thereof other
than to the Issuer pursuant to the Sale Agreement; the Seller has the power, authority and right to own, sell and assign such Energy Transition Property and the proceeds thereof to the Issuer; the Seller has its chief executive office in the
State of Louisiana and is a registered organization as defined in the Louisiana UCC; and the Seller, subject to the terms of the Sale Agreement, has validly sold and assigned to the Issuer all of its right, title and interest in, to and under
the Energy Transition Property and the proceeds thereof, free and clear of any Lien (except for any Lien created by the Issuer under the Basic Documents in favor of the Holders and in accordance with Section 1276 of the Securitization Act) and
such sale and assignment is absolute and irrevocable and has been perfected;

(B) immediately prior to the conveyance of the Energy Transition Property identified in the Bill of Sale to the Issuer pursuant to the Sale Agreement, the attached
copy of the Financing Order, creating the Energy Transition Property is true and complete and is in full force and effect; and

(C) the Required Capital Amount has been deposited or caused to be deposited by the Seller with the Indenture Trustee for crediting to the Capital Subaccount.

(g) Requirements of Series Supplement. Such other funds, accounts, documents, certificates, agreements, instruments or opinions as may be required by the terms of the Series
Supplement.

(h) Other Requirements. Such other documents, certificates, agreements, instruments or opinions as the Indenture Trustee may reasonably require.

SECTION 2.11. Book-Entry Energy Transition Bonds. Unless the Series Supplement provides otherwise, all of the Energy Transition Bonds shall be
issued in Book-Entry Form, and the Issuer shall execute and the Indenture Trustee shall, in accordance with this Section 2.11 and the Issuer Order, authenticate and deliver one or more Global Energy Transition Bonds, evidencing the Energy
Transition Bonds, which (a) shall be an aggregate original principal amount equal to the aggregate original principal amount of the Energy Transition Bonds to be issued pursuant to the Issuer Order, (b) shall be
registered in the name of the Clearing Agency therefor or its nominee, which shall initially be Cede & Co., as nominee for The Depository Trust Company, the initial Clearing Agency, (c) shall be delivered by the Indenture Trustee pursuant to
such Clearing Agencys or such nominees instructions and (d) shall bear a legend substantially to the effect set forth in Exhibit A to the Form of Series Supplement.

12

Each Clearing Agency designated pursuant to this Section 2.11 must, at the time of its designation and at all times while it serves as Clearing Agency hereunder, be a clearing agency
registered under the Exchange Act and any other applicable statute or regulation.

No Holder of Energy Transition Bonds issued in Book-Entry Form shall receive a Definitive Energy Transition Bond representing such Holders interest in any of the Energy Transition Bonds, except as
provided in Section 2.13. Unless (and until) certificated, fully registered Energy Transition Bonds (the Definitive Energy Transition Bonds) have been issued to the Holders pursuant to Section 2.13 or pursuant to the
Series Supplement relating thereto:

(i) the provisions of this Section 2.11 shall be in full force and effect;

(ii) the Issuer, the Servicer, the Paying Agent, the Energy Transition Bond Registrar and the Indenture Trustee may deal with the Clearing Agency for all purposes
(including the making of distributions on the Energy Transition Bonds and the giving of instructions or directions hereunder) as the authorized representative of the Holders;

(iii) to the extent that the provisions of this Section 2.11 conflict with any other provisions of this Indenture, the provisions of this Section 2.11
shall control;

(iv) the rights of Holders shall be exercised only through the Clearing Agency and the Clearing Agency Participants and shall be limited to those established by
applicable law and agreements between such Holders and the Clearing Agency and/or the Clearing Agency Participants. Pursuant to the Letter of Representations, unless and until Definitive Energy Transition Bonds are issued pursuant to Section 2.13,
the initial Clearing Agency will make book-entry transfers among the Clearing Agency Participants and receive and transmit distributions of principal of and interest on the Book-Entry Energy Transition Bonds to such Clearing Agency
Participants; and

(v) whenever this Indenture requires or permits actions to be taken based upon instruction or directions of the Holders evidencing a specified percentage of the
Outstanding Amount of Energy Transition Bonds, the Clearing Agency shall be deemed to represent such percentage only to the extent that it has received instructions to such effect from the Holders and/or the Clearing Agency Participants owning
or representing, respectively, such required percentage of the beneficial interest in the Energy Transition Bonds and has delivered such instructions to a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee.

SECTION 2.12. Notices to Clearing Agency. Unless and until Definitive Energy Transition Bonds shall have been issued to Holders pursuant to Section 2.13,
whenever notice, payment or other communications to the holders of Book-Entry Energy Transition Bonds is required under this Indenture, the Indenture Trustee, the Servicer and the Paying Agent, as applicable, shall make all such payments to, and
give all such notices and communications specified herein, to the Clearing Agency.

13

SECTION 2.13.Definitive Energy Transition Bonds. If (a) (i) the Issuer advises the Indenture Trustee in writing that the Clearing Agency is no
longer willing or able to properly discharge its responsibilities under any Letter of Representations and (ii) the Issuer is unable to locate a qualified successor Clearing Agency, (b) the Issuer, at its option, advises the Indenture Trustee in
writing that it elects to terminate the book-entry system through the Clearing Agency or (c) after the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder, Holders holding a majority of the Outstanding Amount of Energy Transition Bonds maintained as
Book-Entry Energy Transition Bonds advise the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer and the Clearing Agency (through the Clearing Agency Participants) in writing that the continuation of a book-entry system through the Clearing Agency is no longer in the
best interests of the Holders, the Issuer shall notify the Clearing Agency, the Indenture Trustee and all such Holders in writing of the occurrence of any such event and of the availability of Definitive Energy Transition Bonds to the Holders
requesting the same. Upon surrender to the Indenture Trustee of the Global Energy Transition Bonds by the Clearing Agency accompanied by registration instructions from such Clearing Agency for registration, the Issuer shall execute, and the
Indenture Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, Definitive Energy Transition Bonds in accordance with the instructions of the Clearing Agency. None of the Issuer, the Energy Transition Bond Registrar, the Paying Agent or the Indenture Trustee
shall be liable for any delay in delivery of such instructions and may conclusively rely on, and shall be fully protected in relying on, such instructions. Upon the issuance of Definitive Energy Transition Bonds, the Indenture Trustee shall
recognize the Holders of the Definitive Energy Transition Bonds as Holders hereunder without need for any consent or acknowledgement from the Holders.

Definitive Energy Transition Bonds will be transferable and exchangeable at the offices of the Energy Transition Bond Registrar.

SECTION 2.14. CUSIP Number. The Issuer in issuing any Energy Transition Bonds may use a CUSIP number and, if so used, the Indenture Trustee
shall use the CUSIP number provided to it by the Issuer in any notices to the Holders thereof as a convenience to such Holders; provided, that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness or accuracy of the
CUSIP number printed in the notice or on the Energy Transition Bonds and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Energy Transition Bonds. The Issuer shall promptly notify the Indenture Trustee in writing
of any change in the CUSIP number with respect to any Energy Transition Bond.

SECTION 2.15. Letter of Representations. The Issuer shall comply with the terms of each Letter of Representations
applicable to the Issuer.

SECTION 2.16.Tax Treatment. The Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, by entering into this Indenture, and the Holders and any Persons holding a
beneficial interest in any Energy Transition Bond, by acquiring any Energy Transition Bond or interest therein, (a) express their intention that, solely for the purposes of U.S. federal taxes and, to the extent consistent with applicable state,
local and other tax law, solely for the purposes of state, local and other taxes, the Energy Transition Bonds qualify under applicable tax law as indebtedness of the Member secured by the Trust Estate and (b) solely for the purposes of U.S. federal
taxes and, to the extent consistent with applicable state, local and other tax law, solely for purposes of state, local and other taxes, so long as any of the Energy Transition Bonds are outstanding, agree to treat the Energy Transition Bonds as
indebtedness of the Member secured by the Trust Estate unless otherwise required by appropriate taxing authorities.

14

SECTION 2.17. State Pledge and Louisiana Commission Pledge. Each Energy Transition Bond shall state that the Securitization Act provides that
the state [State of Louisiana] and the Legislature of Louisiana each pledge to and agree with bondholders, the owners of the energy transition property, and other financing parties that, until the financing costs and the energy transition bonds
and any ancillary agreements have been paid and performed in full, the state and the Legislature of Louisiana shall not do any of the following:

(a) Alter the provisions of this Part [the Securitization Act] that authorize the commission to create an irrevocable contract right by the issuance of a financing order, to create energy
transition property, and to make the energy transition charges imposed by a financing order irrevocable, binding, and nonbypassable charges.

(b) Take or permit any action that impairs or would impair the value of energy transition property.

(c) Take or permit any action that impairs or would impair the rights and remedies of the issuer, any other assignee, such bondholders or other financing parities, or the security for the energy
transition bonds or ancillary agreements.

(d) Except as provided for in this Section [Section 1279 of the Securitization Act] and except for adjustments under any true-up mechanism established by the commission, reduce, alter, or impair
energy transition charges that are to be imposed, collected, and remitted for the benefit of the bondholders and other financing parties until any and all principal, interest, premium, financing costs and other fees, expenses, or charges incurred,
and any contracts to be performed, in connection with the related energy transition bonds have been paid and performed in full.

(2) Nothing in this Subsection [Section 1279B of the Securitization Act] shall preclude limitation or alteration if and when full compensation is made by law for the full protection of the energy
transition charges imposed, charged, and collected pursuant to a financing order and full protection of the holders of energy transition bonds and any assignee or financing party.

In addition, the Financing Order, and each Energy Transition Bond shall so recite, provides [that the Louisiana Commission covenants, pledges, and agrees it
thereafter shall not amend, modify, or terminate th[e] Financing Order by any subsequent action or reduce, impair, postpone, terminate, or otherwise adjust the energy transition charges approved in th[e]

Financing Order, or in any way reduce or impair the value of the energy transition property created by th[e] Financing Order, except as may be contemplated by a refinancing authorized in strict
accordance with the Securitization Act by a subsequent order of the Commission or by the periodic true-up adjustments authorized by th[e] Financing Order, until the indefeasible payment in full of the
energy transition bonds, any ancillary agreements, and the related financing costs.]

The Issuer hereby acknowledges that the purchase of any Energy Transition Bond by a Holder or the purchase of any beneficial interest in an Energy Transition Bond by any Person and the Indenture
Trustees obligations to perform hereunder are made in reliance on such agreement and pledge by the State of Louisiana and the Louisiana Commission.

15

SECTION 2.18.Security Interests. The Issuer hereby makes the following representations and warranties. Other than the security interests
granted to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Indenture, the Issuer has not pledged, granted, sold, conveyed or otherwise assigned any interests or security interests in the Trust Estate and no security agreement, financing statement or
equivalent security or Lien instrument listing the Issuer as debtor covering all or any part of the Trust Estate is on file or of record in any jurisdiction, except such as may have been filed, recorded or made by the Issuer in favor of the
Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Holders in connection with this Indenture. This Indenture together with the Series Supplement create a valid and continuing Lien on, and first priority perfected security interest (as defined in the UCC) in, the
Trust Estate in favor of the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Holders, which Lien and security interest is prior to all other Liens and is enforceable as such as against creditors of and purchasers from the Issuer in accordance with its terms,
except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally or by general equitable principles, whether considered in a
proceeding at law or in equity and by an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. The Issuer has good and marketable title to the Trust Estate free and clear of any Lien of any Person (except for any Lien created by the Issuer under the
Basic Documents in favor of the Holders and in accordance with Section 1276 of the Securitization Act). The Issuer has taken, or caused the Servicer to take, all action necessary to perfect the security interest in the Trust Estate granted to the
Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Holders. The Issuer has filed (or has caused the Servicer to file) all appropriate financing statements in the proper filing offices in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law in order to
perfect the security interest in the Trust Estate granted to the Indenture Trustee. The Issuer has not authorized the filing of and is not aware, after due inquiry, of any financing statements against the Issuer that include a description of the
Trust Estate other than those filed in favor of the Indenture Trustee. The Issuer is not aware of any judgment or tax lien filings against the Issuer. The Collection Account (including all Subaccounts thereof other than the Capital Subaccount)
constitutes a securities account within the meaning of the UCC and the Capital Subaccount constitutes a deposit account within the meaning of the UCC. The Issuer has taken all steps necessary to cause the
Securities Intermediary of each such securities account to identify in its records the Indenture Trustee as the Person having a security entitlement against the Securities Intermediary in such securities account, no Collection Account is in the
name of any Person other than the Indenture Trustee, and the Issuer has not consented to the Securities Intermediary of the Collection Account to comply with entitlement orders of any Person other than the Indenture Trustee. All of the Trust
Estate constituting investment property has been and will have been credited to the Collection Account or a Subaccount thereof, and the Securities Intermediary for the Collection Account has agreed to treat all assets credited to the Collection
Account (other than cash) as financial assets within the meaning of the UCC and cash will be allocated to the Capital Subaccount. Accordingly, the Indenture Trustee has a first priority perfected security interest in the Collection
Account, all funds and financial assets on deposit therein, and all securities entitlements relating thereto. The representations and warranties set forth in this Section 2.18 shall survive the execution and delivery of this Indenture and
the issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds, shall be deemed re-made on each date on which any funds in the Collection Account are distributed to the Issuer as provided in Section 8.04 or otherwise released from the Lien of this Indenture
and may not be waived by any party hereto except pursuant to a supplemental indenture executed in accordance with Article IX and as to which the Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied.

16

ARTICLE III

COVENANTS

SECTION 3.01.Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest. The principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Energy Transition
Bonds shall be duly and punctually paid by the Issuer, or the Servicer on behalf of the Issuer, in accordance with the terms of the Energy Transition Bonds and this Indenture and the Series Supplement; provided, that, except on a Final
Maturity Date of a tranche or upon the acceleration of the Energy Transition Bonds following the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Issuer shall only be obligated to pay the principal of such Energy Transition Bonds on each Payment Date
therefor to the extent moneys are available for such payment pursuant to Section 8.02. Amounts properly withheld under the Code, the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder or other tax laws by any Person from a payment to any Holder
of interest or principal or premium, if any, shall be considered as having been paid by the Issuer to such Holder for all purposes of this Indenture.

SECTION 3.02. Maintenance of Office or Agency. The Issuer shall initially maintain in Pineville, Louisiana an
office or agency where Energy Transition Bonds may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange. The Issuer shall give prompt written notice to the Indenture Trustee of the location, and of any change in the location, of any such office
or agency. The Issuer hereby initially appoints the Indenture Trustee to serve as its agent for the foregoing purposes, and the office of the Indenture Trustee at the BNY Mellon Trust Company, N.A., Corporate
Trust, 2001 Bryan Street, 10th Floor, Dallas Texas 75201, Attn: Transfer Exchange Cleco Power Office shall serve as the offices provided above in this Section 3.02. If at any time the Issuer shall fail to maintain any such
office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Indenture Trustee with the address thereof, such surrenders may be made at the office of the Indenture Trustee located at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee, and the Issuer hereby
appoints the Indenture Trustee as its agent to receive all such surrenders.

SECTION 3.03. Money for Payments To Be Held in Trust. As provided in Section
8.02(a), all payments of amounts due and payable with respect to any Energy Transition Bonds that are to be made from amounts withdrawn from the Collection Account pursuant to Section 8.02(e) shall be made on behalf of the Issuer by
the Indenture Trustee or by another Paying Agent, and no amounts so withdrawn from the Collection Account for payments with respect to any Energy Transition Bonds shall be paid over to the Issuer except as provided in this Section 3.03 and
Section 8.02.

Each Paying Agent shall meet the eligibility criteria set forth for the Indenture Trustee under Section 6.11. The Issuer will cause each Paying Agent other than the Indenture Trustee to
execute and deliver to the Indenture Trustee an instrument in which such Paying Agent shall agree with the Indenture Trustee (and if the Indenture Trustee acts as Paying Agent, it hereby so agrees), subject to the provisions of this Section 3.03,
that such Paying Agent will:

(a) hold all sums held by it for the payment of amounts due with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled thereto until such sums shall be
paid to such Persons or otherwise disposed of as herein provided and pay such sums to such Persons as herein provided;

17

(b) give the Indenture Trustee, unless the Indenture Trustee is the Paying Agent, and the Rating Agencies written notice of any Default by the Issuer of which it has actual knowledge in the
making of any payment required to be made with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds;

(c) at any time during the continuance of any such Default, upon the written request of the Indenture Trustee, forthwith pay to the Indenture Trustee all sums so held in trust by such
Paying Agent;

(d) immediately, with notice to the Rating Agencies, resign as a Paying Agent and forthwith pay to the Indenture Trustee all sums held by it in trust for the payment of Energy Transition
Bonds if at any time the Paying Agent determines that it has ceased to meet the standards required to be met by a Paying Agent at the time of such determination; and

(e) comply with all requirements of the Code, the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder and other tax laws with respect to the withholding from any payments made by it on any Energy
Transition Bonds of any applicable withholding taxes imposed thereon and with respect to any applicable reporting requirements in connection therewith.

The Issuer may at any time, for the purpose of obtaining the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or for any other purpose, pay, or by Issuer Order direct any Paying Agent to pay to the
Indenture Trustee all sums held in trust by such Paying Agent, such sums to be held by the Indenture Trustee upon the same trusts as those upon which the sums were held by such Paying Agent; and, upon such payment by any Paying Agent to the
Indenture Trustee, such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such money.

Subject to applicable laws with respect to escheatment of funds, any money held by the Indenture Trustee or any Paying Agent in trust for the payment of any amount due with respect to any Energy
Transition Bond and remaining unclaimed for two years after such amount has become due and payable shall be discharged from such trust and be paid to the Issuer upon receipt of an Issuer Request; and, subject to Section 10.14, the Holder of
such Energy Transition Bond shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Issuer for payment thereof (but only to the extent of the amounts so paid to the Issuer), and all liability of the Indenture Trustee or such Paying
Agent with respect to such trust money shall thereupon cease; provided, however, that the Indenture Trustee or such Paying Agent, before being required to make any such repayment, may at the expense of the Issuer, cause to be
published once, in a newspaper published in the English language, customarily published on each Business Day and of general circulation in The City of New York, notice that such money remains unclaimed and that, after a date specified therein,
which shall not be less than thirty (30) days from the date of such publication, any unclaimed balance of such money then remaining will be repaid to the Issuer. The Indenture Trustee may also adopt and employ, at the written direction and expense
of the Issuer, any other reasonable means of notification of such repayment (including mailing notice of such repayment to Holders whose right to or interest in moneys due and payable but not claimed is determinable from the records of the
Indenture Trustee or of any Paying Agent, at the last address of record for each such Holder).

18

SECTION 3.04.Existence. The Issuer shall keep in full effect its existence, rights and franchises as a limited liability company under the laws
of the State of Louisiana (unless it becomes, or any successor Issuer hereunder is or becomes, organized under the laws of any other State or of the United States of America, in which case the Issuer will keep in full effect its existence, rights
and franchises under the laws of such other jurisdiction) and will obtain and preserve its qualification to do business in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is or shall be necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of this
Indenture, the other Basic Documents, the Energy Transition Bonds, the Trust Estate and each other instrument or agreement referenced herein or therein.

SECTION 3.05. Protection of Trust Estate. The Issuer shall from time to time execute and deliver all such supplements and amendments hereto and
all filings with the Louisiana UCC Filing Officer pursuant to the Financing Order or to the Securitization Act and all financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance and other instruments, and shall take such other
action necessary or advisable, to:

(a) maintain or preserve the Lien (and the priority thereof) of this Indenture and the Series Supplement or carry out more effectively the purposes hereof;

(b) perfect, publish notice of or protect the validity of any Grant made or to be made by this Indenture;

(c) enforce any of the Trust Estate;

(d) preserve and defend title to the Trust Estate and the rights of the Indenture Trustee and the Holders in the Trust Estate against the Claims of all Persons, including a challenge by
any party to the validity or enforceability of the Financing Order, the Energy Transition Property or any Proceeding relating thereto and institute any action or proceeding necessary to compel performance by the Louisiana Commission or the State of
Louisiana of any of its obligations or duties under the Securitization Act, the State Pledge, the Louisiana Commission Pledge, or the Financing Order, as the case may be; and

(e) pay any and all taxes levied or assessed upon all or any part of the Trust Estate.

The Indenture Trustee is specifically permitted and authorized, but not required to file financing statements covering the Trust Estate, including financing statements that describe the Trust Estate as all assets
or all personal property of the Issuer; provided, however, that such authorization shall not be deemed to be an obligation and it being understood and agreed that the Indenture Trustee shall not be responsible for filing any
financing statement unless directed to do so in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3.05 and shall have no obligation or duty to prepare, authorize, execute or file such documents.

19

SECTION 3.06. Opinions as to Trust Estate.

(a) Not later than March 31 of each calendar year beginning with March 31, 2026, the Issuer shall furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Opinion of Counsel of the Issuer either stating that,
in the opinion of such counsel, such action has been taken with respect to the recording, filing, re-recording and refiling of this Indenture, any indentures supplemental hereto and any other requisite documents, including the execution and filing
of such filings (including financing statements and continuation statements) with the Louisiana UCC Filing Officer pursuant to the Securitization Act and the Financing Order, as is necessary to maintain the Issuers and the Indenture Trustees
interest in the Energy Transition Property, the Lien and the perfected security interest created by this Indenture and reciting the details of such action, or stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, no such action is necessary to maintain the
Lien and security interest. Such Opinion of Counsel shall also describe the recording, filing, re-recording and refiling of this Indenture, any indentures supplemental hereto and any other requisite documents including the execution and filing of
any filings of financing statements and continuation statements with the Louisiana UCC Filing Officer that will, in the opinion of such counsel, be required within the 12-month period following the date of such opinion to maintain the Lien and the
perfected security interest created by this Indenture and the Series Supplement.

(b) Prior to the effectiveness of any amendment to the Sale Agreement, the Servicing Agreement or the Intercreditor Agreement, the Issuer shall furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Opinion
of Counsel of external counsel of the Issuer either (i) stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, all filings, including UCC financing statements and other filings with the Louisiana UCC Filing Officer pursuant to the Securitization Act or the
Financing Order have been executed and filed that are necessary fully to preserve and protect the Lien and the perfected security interest created by this Indenture and the Series Supplement, and reciting the details of such filings or referring to
prior Opinions of Counsel in which such details are given, or (ii) stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, no such action shall be necessary to preserve and protect the Lien and the security interest.

SECTION 3.07. Performance of Obligations; Servicing; SEC Filings.

(a) The Issuer (i) shall diligently pursue any and all actions to enforce its rights under each instrument or agreement included in the Trust Estate and (ii) shall not take any action and
shall use its best efforts not to permit any action to be taken by others that would release any Person from any of such Persons covenants or obligations under any such instrument or agreement or that would result in the amendment, hypothecation,
subordination, termination or discharge of, or impair the validity or effectiveness of, any such instrument or agreement, except, in each case, as expressly provided in this Indenture, the Series Supplement, the Sale Agreement, the Servicing
Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement or such other instrument or agreement.

(b) The Issuer may contract with other Persons selected with due care to assist it in performing its duties under this Indenture, and any performance of such duties by a Person identified to
the Indenture Trustee herein or in an Officers Certificate shall be deemed to be action taken by the Issuer. Initially, the Issuer has contracted with the Servicer to assist the Issuer in performing its duties under this Indenture.

(c) The Issuer shall punctually perform and observe all of its obligations and agreements contained in this Indenture, the Series Supplement, the other Basic Documents and the instruments
and agreements included in the Trust Estate, including filing or causing to be filed all filings with the Louisiana UCC Filing Officer pursuant to the Securitization Act or the Financing Order, all UCC financing statements and all continuation
statements required to be filed by it by the terms of this Indenture, the Series Supplement, the Sale Agreement and the Servicing Agreement in accordance with and within the time periods provided for herein and therein.

20

(d) If the Issuer shall have knowledge of the occurrence of a Servicer Default under the Servicing Agreement, the Issuer shall promptly give written notice thereof to the Indenture Trustee
and the Rating Agencies and shall specify in such notice the response or action, if any, the Issuer has taken or is taking with respect to such Servicer Default. If a Servicer Default shall arise from the failure of the Servicer to perform any of
its duties or obligations under the Servicing Agreement with respect to the Energy Transition Property or the Energy Transition Charges, the Issuer shall take all reasonable steps available to it to remedy such failure.

(e) As promptly as possible after the giving of notice of termination to the Servicer and the Rating Agencies of the Servicers rights and powers pursuant toSection 7.01 of the Servicing Agreement, the Indenture Trustee shall, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, at the written direction either (a) of the Holders evidencing a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the
Energy Transition Bonds, or (b) of the Louisiana Commission, appoint a successor Servicer (the Successor Servicer) with the Issuers prior written consent thereto (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), and such Successor Servicer
shall accept its appointment by a written assumption in a form acceptable to the Issuer. A Person shall qualify as a Successor Servicer only if such Person satisfies the requirements of the Servicing Agreement and the Financing Order relating to a
Successor Servicer. If, within thirty (30) days after the delivery of the notice referred to above, a new Servicer shall not have been appointed, the Indenture Trustee may, at the expense of the Issuer, petition the Louisiana Commission or a court
of competent jurisdiction to appoint a Successor Servicer. In connection with any such appointment, Cleco Power may make such arrangements for the compensation of such Successor Servicer as it and such successor shall agree, subject to the
limitations set forth in Section 6.07 of the Servicing Agreement and in the Financing Order.

(f) Upon any termination of the Servicers rights and powers pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, the Indenture Trustee shall promptly notify the Issuer, the Holders and the Rating Agencies
of such termination. As soon as a Successor Servicer is appointed, the Indenture Trustee shall notify the Issuer, the Holders and the Rating Agencies of such appointment, specifying in such notice the name and address of such Successor Servicer.

(g) The Issuer shall (or shall cause Cleco Power to) post on its website (which for this purpose may be the website of any direct or indirect parent company of the Issuer) and, to the
extent consistent with the Issuers and Cleco Powers obligations under applicable law, file with or furnish to the SEC in periodic reports and other reports as are required from time to time under Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act,
the following information (other than any such information filed with the SEC and publicly available to investors unless the Issuer specifically requests such items to be posted) with respect to the Outstanding Energy Transition Bonds, in each case
to the extent such information is reasonably available to the Issuer:

(i) a statement reporting the balances in the Collection Account and in each Subaccount of the Collection Account as of all Payment Dates (to be included on the next
Form 10-D filed) and as of the end of each year (to be included on the next Form 10-K filed);

21

(ii) the Semi-Annual Servicers Certificate as required to be submitted pursuant to the Servicing Agreement (to be filed with a Form 10-D, Form 10-K or Form 8-K, or
successor forms thereto);

(iii) the Monthly Servicers Certificate as required to be submitted pursuant to the Servicing Agreement;

(iv) the text (or a link to the website where a reader can find the text) of each filing of a True-Up Adjustment and the results of each such filing;

(v) any change in the long-term or short-term credit ratings of the Servicer assigned by the Rating Agencies;

(vi) material legislative enactment or regulatory order or rule directly relevant to the Outstanding Energy Transition Bonds (to be filed or furnished in a Form 8-K);
and

(vii) any reports and other information that the Issuer is required to file with the SEC under the Exchange Act, including but not limited to periodic and current
reports related to the Energy Transition Bonds consistent with the disclosure and reporting regime established in Regulation AB.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall preclude the Issuer from voluntarily suspending or terminating its filing obligations as Issuer with the SEC to the extent permitted by applicable law. Any such
reports or information delivered to the Indenture Trustee for purposes of this Section 3.07(g) is for informational purposes only, and the Indenture Trustees receipt of such reports or information shall not constitute constructive notice
of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Issuers compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the Indenture Trustee is entitled to conclusively rely on an Officers
Certificate).

(h) The Issuer shall direct the Indenture Trustee to post on the Indenture Trustees website for investors (based solely on information set forth in the Semi-Annual Servicers Certificate)
with respect to the Outstanding Energy Transition Bonds, to the extent such information is set forth in the Semi-Annual Servicers Certificate, a statement showing the balance of Outstanding Energy Transition Bonds that reflects the actual payments
made on the Energy Transition Bonds during the applicable period.

The address of the Indenture Trustees website for investors is https://gctinvestorreporting.bnymellon.com. The Indenture Trustee shall immediately notify the Issuer, the Holders and the Rating Agencies of any
change to the address of the website for investors.

(i) The Issuer shall make all filings required under the Financing Order relating to the transfer of the ownership or security interest in the Energy Transition Property other than those
required to be made by the Seller or the Servicer pursuant to the Basic Documents.

SECTION 3.08.Certain Negative Covenants. So long as Energy Transition Bonds are Outstanding, the Issuer shall not:

22

(a) except as expressly permitted by this Indenture and the other Basic Documents, sell, transfer, convey, exchange or otherwise dispose of any of the properties or assets of the Issuer,
including those included in the Trust Estate, unless in accordance with Article V;

(b) claim any credit on, or make any deduction from the principal or premium, if any, or interest payable in respect of, the Energy Transition Bonds (other than amounts properly withheld
from such payments under the Code, the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder or other tax laws) or assert any claim against any present or former Holder by reason of the payment of the taxes levied or assessed upon any part of the Trust
Estate;

(c) terminate its existence or dissolve or liquidate in whole or in part, except in a transaction permitted by Section 3.10;

(d) (i) permit the validity or effectiveness of this Indenture or the other Basic Documents to be impaired, or permit the Lien of this Indenture to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated,
terminated or discharged, or permit any Person to be released from any covenants or obligations with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds under this Indenture except as may be expressly permitted hereby, (ii) permit any Lien (other than the Lien
of this Indenture) to be created on or extend to or otherwise arise upon or burden the Trust Estate or any part thereof or any interest therein or the proceeds thereof (other than tax liens arising by operation of law with respect to amounts not
yet due) or (iii) permit the Lien of this Indenture not to constitute a valid first priority perfected security interest in the Trust Estate;

(e) elect to be classified as an association taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or otherwise take any action, file any tax return or make any election inconsistent
with the treatment of the Issuer, for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, to the extent consistent with applicable state tax law, state income and franchise tax purposes, as a disregarded entity that is not separate from the sole owner of the
Issuer;

(f) change its name, identity or structure or the location of its chief executive office or state of formation, unless at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the effective date of any
such change the Issuer delivers to the Indenture Trustee (with copies to the Rating Agencies) such documents, instruments or agreements, executed by the Issuer, as are necessary to reflect such change and to continue the perfection of the security
interest of this Indenture and the Series Supplement and the transfer of the Energy Transition Property pursuant to the Sale Agreement;

(g) take any action that is subject to a Rating Agency Condition without satisfying the Rating Agency Condition;

(h) except to the extent permitted by applicable law, voluntarily suspend or terminate its filing obligations with the SEC as described in Section 3.07(g); or

(i) issue any debt obligations other than the Energy Transition Bonds.

SECTION 3.09. Annual Statement as to Compliance. The Issuer will deliver to the Indenture Trustee and the Rating Agencies not later than March
31 of each year (commencing with March 31, 2026), an Officers Certificate stating, as to the Responsible Officer signing such Officers Certificate, that:

23

(a) a review of the activities of the Issuer during the preceding twelve (12) months ended December 31 (or, in the case of the first such Officers Certificate, since the date hereof) and
of performance under this Indenture has been made; and

(b) to the best of such Responsible Officers knowledge, based on such review, the Issuer has in all material respects complied with all conditions and covenants under this Indenture
throughout such 12-month period (or such shorter period in the case of the first such Officers Certificate), or, if there has been a default in the compliance of any such condition or covenant, specifying each such default known to such
Responsible Officer and the nature and status thereof.

SECTION 3.10. Issuer May Consolidate, etc., Only on Certain Terms.

(a) The Issuer shall not consolidate or merge with or into any other Person or sell substantially all of the assets of the Issuer to any other Person, unless:

(i) the Person (if other than the Issuer) formed by or surviving such consolidation or merger or to whom substantially all of the assets of the Issuer are sold shall
(A) be a Person organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America or any State, (B) expressly assume, by an indenture supplemental hereto, executed and delivered to the Indenture Trustee, in form and substance satisfactory
to the Indenture Trustee, the performance or observance of every agreement and covenant of this Indenture and the Series Supplement on the part of the Issuer to be performed or observed, all as provided herein and in the Series Supplement, and
(C) assume all obligations and succeed to all rights of the Issuer under the Sale Agreement, the Servicing Agreement and the other Basic Documents to which the Issuer is a party (or under which the Issuer has rights) pursuant to an assignment
and assumption agreement executed and delivered to the Indenture Trustee;

(ii) immediately after giving effect to such merger, consolidation or sale, no Default, Event of Default or Servicer Default shall have occurred and be continuing;

(iii) prior notice shall be given to the Rating Agencies and the Rating Agency Condition shall have been satisfied with respect to such merger, consolidation or sale;

(iv) the Issuer shall have delivered to Cleco Power, the Indenture Trustee and the Rating Agencies an opinion or opinions of outside tax counsel (as selected by the Issuer, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Cleco
Power and the Indenture Trustee, and which may be based on a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service) to the effect that such merger, consolidation or sale will not result in a material adverse U.S. federal or state income tax
consequence to the Issuer, Cleco Power, the Indenture Trustee or the then-existing Holders;

(v) none of the Energy Transition Property, the Financing Order or the Issuers rights under the Securitization Act or the Financing Order are impaired by such merger, consolidation or sale; 

(vi) any action as is necessary to maintain the Lien and the perfected security interest in the Trust Estate created by this Indenture and the Series Supplement shall have been taken as evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel of
external counsel of the Issuer delivered to the Indenture Trustee; and

24

(vii) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel of external counsel of the Issuer each stating that
such merger, consolidation or sale and such supplemental indenture comply with this Indenture and the Series Supplement and that all conditions precedent herein provided for in this Section 3.10(a) with respect to such transaction have
been complied with (including any filing required by the Exchange Act).

(b) Except as specifically provided herein, the Issuer shall not sell, convey, exchange, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or assets included in the Trust Estate, to
any Person, unless:

(i) the Person that acquires the properties and assets of the Issuer, the conveyance or transfer of which is hereby restricted, (A) shall be a United States citizen
or a Person organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America or any State, (B) expressly assumes, by an indenture supplemental hereto, executed and delivered to the Indenture Trustee, in form and substance satisfactory to
the Indenture Trustee, the performance or observance of every agreement and covenant of this Indenture on the part of the Issuer to be performed or observed, all as provided herein and in the Series Supplement, (C) expressly agrees by means of
such supplemental indenture that all right, title and interest so sold, conveyed, exchanged, transferred or otherwise disposed of shall be subject and subordinate to the rights of Holders, (D) unless otherwise provided in the supplemental
indenture referred to in Section 3.10(b)(i)(B), expressly agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee against and from any loss, liability or expense arising under or related to this Indenture, the
Series Supplement and the Energy Transition Bonds, (E) expressly agrees by means of such supplemental indenture that such Person (or if a group of Persons, then one specified Person) shall make all filings with the SEC (and any other
appropriate Person) required by the Exchange Act in connection with the Trust Estate and the Energy Transition Bonds and (F) if such sale, conveyance, exchange, transfer or disposal relates to the Issuers rights and obligations under the Sale
Agreement, the Administration Agreement or the Servicing Agreement, assumes all obligations and succeeds to all rights of the Issuer under the Sale Agreement, the Administration Agreement and the Servicing Agreement, as applicable;

(ii) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default, Event of Default or Servicer Default shall have occurred and be continuing;

(iii) the Rating Agency Condition shall have been satisfied with respect to such transaction;

(iv) the Issuer shall have delivered to Cleco Power, the Indenture Trustee and the Rating Agencies an opinion or opinions of outside tax counsel (as selected by the
Issuer, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Cleco Power, and which may be based on a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service) to the effect that the disposition will not result in a material adverse U.S. federal or state income
tax consequence to the Issuer, Cleco Power, the Indenture Trustee or the then-existing Holders;

25

(v) any action as is necessary to maintain the Lien and the perfected security interest in the Trust Estate created by this Indenture shall have been taken as
evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel of external counsel of the Issuer delivered to the Indenture Trustee; and

(vi) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel of external counsel of the Issuer each stating that
such sale, conveyance, exchange, transfer or other disposition and such supplemental indenture comply with this Indenture and that all conditions precedent herein provided for in this Section 3.10(b) with respect to such transaction
have been complied with (including any filing required by the Exchange Act).

SECTION 3.11. Successor or Transferee.

(a) Upon any consolidation or merger of the Issuer in accordance with Section 3.10(a), the Person formed by or surviving such consolidation or merger (if other than the Issuer)
shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer under this Indenture with the same effect as if such Person had been named as the Issuer herein.

(b) Except as set forth in Section 6.07, upon a sale, conveyance, exchange, transfer or other disposition of all the assets and properties of the Issuer in accordance with Section

3.10(b), the Issuer will be released from every covenant and agreement of this Indenture and the other Basic Documents to be observed or performed on the part of the Issuer with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds and the Energy Transition
Property immediately following the consummation of such acquisition upon the delivery of written notice to the Indenture Trustee from the Person acquiring such assets and properties stating that the Issuer is to be so released.

SECTION 3.12. No Other Business. The Issuer shall not engage in any business other than financing, purchasing, owning, administering, managing
and servicing the Energy Transition Property and the assets in the Trust Estate and the issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds in the manner contemplated by the Financing Order and this Indenture and the other Basic Documents and activities
incidental thereto.

SECTION 3.13. No Borrowing. The Issuer shall not issue, incur, assume, guarantee or otherwise become liable, directly or indirectly, for any
indebtedness except for the Energy Transition Bonds permitted by this Indenture and any other indebtedness expressly permitted by or arising under the Basic Documents.

SECTION 3.14. Servicers Obligations. The Issuer shall enforce the Servicers compliance with and performance of all of the Servicers material
obligations under the Servicing Agreement.

SECTION 3.15. Guarantees, Loans, Advances and Other Liabilities. Except as otherwise contemplated by the Sale Agreement, the Servicing Agreement
or this Indenture, the Issuer shall not make any loan or advance or credit to, or guarantee (directly or indirectly or by an instrument having the effect of assuring anothers payment or performance on any obligation or capability of so doing or
otherwise), endorse or otherwise become contingently liable, directly or indirectly, in connection with the obligations, stocks or dividends of, or own, purchase, repurchase or acquire (or agree contingently to do so) any stock, obligations, assets
or securities of, or any other interest in, or make any capital contribution to, any other Person.

26

SECTION 3.16. Capital Expenditures. Other than the purchase of Energy Transition Property from the Seller under the Sale Agreement, the Issuer
shall not make any expenditure (by long-term or operating lease or otherwise) for capital assets (either realty or personalty).

SECTION 3.17. Restricted Payments. Except as provided in Section 8.04(c), the Issuer shall not, directly or indirectly, (a) pay any
dividend or make any distribution (by reduction of capital or otherwise), whether in cash, property, securities or a combination thereof, to any owner of an interest in the Issuer or otherwise with respect to any ownership or equity interest or
similar security in or of the Issuer, (b) redeem, purchase, retire or otherwise acquire for value any such ownership or equity interest or similar security or (c) set aside or otherwise segregate any amounts for any such purpose; provided,
however, that, if no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would be caused thereby, the Issuer may make, or cause to be made, any such distributions to any owner of an interest in the Issuer or otherwise with respect to
any ownership or equity interest or similar security in or of the Issuer using funds distributed to the Issuer pursuant to Section 8.02(e)(x) to the extent that such distributions would not cause the balance of the Capital Subaccount to
decline below the Required Capital Amount. The Issuer will not, directly or indirectly, make payments to or distributions from the Collection Account except in accordance with this Indenture and the other Basic Documents.

SECTION 3.18. Notice of Events of Default. The Issuer agrees to give the Indenture
Trustee and the Rating Agencies prompt written notice in the form of an Officers Certificate of each Default or Event of Default hereunder as provided in Section 5.01, and upon the actual knowledge of a Responsible Officer of the Issuer
thereof each default on the part of the Seller or the Servicer of its obligations under the Sale Agreement or the Servicing Agreement, respectively.

SECTION 3.19.Further Instruments and Acts. Upon request of the Indenture Trustee or as required by applicable law, the Issuer shall execute and
deliver such further instruments and do such further acts as may be reasonably necessary or proper to carry out more effectively the purpose of this Indenture and to maintain the first priority perfected security interest of the Indenture Trustee
in the Trust Estate.

SECTION 3.20. Inspection. The Issuer agrees that, on reasonable prior notice, it will
permit any representative of the Indenture Trustee, during the Issuers normal business hours, to examine all the books of account, records, reports and other papers of the Issuer, to make copies and extracts therefrom, to cause such books to be
audited annually by Independent registered public accountants, and to discuss the Issuers affairs, finances and accounts with the Issuers officers, employees and Independent registered public accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often
as may be reasonably requested. The Indenture Trustee shall hold and shall cause its representatives to hold in confidence all such information except to the extent disclosure may be required by applicable law (and all reasonable applications for
confidential treatment are unavailing) and except to the extent that the Indenture Trustee may reasonably determine that such disclosure is consistent with its obligations hereunder. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the preceding
sentence shall not be construed to prohibit (a) disclosure of any and all information that is or becomes publicly known, or information obtained by the Indenture Trustee from sources other than the Issuer, provided such parties are rightfully in
possession of such information, (b) disclosure of any and all information (i) if required to do so by any applicable statute, law, rule or regulation, (ii) pursuant to any subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar demand or request of any
court or regulatory authority exercising its proper jurisdiction, (iii) in any preliminary or final prospectus, registration statement or other document a copy of which has been filed with the SEC, (iv) to any affiliate, independent or internal
auditor, agent, employee or attorney of the Indenture Trustee having a need to know the same, provided that such parties agree to be bound by the confidentiality provisions contained in this Section 3.20, or (v) to any Rating Agency or (c)
any other disclosure authorized by the Issuer.

27

SECTION 3.21. Economic Sanctions.

(a) The Issuer covenants and represents that neither it nor any of its subsidiaries, managers, officers or affiliates they control are the target or
subject of any sanctions enforced by the U.S. Government, (including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State), the United Nations Security Council, the
European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively Sanctions).

(b) The Issuer covenants and represents that neither it nor any of its subsidiaries, managers, officers or affiliates they control will directly or
indirectly use any payments made pursuant to this Indenture or any of the other Basic Documents, (i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any person who, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject or target of
Sanctions, (ii) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any country or territory that is the target or subject of Sanctions, or (iii) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by any person.

SECTION 3.22.[Reserved]

SECTION 3.23.Sale Agreement, Servicing Agreement, Intercreditor Agreement and Administration Agreement Covenants.

(a) The Issuer agrees to take all such lawful actions to enforce its rights under the Sale Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Administration Agreement and
the other Basic Documents, and to compel or secure the performance and observance by the Seller, the Servicer and the Administrator of each of their respective obligations to the Issuer under or in connection with the Sale Agreement, the Servicing
Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Administration Agreement and the other Basic Documents in accordance with the terms thereof. So long as no Event of Default occurs and is continuing, but subject to Section 3.23(f), the Issuer
may exercise any and all rights, remedies, powers and privileges lawfully available to the Issuer under or in connection with the Sale Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Administration Agreement; provided,
that such action shall not adversely affect the interests of the Holders in any material respect.

28

(b) If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Indenture Trustee may, and at the direction (which direction shall be in writing) of the Holders of not less than a majority of the
Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds of all tranches affected thereby, shall, exercise all rights, remedies, powers, privileges and claims of the Issuer against the Seller, the Administrator and the Servicer, as the case may be, under
or in connection with the Sale Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Administration Agreement, including the right or power to take any action to compel or secure performance or observance by the Seller, the
Administrator or the Servicer of each of their obligations to the Issuer thereunder and to give any consent, request, notice, direction, approval, extension or waiver under the Sale Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement
and the Administration Agreement, and any right of the Issuer to take such action shall be suspended.

(c) Except as set forth in Section 3.23(d), the Administration Agreement, the Sale Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Servicing Agreement may be amended in accordance
with the provisions thereof, so long as the Rating Agency Condition is satisfied in connection therewith, at any time and from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, and with the acknowledgement of the Indenture Trustee; provided,
that the Indenture Trustee shall provide such consent upon receipt of an Officers Certificate evidencing satisfaction of such Rating Agency Condition, an Opinion of Counsel of external counsel of the Issuer evidencing that such amendment is in
accordance with the provisions of such Basic Document and, if the amendment increases Ongoing Financing Costs, satisfaction of the Louisiana Commission Condition (as described in Section 9.03 hereof or as applicable in the relevant section
of such other Basic Document).

(d) Except as set forth in Section 3.23(e), if the Issuer, the Seller, the Administrator, the Servicer or any other party to the respective agreement
proposes to amend, modify, waive, supplement, terminate or surrender, or agree to any amendment, modification, waiver, supplement, termination or surrender of, the terms of the Sale Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Administration
Agreement, or the Servicing Agreement, or waive timely performance or observance by the Seller, the Administrator, the Servicer or any other party under the Sale Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Administration Agreement, or the Servicing
Agreement, in each case in such a way as would materially and adversely affect the interests of any Holder, the Issuer shall first notify the Rating Agencies of the proposed amendment, modification, waiver, supplement, termination or surrender and
shall promptly notify the Indenture Trustee, the Paying Agent (if not the Indenture Trustee), the Energy Transition Bond Registrar (if not the Indenture Trustee), the Louisiana Commission and the Holders in writing of the proposed amendment,
modification, waiver, supplement, termination or surrender and whether the Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied with respect thereto (or, pursuant to an Issuer Request, the Indenture Trustee shall so notify the Holders on the Issuers
behalf). The Indenture Trustee shall consent to such proposed amendment, modification, waiver, supplement, termination or surrender only if the Rating Agency Condition is satisfied and only with the (i) prior written consent of the Holders of not
less than a majority of the Outstanding Amount of Energy Transition Bonds or tranche materially and adversely affected thereby and (ii) if such proposed amendment, modification, waiver, supplement, termination or surrender increases Ongoing
Financing Costs, satisfaction of the Louisiana Commission Condition (as described in Section 9.03 or as applicable in the relevant section of such other Basic Document) other than with respect to the Intercreditor Agreement. If any such
amendment, modification, waiver, supplement, termination or surrender shall be so consented to by the Indenture Trustee or such Holders, the Issuer agrees to execute and deliver, in its own name and at its own expense, such agreements, instruments,
consents and other documents as shall be necessary or appropriate in the circumstances.

29

(e) If the Issuer or the Servicer proposes to amend, modify, waive, supplement, terminate or surrender, or to agree to any material amendment, modification, waiver, supplement, termination
or surrender of, the process for True-Up Adjustments, the Issuer shall notify the Indenture Trustee and the Holders and, when required, the Louisiana Commission in writing of such proposal (or, pursuant to an Issuer Request, the Indenture Trustee
shall so notify the Holders on the Issuers behalf), and the Indenture Trustee shall consent thereto with the prior written consent of the Holders of not less than a majority of the Outstanding Amount of Energy Transition Bonds or tranche affected
thereby and only (i) if the Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied with respect thereto and (ii) if such proposed amendment, modification, waiver, supplement, termination or surrender increases Ongoing Financing Costs, satisfaction of the
Louisiana Commission Condition (as described in Section 9.03).

(f) Promptly following a default by the Seller under the Sale Agreement, by Cleco Power (or any successor to Cleco Power) under the Intercreditor Agreement or by the Administrator under
the Administration Agreement, or the occurrence of a Servicer Default under the Servicing Agreement, and at the Issuers expense, the Issuer agrees to take all such lawful actions as the Indenture Trustee may request to compel or secure the
performance and observance by each of the Seller, the Administrator or the Servicer, of their obligations under and in accordance with the Sale Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Administration Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement, as the
case may be, in accordance with the terms thereof, and to exercise any and all rights, remedies, powers and privileges lawfully available to the Issuer under or in connection with such agreements to the extent and in the manner directed by the
Indenture Trustee, including the transmission of notices of any default by the Seller, the Administrator or the Servicer, respectively, thereunder and the institution of legal or administrative actions or Proceedings to compel or secure performance
of their obligations under the Sale Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement or the Administration Agreement.

SECTION 3.24. Taxes. So long as any of the Energy Transition Bonds are Outstanding, the Issuer shall pay all taxes,
assessments and governmental charges imposed upon it or any of its properties or assets or with respect to any of its franchises, business, income or property before any penalty accrues thereon if the failure to pay any such taxes, assessments and
governmental charges would, after any applicable grace periods, notices or other similar requirements, result in a Lien on the Trust Estate; provided, that no such tax need be paid if the Issuer is contesting the same in good faith by
appropriate Proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted and if the Issuer has established appropriate reserves as shall be required in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.

SECTION 3.25. Notices from Holders. The Issuer shall promptly transmit any notice received by it from the Holders to the Indenture Trustee.

SECTION 3.26. Volcker Rule. The Issuer is structured so as not to be a covered fund under the regulations adopted to implement Section 619 of
the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, commonly known as the Volcker Rule.

30

ARTICLE IV

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE; DEFEASANCE

SECTION 4.01. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture; Defeasance.

(a) This Indenture shall cease to be of further effect with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds, and the Indenture Trustee, on reasonable written demand of
and at the expense of the Issuer, shall execute instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds, when:

(i) Either:

(A) all Energy Transition Bonds theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than (1) Energy Transition Bonds that have been destroyed, lost or stolen and that have
been replaced or paid as provided in Section 2.06 and (2) Energy Transition Bonds for whose payment money has theretofore been deposited in trust or segregated and held in trust by the Issuer and thereafter repaid to the Issuer or
discharged from such trust, as provided in the last paragraph of Section 3.03) have been delivered to the Indenture Trustee for cancellation; or

(B) either (1) the Scheduled Final Payment Date has occurred with respect to all Energy Transition Bonds not theretofore delivered to the Indenture Trustee for
cancellation or (2) the Energy Transition Bonds will be due and payable on their respective Scheduled Final Payment Dates within one year, and, in any such case, the Issuer has irrevocably deposited or caused to be irrevocably deposited in
trust with the Indenture Trustee (i) cash and/or (ii) U.S. Government Obligations that through the scheduled payments of principal and interest in respect thereof in accordance with their terms are in an amount sufficient to pay principal of,
premium, if any, and interest on the Energy Transition Bonds not theretofore delivered to the Indenture Trustee for cancellation, Ongoing Financing Costs and all other sums payable hereunder by the Issuer with respect to the Energy Transition
Bonds when scheduled to be paid and to discharge the entire indebtedness on the Energy Transition Bonds when due;

(ii) the Issuer has paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable hereunder by the Issuer; and

(iii) pursuant to Section 10.04, the Issuer has delivered to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate, an Opinion of Counsel of external counsel of the
Issuer and (if required by the Trust Indenture Act or the Indenture Trustee) an Independent Certificate from a firm of registered public accountants, each meeting the applicable requirements of Section 10.01(a) and each stating that all
conditions precedent herein provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds have been complied with.

31

(b) Subject to Section 4.01(c) and Section 4.02, the Issuer at any time may terminate (i) all its obligations under this Indenture with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds
(Legal Defeasance Option) or (ii) its obligations under Section 3.04, Section 3.05, Section 3.06, Section 3.07, Section 3.08, Section 3.09, Section 3.10, Section 3.12, Section 3.13,
Section 3.14, Section 3.15, Section 3.16, Section 3.17, Section 3.18 and Section 3.19 and the operation of Section 5.01(c) with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds (Covenant Defeasance
Option). The Issuer may exercise the Legal Defeasance Option with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds notwithstanding its prior exercise of the Covenant Defeasance Option.

If the Issuer exercises the Legal Defeasance Option, the maturity of the Energy Transition Bonds may not be accelerated because of an Event of Default. If the Issuer exercises the Covenant
Defeasance Option, the maturity of the Energy Transition Bonds may not be accelerated because of an Event of Default specified in Section 5.01(c).

Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth herein to the exercise of the Legal Defeasance Option or the Covenant Defeasance Option of the Energy Transition Bonds, the Indenture Trustee, on
reasonable written demand of and at the expense of the Issuer, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of the obligations that are terminated pursuant to such exercise.

(c) Notwithstanding Section 4.01(a) and Section 4.01(b), (i) rights of registration of transfer and exchange, (ii) substitution of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen
Energy Transition Bonds, (iii) rights of Holders to receive payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest, (iv) Section 4.03 and Section 4.04, (v) the rights, obligations and immunities of the Indenture Trustee hereunder
(including the rights of the Indenture Trustee under Section 6.07 and the obligations of the Indenture Trustee under Section 4.03) and (vi) the rights of Holders as beneficiaries hereof with respect to the property deposited with
the Indenture Trustee payable to all or any of them, each shall survive until the Energy Transition Bonds or certain obligations hereunder have been satisfied and discharged pursuant to Section 4.01(a) or Section 4.01(b). 
Thereafter the obligations, rights, indemnities and immunities in Section 6.07 and Section 4.04 shall survive.

SECTION 4.02. Conditions to Defeasance. The Issuer may exercise the Legal Defeasance
Option or the Covenant Defeasance Option with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds only if:

(a) the Issuer has irrevocably deposited or caused to be irrevocably deposited in trust with the Indenture Trustee (i) cash and/or (ii) U.S. Government Obligations that through the scheduled
payments of principal and interest in respect thereof in accordance with their terms are in an amount sufficient to pay principal, interest and premium, if any, on the Energy Transition Bonds not therefore delivered to the Indenture Trustee for
cancellation and Ongoing Financing Costs and all other sums payable hereunder by the Issuer with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds when scheduled to be paid and to discharge the entire indebtedness on the Energy Transition Bonds when due;

32

(b) the Issuer delivers to the Indenture Trustee a certificate from a nationally recognized firm of Independent registered public accountants expressing its opinion that the payments of
principal of and interest on the deposited U.S. Government Obligations when due and without reinvestment plus any deposited cash will provide cash at such times and in such amounts (but, in the case of the Legal Defeasance Option only, not more
than such amounts) as will be sufficient to pay in respect of the Energy Transition Bonds (i) principal in accordance with the Expected Sinking Fund Schedule therefor, (ii) interest when due and (iii) Ongoing Financing Costs and all other sums
payable hereunder by the Issuer with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds;

(c) in the case of the Legal Defeasance Option, ninety-five (95) days after the deposit is made and during the ninety-five (95)-day period no Default specified in Section 5.01(e) or
Section 5.01(f) occurs that is continuing at the end of the period;

(d) no Default has occurred and is continuing on the day of such deposit and after giving effect thereto;

(e) in the case of an exercise of the Legal Defeasance Option, the Issuer shall have delivered to the Indenture Trustee an Opinion of Counsel of external counsel of the Issuer stating that
(i) the Issuer has received from, or there has been published by, the Internal Revenue Service a ruling or (ii) since the date of execution of this Indenture, there has been a change in the applicable U.S. federal income tax law, in either case to
the effect that, and based thereon such opinion shall confirm that, the Holders will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of such legal defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the
same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such legal defeasance had not occurred;

(f) in the case of an exercise of the Covenant Defeasance Option, the Issuer shall have delivered to the Indenture Trustee an Opinion of Counsel of external counsel of the Issuer to the
effect that the Holders will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of such covenant defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same
times as would have been the case if such covenant defeasance had not occurred;

(g) the Issuer delivers to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent to the Legal Defeasance Option or the Covenant
Defeasance Option, as applicable, have been complied with as required by this Article IV;

(h) the Issuer delivers to the Indenture Trustee an Opinion of Counsel of external counsel of the Issuer to the effect that: (i) in a case under the Bankruptcy Code in which Cleco Power (or
any of its Affiliates, other than the Issuer) is the debtor, the court would hold that the deposited moneys or U.S. Government Obligations would not be in the bankruptcy estate of Cleco Power (or any of its Affiliates, other than the Issuer, that
deposited the moneys or U.S. Government Obligations); and (ii) in the event Cleco Power (or any of its Affiliates, other than the Issuer, that deposited the moneys or U.S. Government Obligations) were to be a debtor in a case under the Bankruptcy
Code, the court would not disregard the separate legal existence of Cleco Power (or any of its Affiliates, other than the Issuer, that deposited the moneys or U.S. Government Obligations) and the Issuer so as to order substantive consolidation
under the Bankruptcy Code of the Issuers assets and liabilities with the assets and liabilities of Cleco Power or such other Affiliate; and

33

(i) the Rating Agency Condition shall have been satisfied with respect to the exercise of any Legal Defeasance Option or Covenant Defeasance Option.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 4.02, no delivery of moneys or U.S. Government Obligations to the Indenture Trustee shall terminate any obligation of the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee
under this Indenture or the Series Supplement or any obligation of the Issuer to apply such moneys or U.S. Government Obligations under Section 4.03 until principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Energy Transition Bonds shall
have been paid in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and the Series Supplement.

SECTION 4.03. Application of Trust Money. All moneys or U.S. Government Obligations
deposited with the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 4.01 or Section 4.02 shall be held in trust and applied by it, in accordance with the provisions of the Energy Transition Bonds and this Indenture, to the payment, either
directly or through any Paying Agent, as the Indenture Trustee may determine, to the Holders of the particular Energy Transition Bonds for the payment of which such moneys have been deposited with the Indenture Trustee, of all sums due and to
become due thereon for principal, premium, if any, and interest; but such moneys need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required herein or in the Servicing Agreement or required by applicable law. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Article IV, the Indenture Trustee shall deliver or pay to the Issuer from time to time upon Issuer Request any moneys or U.S. Government Obligations held by it pursuant to Section 4.02 that, in the opinion of a
nationally recognized firm of Independent registered public accountants expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Indenture Trustee (and not at the cost or expense of the Indenture Trustee), are in excess of the amount thereof
that would be required to be deposited for the purpose for which such moneys or U.S. Government Obligations were deposited; provided, that any such payment shall be subject to the satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition.

SECTION 4.04.Repayment of Moneys Held by Paying Agent. In connection with the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or the Covenant
Defeasance Option or Legal Defeasance Option with respect to Energy Transition Bonds, all moneys then held by any Paying Agent other than the Indenture Trustee under the provisions of this Indenture or the Intercreditor Agreement shall, upon
written demand of the Issuer, be paid to the Indenture Trustee to be held and applied according to Section 3.03 and thereupon such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such moneys.

ARTICLE V

REMEDIES

SECTION 5.01.Events of Default. Event of Default means any one or more of
the following events (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of
any administrative or governmental body):

34

(a) default in the payment of any interest on any Energy Transition Bond when the same becomes due and payable (whether such failure to pay interest is caused by a shortfall in Energy
Transition Charges received or otherwise), and such default shall continue for a period of five (5) Business Days;

(b) default in the payment of the then unpaid principal of any Energy Transition Bond on the Final Maturity Date, or, if applicable, any tranche on the Final Maturity Date for such tranche;

(c) default in the observance or performance of any covenant or agreement of the Issuer made in this Indenture (other than defaults specified in Section
5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b)), and such default shall continue or not be cured, for a period of thirty (30) days after the earlier of (i) the date that there shall have been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Issuer by the
Indenture Trustee or to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee by the Holders of at least twenty-five (25) percent of the Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds, a written notice specifying such default and requiring it to be remedied and
stating that such notice is a Notice of Default hereunder or (ii) the date that the Issuer has actual knowledge of the default;

(d) any representation or warranty of the Issuer made in this Indenture, the Series Supplement or in any certificate or other writing delivered pursuant hereto
or the Series Supplement or in connection herewith proving to have been incorrect in any material respect as of the time when the same shall have been made, and the circumstance or condition in respect of which such representation or warranty was
incorrect shall not have been eliminated or otherwise cured, within thirty (30) days after the earlier of (i) the date that there shall have been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Issuer by the Indenture Trustee or to the Issuer and
the Indenture Trustee by the Holders of at least twenty-five (25) percent of the Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds, a written notice specifying such incorrect representation or warranty and requiring it to be remedied and stating
that such notice is a Notice of Default hereunder or (ii) the date the Issuer has actual knowledge of the default;

(e) the filing of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of the Issuer or any substantial part of the Trust
Estate in an involuntary case or Proceeding under any applicable U.S. federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or
similar official of the Issuer or for any substantial part of the Trust Estate, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuers affairs, and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of ninety (90) consecutive
days;

(f) the commencement by the Issuer of a voluntary case under any applicable U.S. federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter
in effect, or the consent by the Issuer to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case or Proceeding under any such law, or the consent by the Issuer to the appointment or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee,
custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official of the Issuer or for any substantial part of the Trust Estate, or the making by the Issuer of any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure by the Issuer generally to pay
its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of action by the Issuer in furtherance of any of the foregoing; or

35

(g) any act or failure to act by the State of Louisiana or any of its agencies (including the Louisiana Commission), officers or employees that violates the State Pledge or the Louisiana
Commission Pledge, as the case may be, or is not in accordance with the State Pledge or the Louisiana Commission Pledge.

The Issuer shall deliver to a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee and to the Rating Agencies, within five (5) days after a Responsible Officer of the Issuer has knowledge of the occurrence
thereof, written notice in the form of an Officers Certificate of any event (i) that is an Event of Default under Section 5.01(a), Section 5.01(b), Section 5.01(f), or Section 5.01(g) or (ii) that with the giving of
notice, the lapse of time, or both, would become an Event of Default under Section 5.01(c), Section 5.01(d) or Section 5.01(e), including, in each case, the status of such Default or Event of Default and what action the
Issuer is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto.

SECTION 5.02. Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment. If an Event of
Default (other than an Event of Default under Section 5.01(g)) should occur and be continuing, then and in every such case the Indenture Trustee or the Holders representing not less than a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Energy
Transition Bonds may declare the Energy Transition Bonds to be immediately due and payable, by a notice in writing to the Issuer (and to the Indenture Trustee if given by Holders), and upon any such declaration the unpaid principal amount of the
Energy Transition Bonds, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon through the date of acceleration, shall become immediately due and payable.

At any time after such declaration of acceleration of maturity has been made and before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained by the Indenture Trustee as hereinafter
in this Article V provided, the Holders representing a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds, by written notice to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, may rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences
if:

(a) the Issuer has paid or deposited with the Indenture Trustee a sum sufficient to pay:

(i) all payments of principal of and premium, if any, and interest on all Energy Transition Bonds due and owing at such time as if such Event of Default had not
occurred and was not continuing and all other amounts that would then be due hereunder or upon the Energy Transition Bonds if the Event of Default giving rise to such acceleration had not occurred and was not continuing; and

(ii) all sums paid or advanced by the Indenture Trustee hereunder and the reasonable compensation, indemnities and expenses of the Indenture Trustee; provided,
that, the Indenture Trustee shall not be obligated to pay or advance any sums hereunder from its own funds after an Event of Default, disbursements and advances of the Indenture Trustee and its agents and counsel; and

(b) all Events of Default, other than the nonpayment of the principal of the Energy Transition Bonds that has become due solely by such acceleration, have been cured or waived as provided
in Section 5.12.

36

No such rescission shall affect any subsequent Default or impair any right consequent thereto.

SECTION 5.03. Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Indenture Trustee.

(a) If an Event of Default under Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b) has occurred and is continuing, subject to Section 10.16, the Indenture Trustee, in its own name
and as trustee of an express trust, may institute a Proceeding for the collection of the sums so due and unpaid, and may prosecute such Proceeding to judgment or final decree, and, subject to the limitations on recourse set forth herein, may
enforce the same against the Issuer or other obligor upon the Energy Transition Bonds and collect in the manner provided by applicable law out of the property of the Issuer or other obligor upon the Energy Transition Bonds wherever situated the
moneys payable, or the Trust Estate and the proceeds thereof, the whole amount then due and payable on the Energy Transition Bonds for principal, premium, if any, and interest, with interest upon the overdue principal and premium, if any, and, to
the extent payment at such rate of interest shall be legally enforceable, upon overdue installments of interest, at the respective rate borne by the Energy Transition Bonds or the applicable tranche and in addition thereto such further amount as
shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Indenture Trustee and its agents and counsel.

(b) If an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default under Section 5.01(g)) occurs and is continuing, the Indenture Trustee shall, as more particularly provided in Section 5.04,
proceed to protect and enforce its rights and the rights of the Holders, by such appropriate Proceedings as the Indenture Trustee (subject to Section 5.11) shall deem most effective to protect and enforce any such rights, whether for the
specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement in this Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted herein, or to enforce any other proper remedy or legal or equitable right vested in the Indenture Trustee by this Indenture and the
Series Supplement or by applicable law, including foreclosing or otherwise enforcing the Lien of the Trust Estate or applying to the Louisiana Commission or a court of competent jurisdiction for sequestration of revenues arising with respect to the
Energy Transition Property.

(c) If an Event of Default under Section 5.01(e) or Section 5.01(f) has occurred and is continuing, the Indenture Trustee, irrespective of whether the principal of any Energy
Transition Bonds shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Indenture Trustee shall have made any demand pursuant to the provisions of this Section 5.03, shall be
entitled and empowered, by intervention in any Proceedings related to such Event of Default or otherwise:

(i) to file and prove a claim or claims for the whole amount of principal, premium, if any, and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Energy Transition Bonds
and to file such other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Indenture Trustee (including any claim for reasonable compensation to the Indenture Trustee and each predecessor Indenture Trustee,
and their respective agents, attorneys and counsel, and for reimbursement of all expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by the Indenture Trustee and each predecessor Indenture Trustee, except as a result of negligence or bad
faith) and of the Holders allowed in such Proceedings;

37

(ii) unless prohibited by applicable law and regulations, to vote on behalf of the Holders in any election of a trustee in bankruptcy, a standby trustee or Person
performing similar functions in any such Proceedings;

(iii) to collect and receive any moneys or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute all amounts received with respect to the claims
of the Holders and of the Indenture Trustee on their behalf; and

(iv) to file such proofs of claim and other papers and documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Indenture Trustee or the Holders
allowed in any Proceeding relative to the Issuer, its creditors and its property;

and any trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official in any such Proceeding is hereby authorized by each of such Holders to make payments to the Indenture Trustee, and, in the event that the
Indenture Trustee shall consent to the making of payments directly to such Holders, to pay to the Indenture Trustee such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover reasonable compensation to the Indenture Trustee, each predecessor Indenture Trustee
and their respective agents, attorneys and counsel, and all other expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by the Indenture Trustee and each predecessor Indenture Trustee except as a result of negligence or bad faith.

(d) Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Indenture Trustee to authorize or consent to or vote for or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization,
arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Energy Transition Bonds or the rights of any Holder thereof or to authorize the Indenture Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding except, as aforesaid, to
vote for the election of a trustee in bankruptcy or similar Person.

(e) All rights of action and of asserting claims under this Indenture, or under any of the Energy Transition Bonds, may be enforced by the Indenture Trustee without the possession of any of
the Energy Transition Bonds or the production thereof in any trial or other Proceedings relative thereto, and any such action or Proceedings instituted by the Indenture Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an express trust, and
any recovery of judgment, subject to the payment of the expenses, disbursements and compensation of the Indenture Trustee, each predecessor Indenture Trustee and their respective agents and attorneys, shall be for the ratable benefit of the
Holders.

SECTION 5.04. Remedies; Priorities.

(a) If an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default under Section 5.01(g)) shall have occurred and be continuing, the Indenture Trustee may do one or more of the following
(subject to Section 5.05):

(i) institute Proceedings in its own name and as trustee of an express trust for the collection of all amounts then payable on the Energy Transition Bonds or under
this Indenture with respect thereto, whether by declaration of acceleration or otherwise, and, subject to the limitations on recovery set forth herein, enforce any judgment obtained, and collect from the Issuer or any other obligor moneys
adjudged due, upon the Energy Transition Bonds;

38

(ii) institute Proceedings from time to time for the complete or partial foreclosure of this Indenture with respect to the Trust Estate;

(iii) exercise any remedies of a secured party under the UCC, the Securitization Act or any other applicable law and take any other appropriate action to protect and
enforce the rights and remedies of the Indenture Trustee and the Holders;

(iv) at the written direction of the Holders of not less than a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds, either sell all or a portion of the
Trust Estate or rights or interest therein, at one or more public or private sales called and conducted in any manner permitted by applicable law, or elect that the Issuer maintain possession of all or a portion of the Trust Estate pursuant to
Section 5.05 and at the written direction of the Holders of not less than a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds then Outstanding and declared to have been due and payable, continue to apply the Energy
Transition Charges and apply distributions on the Trust Estate as if there had been no declaration of acceleration; and

(v) exercise all rights, remedies, powers, privileges and claims of the Issuer against the Seller, the Administrator or the Servicer under or in connection with, and
pursuant to the terms of, the Sale Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Administration Agreement or the Servicing Agreement;

provided, however, that the Indenture Trustee may not sell or otherwise liquidate any portion of the Trust Estate following such an Event of Default,
other than an Event of Default described in Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b), unless (A) the Holders of 100 percent of the Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds consent thereto, (B) the proceeds of such sale or
liquidation distributable to the Holders are sufficient to discharge in full all amounts then due and unpaid upon the Energy Transition Bonds for principal, premium, if any, and interest after taking into account payment of all amounts due prior
thereto pursuant to the priorities set forth in Section 8.02(e) or (C) the Indenture Trustee determines that the Trust Estate will not continue to provide sufficient funds for all payments on the Energy Transition Bonds as they would have
become due if the Energy Transition Bonds had not been declared due and payable, and the Indenture Trustee obtains the written consent of Holders of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds. In
determining such sufficiency or insufficiency with respect to clause (B) above and clause (C) above, the Indenture Trustee may, but need not, obtain and conclusively rely upon an opinion of an Independent investment banking or accounting firm of
national reputation as to the feasibility of such proposed action and as to the sufficiency of the Trust Estate for such purpose, at the Issuers expense.

39

(b) If an Event of Default under Section 5.01(g) shall have occurred and be continuing, the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Holders, shall be entitled and empowered, to the
extent permitted by applicable law, to institute or participate in Proceedings necessary to compel performance of or to enforce the State Pledge or the Louisiana Commission Pledge, as the case may be, and to collect any monetary damages incurred by
the Holders or the Indenture Trustee as a result of any such Event of Default, and may prosecute any such Proceeding to final judgment or decree. Such remedy shall be the only remedy that the Indenture Trustee may exercise if the only Event of
Default that has occurred and is continuing is an Event of Default under Section 5.01(g).

(c) If the Indenture Trustee collects any money pursuant to this Article V, it shall pay out such money in accordance with the priorities set forth in
Section 8.02(e).

SECTION 5.05. Optional Preservation of the Trust Estate. If the Energy Transition
Bonds have been declared to be due and payable under Section 5.02 following an Event of Default and such declaration and its consequences have not been rescinded and annulled, the Indenture Trustee may, but need not, elect to maintain
possession of all or a portion of the Trust Estate. It is the desire of the parties hereto and the Holders that there be at all times sufficient funds for the payment of principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Energy Transition
Bonds, and the Indenture Trustee shall take such desire into account when determining whether or not to maintain possession of the Trust Estate. In determining whether to maintain possession of the Trust Estate or sell or liquidate the same, the
Indenture Trustee may, but need not, obtain and conclusively rely upon an opinion of an Independent investment banking or accounting firm of national reputation as to the feasibility of such proposed action and as to the sufficiency of the Trust
Estate for such purpose.

SECTION 5.06.Limitation of Suits. No Holder of any Energy Transition Bond shall have any right to institute any
Proceeding, judicial or otherwise, to avail itself of any remedies provided in the Securitization Act or to avail itself of the right to foreclose on the Trust Estate or otherwise enforce the Lien and the security interest on the Trust Estate with
respect to this Indenture and the Series Supplement, or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy hereunder, unless:

(a) such Holder previously has given written notice to the Indenture Trustee of a continuing Event of Default;

(b) the Holders of not less than a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds have made written request to the Indenture Trustee to institute such Proceeding in
respect of such Event of Default in its own name as Indenture Trustee hereunder;

(c) such Holder or Holders have offered to the Indenture Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred in complying with such
request;

(d) the Indenture Trustee for sixty (60) days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity has failed to institute such Proceedings; and

(e) no direction inconsistent with such written request has been given to the Indenture Trustee during such sixty (60)-day period by the Holders of not less than a majority of the
Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds;

40

it being understood and intended that no one or more Holders shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of
any other Holders or to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference over any other Holders or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner herein provided.

In the event the Indenture Trustee shall receive conflicting or inconsistent requests and indemnity from two (2) or more groups of Holders, each representing less than a majority of the Outstanding
Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds, the Indenture Trustee in its sole discretion may file a petition with a court of competent jurisdiction to resolve such conflict or determine what action, if any, shall be taken, notwithstanding any other
provisions of this Indenture.

SECTION 5.07. Unconditional Rights of Holders To Receive Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest. Notwithstanding any other provisions in this
Indenture, the Holder of any Energy Transition Bond shall have the right, which is absolute and unconditional, (a) to receive payment of (i) the interest, if any, on such Energy Transition Bond on the due dates thereof expressed in such Energy
Transition Bond or in this Indenture or (ii) the unpaid principal, if any, of the Energy Transition Bonds on the Final Maturity Date or, if applicable, the Final Maturity Date for such tranche therefor and (b) to institute suit for the enforcement
of any such payment, and such right shall not be impaired without the consent of such Holder.

SECTION 5.08. Restoration of Rights and Remedies. If the Indenture Trustee or any Holder has instituted any Proceeding to enforce any right or
remedy under this Indenture and such Proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for any reason or has been determined adversely to the Indenture Trustee or to such Holder, then and in every such case the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the
Holders shall, subject to any determination in such Proceeding, be restored severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder, and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Indenture Trustee and the Holders shall continue as though no
such Proceeding had been instituted.

SECTION 5.09. Rights and Remedies Cumulative. No right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Indenture Trustee or to the Holders is
intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or
in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy.

SECTION 5.10.Delay or Omission Not a Waiver. No delay or omission of the Indenture Trustee or any Holder to
exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Default or Event of Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Default or Event of Default or an acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article V
or by applicable law to the Indenture Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Indenture Trustee or by the Holders, as the case may be.

41

SECTION 5.11. Control by Holders. The Holders of not less than a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds (or, if less
than all tranches are affected, the affected tranche) shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any Proceeding for any remedy available to the Indenture Trustee with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds of such
tranche or tranches or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Indenture Trustee with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds of such tranche or tranches; provided, that:

(a) such direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of applicable law or with this Indenture or the Series Supplement and shall not involve the Indenture Trustee in any personal
liability or expense;

(b) subject to other conditions specified in Section 5.04, any direction to the Indenture Trustee to sell or liquidate any of the Trust Estate shall be by the Holders representing not
less than 100 percent of the Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds;

(c) if the conditions set forth in Section 5.05 have been satisfied and the Indenture Trustee elects to retain the Trust Estate pursuant to Section 5.05, then any direction
to the Indenture Trustee by Holders representing less than 100 percent of the Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds to sell or liquidate the Trust Estate or any portion thereof shall be of no force and effect; and

(d) the Indenture Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Indenture Trustee that is not inconsistent with such direction;

provided, however, that the Indenture Trustees duties shall be subject to Section 6.01, and the Indenture Trustee need not take any action that
it determines might involve it in liability or might materially adversely affect the rights of any Holders not consenting to such action. Furthermore and without limiting the foregoing, the Indenture Trustee shall not be required to take any
action for which it reasonably believes that it will not be indemnified to its satisfaction against any cost, expense or liabilities.

SECTION 5.12.Waiver of Past Defaults. Prior to the declaration of the acceleration of the maturity of the Energy Transition Bonds as provided
in Section 5.02, the Holders representing not less than a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds, by written notice to the Indenture Trustee, may waive any past Default or Event of Default and its consequences
except a Default (a) in payment of principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any of the Energy Transition Bonds or (b) in respect of a covenant or provision hereof that cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the Holder of each
Energy Transition Bond of all tranches affected. In the case of any such waiver, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Holders shall be restored to their former positions and rights hereunder, respectively, but no such waiver shall extend to
any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereto.

Upon any such waiver, such Default shall cease to exist and be deemed to have been cured and not to have occurred, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured and
not to have occurred, for every purpose of this Indenture, but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereto.

42

SECTION 5.13.Undertaking for Costs. All parties to this Indenture agree, and each Holder of any Energy Transition Bond by such Holders
acceptance thereof shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may in its discretion require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Indenture Trustee for any action taken,
suffered or omitted by it as Indenture Trustee, the filing by any party litigant in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit, and that such court may in its discretion assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys fees,
against any party litigant in such suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant; but the provisions of this Section 5.13 shall not apply to (a) any suit instituted by the
Indenture Trustee, (b) any suit instituted by any Holder, or group of Holders, in each case holding in the aggregate more than ten (10) percent of the Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds or (c) any suit instituted by any Holder for
the enforcement of the payment of (i) interest on any Energy Transition Bond on or after the due dates expressed in such Energy Transition Bond and in this Indenture or (ii) the unpaid principal, if any, of any Energy Transition Bond on or after
the Final Maturity Date for the Energy Transition Bonds or, if applicable, the Final Maturity Date for such tranche therefor.

SECTION 5.14.Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws. The Issuer covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so)
that it will not at any time insist upon or plead or, in any manner whatsoever, claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay or extension law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, that may affect the covenants or the
performance of this Indenture; and the Issuer (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein
granted to the Indenture Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted.

SECTION 5.15. Action on Energy Transition Bonds. The Indenture Trustees right to seek and recover judgment on the
Energy Transition Bonds or under this Indenture shall not be affected by the seeking, obtaining or application of any other relief under or with respect to this Indenture. Neither the Lien of this Indenture nor any rights or remedies of the
Indenture Trustee or the Holders shall be impaired by the recovery of any judgment by the Indenture Trustee against the Issuer or by the levy of any execution under such judgment upon any portion of the Trust Estate or any other assets of the
Issuer.

ARTICLE VI

THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE

SECTION 6.01.Duties of Indenture Trustee.

(a) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Indenture Trustee shall exercise the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture and use the same degree of care and
skill in their exercise as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such persons own affairs.

43

(b) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default:

(i) the Indenture Trustee undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture, and no
implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Indenture Trustee; and

(ii) in the absence of bad faith on its part, the Indenture Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions
expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Indenture Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture; but in the case of any such certificates or opinions which by any provision hereof are specifically
required to be furnished to the Indenture Trustee, the Indenture Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the same to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy
of mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein).

(c) The Indenture Trustee may not be relieved from liability for its own negligent action, its own bad faith, its own negligent failure to act or its own
willful misconduct, except that:

(i) this Section 6.01(c) does not limit the effect of Section 6.01(b);

(ii) the Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by the Indenture Trustee unless it is proved
that the Indenture Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; and

(iii) the Indenture Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a
direction received by it hereunder.

(d) Every provision of this Indenture that in any way relates to the Indenture Trustee is subject to Section 6.01(a), Section 6.01(b) and Section 6.01(c).

(e) The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for interest on any money received by it except as the Indenture Trustee may agree in writing with the Issuer.

(f) Money held in trust by the Indenture Trustee need not be segregated from other funds held by the Indenture Trustee except to the extent required by applicable law or the terms of this
Indenture, the Sale Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement or the Administration Agreement.

(g) No provision of this Indenture shall require the Indenture Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur financial liability in the performance of any of its duties
hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers, if it shall have reasonable grounds to believe that repayments of such funds or indemnity satisfactory to it against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it.

44

(h) Every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Indenture Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this Section 6.01
and to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act.

(i) In the event that the Indenture Trustee is also acting as Paying Agent or Energy Transition Bond Registrar hereunder, the protections of this Article VI shall also be afforded
to the Indenture Trustee in its capacity as Paying Agent or Energy Transition Bond Registrar.

(j) Except for the express duties of the Indenture Trustee with respect to the administrative functions set forth in the Basic Documents, the Indenture Trustee shall have no obligation to
administer, service or collect the Energy Transition Property or to maintain, monitor or otherwise supervise the administration, servicing or collection of the Energy Transition Charges.

(k) Under no circumstance shall the Indenture Trustee be liable for any indebtedness of the Issuer, the Servicer or the Seller evidenced by or arising under the Energy Transition Bonds or
the Basic Documents. None of the provisions of this Indenture shall in any event require the Indenture Trustee to perform or be responsible for the performance of any of the Servicers obligations under the Basic Documents.

(l) Commencing with March 15, 2026, on or before March 15th of each fiscal year ending December 31, so long as the Issuer is required to file Exchange Act
reports, the Indenture Trustee shall (i) deliver to the Issuer a report (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer and addressed to the Issuer and signed by an authorized officer of the Indenture Trustee) regarding the Indenture
Trustees assessment of compliance, during the preceding fiscal year ended December 31, with each of the applicable servicing criteria specified on Exhibit C as required under Rule 13a-18 and Rule 15d-18 under the Exchange Act and Item 1122
of Regulation AB and (ii) deliver to the Issuer a report of an Independent registered public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to the Issuer that attests to and reports on, in accordance with Rule 1-02(a)(3) and Rule 2-02(g) of Regulation S-X
under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, the assessment of compliance made by the Indenture Trustee and delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(l)(i).

SECTION 6.02. Rights of Indenture Trustee.

(a) The Indenture Trustee may conclusively rely and shall be fully protected in relying on any document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper
person. The Indenture Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in such document.

(b) Before the Indenture Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require and shall be entitled to receive an Officers Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel, which counsel may be an
employee of or counsel to the Issuer or the Seller and which shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee, or, in the Indenture Trustees sole judgment, external counsel of the Issuer (at no cost or expense to the Indenture Trustee)
that such action is required or permitted hereunder. The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel.

45

(c) The Indenture Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents or attorneys or a custodian or nominee,
and the Indenture Trustee shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of, or for the supervision of, any such agent, attorney, custodian or nominee appointed with due care by it hereunder. The Indenture Trustee shall give
prompt written notice to the Issuer, in which case the Issuer shall then give prompt written notice to the Rating Agencies, of the appointment of any such agent, custodian or nominee to whom it delegates any of its express duties under this
Indenture; provided, that the Indenture Trustee shall not be obligated to give such notice (i) if the Issuer or the Holders have directed the Indenture Trustee to appoint such agent, custodian or nominee (in which event the Issuer shall
give prompt notice to the Rating Agencies of any such direction) or (ii) of the appointment of any agents, custodians or nominees made at any time that an Event of Default of the Issuer has occurred and is continuing.

(d) The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith that it believes to be authorized or within its rights or powers; provided, however,
that the Indenture Trustees conduct does not constitute willful misconduct, negligence or bad faith.

(e) The Indenture Trustee may consult with counsel, and the advice or opinion of counsel with respect to legal matters relating to this Indenture and the Energy Transition Bonds shall be
full and complete authorization and protection from liability in respect to any action taken, omitted or suffered by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel.

(f) The Indenture Trustee shall be under no obligation to take any action or exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture or any other Basic Document, or to institute,
conduct or defend any litigation hereunder or thereunder or in relation hereto or thereto, at the request, order or direction of any of the Holders pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture and the Series Supplement or otherwise, unless it shall
have received security or indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities that may be incurred.

(g) The Indenture Trustee may conclusively rely and shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice,
request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties.

(h) Any request or direction of the Issuer mentioned herein shall be sufficiently evidenced by an Issuer Request or an Issuer Order.

(i) Whenever in the administration of this Indenture the Indenture Trustee shall deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking, suffering or omitting any action
hereunder, the Indenture Trustee (unless other evidence be herein specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of bad faith on its part, conclusively rely upon an Officers Certificate.

46

(j) The Indenture Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice,
request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or document.

(k) In no event shall the Indenture Trustee be responsible or liable for punitive, special, indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to,
loss of profit) irrespective of whether the Indenture Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action.

(l) In no event shall the Indenture Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or
indirectly, forces beyond its control, including strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, epidemics or pandemics, and interruptions, loss or
malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services, it being understood that the Indenture Trustee shall use reasonable efforts that are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume
performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances.

(m) The Indenture Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any Servicer Default, Default or Event of Default unless it has actual knowledge or written notice of any event which is in
fact such a Default is received by a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee, and such notice references the Energy Transition Bonds and this Indenture.

(n) The rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Indenture Trustee, including, without limitation, its right to be indemnified, are extended to, and shall be
enforceable by, the Indenture Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, and each agent, custodian and other Person employed to act hereunder.

(o) Beyond the exercise of reasonable care in the custody thereof, the Indenture Trustee will have no duty as to any Trust Estate in its possession or control or in the possession or control
of any agent or bailee or any income thereon or as to preservation of rights against prior parties or any other rights pertaining thereto. The Indenture Trustee will be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody of the Trust Estate in
its possession if the Trust Estate is accorded treatment substantially equal to that which it accords its own property, and the Indenture Trustee will not be liable or responsible for any loss or diminution in the value of any of the Trust Estate
by reason of the act or omission of any carrier, forwarding agency or other agent or bailee selected by the Indenture Trustee in good faith.

(p) The Indenture Trustee will not be responsible for the existence, genuineness or value of any of the Trust Estate or for the validity, sufficiency, perfection, priority or enforceability
of the Liens in any of the Trust Estate, except to the extent such action or omission constitutes negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Indenture Trustee. The Indenture Trustee shall not be responsible for the validity of the title of
any grantor to the collateral, for insuring the Trust Estate or for the payment of taxes, charges, assessments or Liens upon the Trust Estate or otherwise as to the maintenance of the Lien of the Trust Estate.

47

(q) In the event that the Indenture Trustee is required to acquire title to an asset for any reason, or take any managerial action of any kind in regard thereto, in order to carry out any
fiduciary or trust obligation for the benefit of another, which in the Indenture Trustees sole discretion may cause the Indenture Trustee, as applicable, to be considered an owner or operator under any environmental laws or otherwise cause the
Indenture Trustee to incur, or be exposed to, any environmental liability or any liability under any other federal, state or local law, the Indenture Trustee reserves the right, instead of taking such action, either to resign as Indenture Trustee
or to arrange for the transfer of the title or control of the asset to a court appointed receiver. The Indenture Trustee will not be liable to any person for any environmental claims or any environmental liabilities or contribution actions under
any federal, state or local law, rule or regulation by reason of the Indenture Trustees actions and conduct as authorized, empowered and directed hereunder or relating to any kind of discharge or release or threatened discharge or release of any
hazardous materials into the environment.

SECTION 6.03.Individual Rights of Indenture Trustee. The Indenture Trustee in its individual or any other capacity
may become the owner or pledgee of Energy Transition Bonds and may otherwise deal with the Issuer or its Affiliates with the same rights it would have if it were not Indenture Trustee. Any Paying Agent, Energy Transition Bond Registrar,
co-registrar or co-paying agent or agent appointed under Section 3.02 may do the same with like rights. However, the Indenture Trustee must comply with Section 6.11 and Section 6.12.

SECTION 6.04. Indenture Trustees Disclaimer.

(a) The Indenture Trustee shall not be responsible for and makes no representation (other than as set forth in Section 6.13) as to the validity or adequacy of this Indenture or the
Energy Transition Bonds, it shall not be accountable for the Issuers use of the proceeds from the Energy Transition Bonds, and it shall not be responsible for any statement of the Issuer in this Indenture or in any document issued in connection
with the sale of the Energy Transition Bonds or in the Energy Transition Bonds other than the Indenture Trustees certificate of authentication. The Indenture Trustee shall not be responsible for the form, character, genuineness, sufficiency,
value or validity of any of the Trust Estate (or for the perfection or priority of the Liens thereon), or for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of the Energy Transition Bonds (other than the certificate of authentication for the Energy
Transition Bonds) or the Basic Documents, and the Indenture Trustee shall in no event assume or incur any liability, duty or obligation to any Holder, other than as expressly provided in this Indenture. The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable
for the default or misconduct of the Issuer, the Seller or the Servicer under the Basic Documents or otherwise, and the Indenture Trustee shall have no obligation or liability to perform the obligations of the Issuer or such Persons.

(b) The Indenture Trustee shall not be responsible for (i) the validity of the title of the Issuer to the Trust Estate, (ii) insuring the Trust Estate or (iii) the payment of taxes,
charges, assessments or Liens upon the Trust Estate or otherwise as to the maintenance of the Trust Estate. The Indenture Trustee shall have no duty to ascertain or inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms of this Indenture
or any of the other Basic Documents. The Indenture Trustee shall not be responsible for filing any financing or continuation statements or recording any documents or instruments in any public office at any time or times or otherwise perfecting or
maintaining the perfection of any security interest in the Trust Estate.

48

SECTION 6.05.Notice of Defaults. If a Default occurs and is continuing and if it is
actually known to a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee or a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee has been notified in writing of such Default, the Indenture Trustee shall deliver to each Rating Agency and each Holder notice of the
Default within ten (10) Business Days after actual notice of such Default was received by a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee (provided that the Indenture Trustee shall give the Rating Agencies prompt notice of any payment default in
respect of the Energy Transition Bonds). Except in the case of a Default in payment of principal of and premium, if any, or interest on any Energy Transition Bond, the Indenture Trustee may withhold the notice of the Default if and so long as a
committee of its Responsible Officers in good faith determines that withholding such notice is in the interests of Holders. In no event shall the Indenture Trustee be deemed to have knowledge of a Default (other than a Default in payment of
principal of and premium, if any, or interest on any Energy Transition Bond) unless a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee shall have actual knowledge of a Default or shall have received written notice thereof.

SECTION 6.06.Reports by Indenture Trustee to Holders.

(a) So long as Energy Transition Bonds are Outstanding and the Indenture Trustee is the Energy Transition Bond Registrar and Paying Agent, upon the written request of any Holder or the
Issuer, within the prescribed period of time for tax reporting purposes after the end of each calendar year, the Indenture Trustee shall deliver to each relevant current or former Holder such information in its possession as may be required to
enable such Holder to prepare its U.S. federal income and any applicable local or state tax returns. If the Energy Transition Bond Registrar and Paying Agent is other than the Indenture Trustee, such Energy Transition Bond Registrar and Paying
Agent, within the prescribed period of time for tax reporting purposes after the end of each calendar year, shall deliver to each relevant current or former Holder such information in its possession as may be required to enable such Holder to
prepare its U.S. federal income and any applicable local or state tax returns.

(b) On or prior to each Payment Date or Special Payment Date therefor, the Indenture Trustee will deliver to each Holder on such Payment Date or Special Payment Date a statement as provided
and prepared by the Servicer, which will include (to the extent applicable) the following information (and any other information so specified in the Series Supplement) as to the Energy Transition Bonds with respect to such Payment Date or Special
Payment Date or the period since the previous Payment Date, as applicable:

(i) the amount of the payment to Holders allocable to principal, if any;

(ii) the amount of the payment to Holders allocable to interest;

(iii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds, before and after giving effect to any payments allocated to principal reported under Section 6.06(b)(i);

(iv) the difference, if any, between the amount specified in Section 6.06(b)(iii) and the Outstanding Amount specified in the Expected Amortization Schedule;

49

(v) any other transfers and payments to be made on such Payment Date or Special Payment Date, including amounts paid to the Indenture Trustee and to the Servicer;

(vi) the amounts on deposit in the Capital Subaccount and the Excess Funds Subaccount, after giving effect to the foregoing payments; and

(vii) the difference, if any, between the amount on deposit in the Capital Subaccount and the Required Capital Amount.

(c) The Issuer shall send a copy of each of the Certificate of Compliance delivered to it pursuant to Section 3.03(a) of the Servicing Agreement and the Annual Accountants Report delivered
to it pursuant to Section 3.04(a) of the Servicing Agreement to the Rating Agencies, the Indenture Trustee and to the Servicer for posting on the 17g-5 Website in accordance with Rule 17g-5 under the Exchange Act. A copy of such certificate and
report may be obtained by any Holder by a request in writing to the Indenture Trustee.

(d) The Indenture Trustee may consult with counsel and the advice or opinion of such counsel with respect to legal matters relating to this Indenture and the Energy Transition Bonds shall be
full and complete authorization and protection from liability with respect to any action taken, omitted or suffered by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel. Any reasonable legal fees incurred by
the Indenture Trustee shall be payable to the Indenture Trustee from amounts hold in the Collection Account in accordance with the provisions set forth in Section 8.02(e).

SECTION 6.07.Compensation and Indemnity. The Issuer shall pay to the Indenture Trustee from time to time reasonable compensation for its
services. The Indenture Trustees compensation shall not, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust. The Issuer shall reimburse the Indenture Trustee for all reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses, disbursements and advances incurred or made by it, including costs of collection, in addition to the compensation for its services. Such expenses shall include the reasonable compensation and expenses, disbursements and
advances of the Indenture Trustees agents, counsel, accountants and experts. The Issuer shall indemnify and hold harmless the Indenture Trustee and its officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any and all cost, damage, loss,
liability, tax or expense (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) directly or indirectly incurred by the Indenture Trustee in connection with the administration and the enforcement of this Indenture (including this Section 6.07),

the Series Supplement and the other Basic Documents and the Indenture Trustees rights, powers, duties and obligations under this Indenture, the Series Supplement and the other Basic Documents and the performance of its duties hereunder and
thereunder and obligations under or pursuant to this Indenture, the Series Supplement and the other Basic Documents other than any such tax on the compensation of the Indenture Trustee for its services as Indenture Trustee. The Indenture Trustee
shall notify the Issuer as soon as is reasonably practicable of any claim for which it may seek indemnity. Failure by the Indenture Trustee to so notify the Issuer shall not relieve the Issuer of its obligations hereunder. The Issuer shall defend
the claim, the Indenture Trustee may have separate counsel, and the Issuer shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Indenture, the Issuer need not reimburse any
expense or indemnify against any loss, liability or expense incurred by the Indenture Trustee through the Indenture Trustees own willful misconduct, negligence or bad faith.

50

The payment obligations to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Section 6.07 shall survive the termination or satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and the Series Supplement or the
earlier resignation or removal of the Indenture Trustee. When the Indenture Trustee incurs expenses after the occurrence of a Default specified in Section 5.01(e) or Section 5.01(f) with respect to the Issuer, the expenses are
intended to constitute expenses of administration under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable U.S. federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law.

SECTION 6.08. Replacement of Indenture Trustee and Securities Intermediary.

(a) The Indenture Trustee may resign at any time upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Issuer subject to Section 6.08(c). The Holders of not less than a majority of the
Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds may remove the Indenture Trustee by so notifying the Indenture Trustee in writing not less than thirty-one (31) days prior to the date of removal and may appoint a successor Indenture Trustee. The
Issuer shall remove the Indenture Trustee if:

(i) the Indenture Trustee fails to comply with Section 6.11;

(ii) the Indenture Trustee is adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent;

(iii) a receiver or other public officer takes charge of the Indenture Trustee or its property;

(iv) the Indenture Trustee otherwise becomes incapable of acting; or

(v) the Indenture Trustee fails to provide to the Issuer any information reasonably requested by the Issuer pertaining to the Indenture Trustee and necessary for the
Issuer or Cleco Power to comply with its respective reporting obligations under the Exchange Act and Regulation AB and such failure is not resolved to the Issuers and the Indenture Trustees mutual satisfaction within a reasonable period of
time.

Any removal or resignation of the Indenture Trustee shall also constitute a removal or resignation of the Securities Intermediary.

(b) If the Indenture Trustee gives notice of resignation or is removed or if a vacancy exists in the office of Indenture Trustee for any reason (the
Indenture Trustee in such event being referred to herein as the retiring Indenture Trustee), the Issuer shall promptly appoint a successor Indenture Trustee and Securities Intermediary.

(c) A successor Indenture Trustee shall deliver a written acceptance of its appointment as the Indenture Trustee and as the Securities Intermediary
to the retiring Indenture Trustee and to the Issuer. Thereupon the resignation or removal of the retiring Indenture Trustee shall become effective, and the successor Indenture Trustee shall have all the rights, powers and duties of the Indenture
Trustee and Securities Intermediary, as applicable, under this Indenture and the other Basic Documents. No resignation or removal of the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Section 6.08 shall become
effective until acceptance of the appointment by a successor Indenture Trustee having the qualifications set forth in Section 6.11. Notice of any such appointment shall be promptly given to each Rating Agency by the successor Indenture
Trustee. The successor Indenture Trustee shall mail a notice of its succession to Holders. The retiring Indenture Trustee shall promptly transfer all property held by it as Indenture Trustee to the successor Indenture Trustee.

51

(d) If a successor Indenture Trustee does not take office within sixty (60) days after the retiring Indenture Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring Indenture Trustee, the Issuer or the
Holders of a majority in Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Indenture Trustee.

(e) If the Indenture Trustee fails to comply with Section 6.11, any Holder may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Indenture Trustee and the
appointment of a successor Indenture Trustee.

(f) Notwithstanding the replacement of the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Section 6.08, the Issuers obligations under Section 6.07 shall continue for the benefit of the
retiring Indenture Trustee.

SECTION 6.09. Successor Indenture Trustee by Merger. If the Indenture Trustee consolidates with, merges or converts
into, or transfers all or substantially all its corporate trust business or assets to, another corporation or banking association, the resulting, surviving or transferee corporation or banking association without any further act shall be the
successor Indenture Trustee; provided, however, that, if such successor Indenture Trustee is not eligible under Section 6.11, then the successor Indenture Trustee shall be replaced in accordance with Section 6.08. 
Notice of any such event shall be promptly given to each Rating Agency by the successor Indenture Trustee.

In case at the time such successor or successors by merger, conversion, consolidation or transfer shall succeed to the trusts created by this Indenture any of the Energy Transition Bonds shall have
been authenticated but not delivered, any such successor to the Indenture Trustee may adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor trustee and deliver the Energy Transition Bonds so authenticated; and, in case at that time any of the
Energy Transition Bonds shall not have been authenticated, any successor to the Indenture Trustee may authenticate the Energy Transition Bonds either in the name of any predecessor hereunder or in the name of the successor to the Indenture Trustee;
and in all such cases such certificates shall have the full force that it is anywhere in the Energy Transition Bonds or in this Indenture provided that the certificate of the Indenture Trustee shall have.

52

SECTION 6.10. Appointment of Co-Trustee or Separate Trustee.

(a) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture, at any time, for the purpose of meeting any legal requirement of any jurisdiction in which any part of the Trust Estate may at the
time be located, the Indenture Trustee shall have the power and may execute and deliver all instruments to appoint one or more Persons to act as a co-trustee or co-trustees, or separate trustee or separate trustees, of all or any part of the trust
created by this Indenture or the Trust Estate, and to vest in such Person or Persons, in such capacity and for the benefit of the Holders, such title to the Trust Estate, or any part hereof, and, subject to the other provisions of this Section
6.10, such powers, duties, obligations, rights and trusts as the Indenture Trustee may consider necessary or desirable. No co-trustee or separate trustee hereunder shall be required to meet the terms of eligibility as a successor trustee
under Section 6.11 and no notice to Holders of the appointment of any co-trustee or separate trustee shall be required under Section 6.08. Notice of any such appointment shall be promptly given to each Rating Agency by the
Indenture Trustee.

(b) Every separate trustee and co-trustee shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be appointed and act subject to the following provisions and conditions:

(i) all rights, powers, duties and obligations conferred or imposed upon the Indenture Trustee shall be conferred or imposed upon and
exercised or performed by the Indenture Trustee and such separate trustee or co-trustee jointly (it being understood that such separate trustee or co-trustee is not authorized to act separately without the Indenture Trustee joining in such
act), except to the extent that under any applicable law of any jurisdiction in which any particular act or acts are to be performed the Indenture Trustee shall be incompetent or unqualified to perform such act or acts, in which event such
rights, powers, duties and obligations (including the holding of title to the Trust Estate or any portion thereof in any such jurisdiction) shall be exercised and performed singly by such separate trustee or co-trustee, but solely at the
direction of the Indenture Trustee;

(ii) no trustee hereunder shall be personally liable by reason of any act or omission of any other trustee hereunder; and

(iii) the Indenture Trustee may at any time accept the resignation of or remove any separate trustee or co-trustee.

(c) Any notice, request or other writing given to the Indenture Trustee shall be deemed to have been given to each of the then-separate trustees and co-trustees, as effectively as if given
to each of them. Every instrument appointing any separate trustee or co-trustee shall refer to this Indenture and the conditions of this Article VI. Each separate trustee and co-trustee, upon its acceptance of the trusts conferred, shall
be vested with the estates or property specified in its instrument of appointment, either jointly with the Indenture Trustee or separately, as may be provided therein, subject to all the provisions of this Indenture, specifically including every
provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct of, affecting the liability of, or affording protection to, the Indenture Trustee. Every such instrument shall be filed with the Indenture Trustee.

(d) Any separate trustee or co-trustee may at any time constitute the Indenture Trustee, its agent or its attorney-in-fact with full power and authority, to the extent not prohibited by
applicable law, to do any lawful act under or in respect of this Indenture on its behalf and in its name. If any separate trustee or co-trustee shall die, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all of its estates, properties, rights,
remedies and trusts shall vest in and be exercised by the Indenture Trustee, to the extent permitted by applicable law, without the appointment of a new or successor indenture trustee.

53

SECTION 6.11. Eligibility; Disqualification. The Indenture Trustee shall at all times satisfy the requirements of Section
310(a)(1) of the Trust Indenture Act, Section 310(a)(5) of the Trust Indenture Act and Rule 3a-7 of the Investment Company Act. The Indenture Trustee shall have a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000 as set forth in its most recent
published annual report of condition and shall have a long-term debt or issuer rating from each of Moodys and S&P in one of its generic rating categories that signifies investment grade. The Indenture Trustee shall comply with Section 310(b)
of the Trust Indenture Act, including the optional provision permitted by the second sentence of Section 310(b)(9) of the Trust Indenture Act; provided, however, that there shall be excluded from the operation of Section 310(b)(1)
of the Trust Indenture Act any indenture or indentures under which other securities of the Issuer are outstanding if the requirements for such exclusion set forth in Section 310(b)(1) of the Trust Indenture Act are met.

SECTION 6.12. Preferential Collection of Claims Against Issuer. The Indenture Trustee shall comply with Section 311(a) of the Trust Indenture Act, excluding any creditor relationship
listed in Section 311(b) of the Trust Indenture Act. An Indenture Trustee who has resigned or been removed shall be subject to Section 311(a) of the Trust Indenture Act to the extent indicated therein.

SECTION 6.13. Representations and Warranties of Indenture Trustee. The Indenture Trustee hereby represents and warrants as of
the date hereof that:

(a) the Indenture Trustee is a national banking association validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the United States of America; and

(b) the Indenture Trustee has full power, authority and legal right to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Indenture and the other Basic Documents to which the
Indenture Trustee is a party and has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of obligations by it of this Indenture and such other Basic Documents.

SECTION 6.14. Annual Report by Independent Registered Public Accountants. The Indenture Trustee hereby covenants that it will cooperate fully with the firm of
Independent registered public accountants performing the procedures required under Section 3.04 of the Servicing Agreement, it being understood and agreed that the Indenture Trustee will so cooperate in conclusive reliance upon the direction of the
Issuer, and the Indenture Trustee makes no independent inquiry or investigation to, and shall have no obligation or liability in respect of, the sufficiency, validity or correctness of such procedures.

54

SECTION 6.15. Custody of Trust Estate. The Indenture Trustee shall hold such of the Trust Estate (and any other collateral that may be granted to the Indenture Trustee) as consists of
instruments, deposit accounts, negotiable documents, money, goods, letters of credit and advices of credit in the State of New York. The Indenture Trustee shall hold such of the Trust Estate as constitute
investment property through the Securities Intermediary (which, as of the date hereof, is The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association). The initial Securities Intermediary hereby agrees (and each future Securities Intermediary
shall agree) with the Indenture Trustee that (a) such investment property (other than cash) shall at all times be credited to a securities account in the name of the Indenture Trustee, (b) the Securities Intermediary shall treat the Indenture
Trustee as entitled to exercise the rights that comprise each financial asset credited to such securities account, (c) all property (other than cash) credited to such securities account shall be treated as a financial asset, (d) the Securities
Intermediary shall comply with entitlement orders originated by the Indenture Trustee without the further consent of any other Person, (e) the Securities Intermediary will not agree with any Person other than the Indenture Trustee to comply with
entitlement orders originated by such other Person, (f) such securities accounts and the property credited thereto shall not be subject to any Lien or right of set-off in favor of the Securities Intermediary or anyone claiming through it (other
than the Indenture Trustee) and (g) such agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York. Terms used in the preceding sentence that are defined in the UCC and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning
set forth in the UCC. Except as permitted by this Section 6.15 or elsewhere in this Indenture, the Indenture Trustee shall not hold the Trust Estate through an agent or a nominee.

SECTION 6.16. FATCA. The Issuer agrees (i) to provide the Indenture Trustee with such reasonable information as it has in its possession to enable the Indenture Trustee to determine
whether any payments pursuant to the Indenture are subject to the withholding requirements described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any regulations, or agreements
thereunder or official interpretations thereof (Applicable FATCA Law), and (ii) that the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to make any withholding or deduction from payments under the Indenture to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable
FATCA Law, for which the Indenture Trustee shall not have any liability.

ARTICLE VII

HOLDERS LISTS AND REPORTS

SECTION 7.01. Issuer To Furnish Indenture Trustee Names and Addresses of Holders. The Issuer will furnish or cause to be
furnished to the Indenture Trustee (a) not more than five (5) days after the earlier of (i) each Record Date and (ii) six (6) months after the last Record Date, a list, in such form as the Indenture Trustee may reasonably require, of the names and
addresses of the Holders as of such Record Date, and (b) at such other times as the Indenture Trustee may request in writing, within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Issuer of any such request, a list of similar form and content as of a date
not more than ten (10) days prior to the time such list is furnished; provided, however, that, so long as the Indenture Trustee is the Energy Transition Bond Registrar, no such list shall be required to be furnished.

SECTION 7.02. Preservation of Information; Communications to Holders.

(a) The Indenture Trustee shall preserve, in as current a form as is reasonably practicable, the names and addresses of the Holders contained in the most recent list furnished to the
Indenture Trustee as provided in Section 7.01 and the names and addresses of Holders received by the Indenture Trustee in its capacity as Energy Transition Bond Registrar. The Indenture Trustee may destroy any list furnished to it as
provided in Section 7.01 upon receipt of a new list so furnished.

55

(b) Holders may communicate pursuant to Section 312(b) of the Trust Indenture Act with other Holders with respect to their rights under this Indenture or under
the Energy Transition Bonds. In addition, upon the written request of any Holder or group of Holders or of all Outstanding Energy Transition Bonds evidencing at least ten (10) percent of the Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds, as
applicable, the Indenture Trustee shall afford the Holder or Holders making such request a copy of a current list of Holders for purposes of communicating with other Holders with respect to their rights hereunder; provided, that the
Indenture Trustee gives prior written notice to the Issuer of such request.

(c) The Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Energy Transition Bond Registrar shall have the protection of Section 312(c) of the Trust Indenture Act.

SECTION 7.03. Reports by Issuer.

(a) The Issuer shall:

(i) so long as the Issuer or Cleco Power is required to file such documents with the SEC, provide to the Indenture Trustee, within
fifteen (15) days after the Issuer is required to file the same with the SEC, copies of the annual reports and of the information, documents and other reports (or copies of such portions of any of the foregoing as the SEC may from time to time
by rules and regulations prescribe) that the Issuer or Cleco Power may be required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act;

(ii) provide to the Indenture Trustee and file with the SEC, in accordance with rules and regulations prescribed from time to time by the
SEC, such additional information, documents and reports with respect to compliance by the Issuer with the conditions and covenants of this Indenture as may be required from time to time by such rules and regulations; and

(iii) provide to the Indenture Trustee (and the Indenture Trustee shall transmit to all Holders described in Section 313(c) of the Trust Indenture Act), such summaries
of any information, documents and reports required to be filed by the Issuer pursuant to Section 7.03(a)(i) and Section 7.03(a)(ii) as may be required by rules and regulations prescribed from time to time by the SEC.

Except as may be provided by Section 313(c) of the Trust Indenture Act, the Issuer may fulfill its obligation to provide the materials described in this Section 7.03(a) by providing such
materials in electronic format, and the Issuer shall be deemed to have provided such materials to the Indenture Trustee if such materials are available on the SECs EDGAR website (or any successor SEC website).

(b) Unless the Issuer otherwise determines, the fiscal year of the Issuer shall end on December 31 of each year, and the Issuer will promptly notify the Indenture Trustee regarding any
change in fiscal year.

(c) Delivery of such reports, information and documents to the Indenture Trustee is for informational purposes only and the Indenture Trustees receipt of such shall not constitute actual
or constructive notice or knowledge of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Issuers compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the Indenture Trustee is entitled to
rely exclusively on Officers Certificates).

56

SECTION 7.04. Reports by Indenture Trustee. If required by Section 313(a) of the Trust Indenture Act, within sixty (60) days after March 31 of each year, commencing with March 31, 2026,
the Indenture Trustee shall send to each Holder as required by Section 313(c) of the Trust Indenture Act a brief report dated as of such date that complies with Section 313(a) of the Trust Indenture Act. The Indenture Trustee also shall comply
with Section 313(b) of the Trust Indenture Act; provided, however, that the initial report if required to be so issued shall be delivered not more than twelve (12) months after the initial issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds.

A copy of each report at the time of its sending to Holders shall be filed by the Servicer with the SEC and each stock exchange, if any, on which the Energy Transition Bonds are listed. The Issuer shall notify the
Indenture Trustee in writing if and when the Energy Transition Bonds are listed on any stock exchange.

ARTICLE VIII

ACCOUNTS, DISBURSEMENTS AND RELEASES

SECTION 8.01. Collection of Money. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Indenture Trustee may demand payment or delivery of, and shall receive and collect, directly and
without intervention or assistance of any fiscal agent or other intermediary, all money and other property payable to or receivable by the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Indenture and the other Basic Documents. The Indenture Trustee shall
apply all such money received by it as provided in this Indenture within two (2) Business Days. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Indenture, if any default occurs in the making of any payment or performance under any agreement or
instrument that is part of the Trust Estate, the Indenture Trustee may take such action as may be appropriate to enforce such payment or performance, subject to Article VI, including the institution and prosecution of appropriate
Proceedings. Any such action shall be without prejudice to any right to claim a Default or Event of Default under this Indenture and any right to proceed thereafter as provided in Article V.

57

SECTION 8.02. Collection Account.

(a) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Issuer shall open or cause to be opened with the Indenture Trustee located at the
Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee, or at another Eligible Institution, one or more segregated non-interest bearing trust accounts in the Indenture Trustees name for the deposit of Energy Transition Charges and all other
amounts received with respect to the Trust Estate (the Collection Account). The Indenture Trustee shall hold the Collection Account for the benefit of the Holders, the Indenture Trustee and the other persons indemnified hereunder. 
Initially the Collection Account shall be divided into three subaccounts, which need not be separate accounts: a general subaccount (the General Subaccount); an excess funds subaccount (the Excess Funds Subaccount); and a capital
subaccount (the Capital Subaccount and, together with the General Subaccount and the Excess Funds Subaccount, the Subaccounts). For administrative purposes, the Subaccounts may be established by the Securities Intermediary as
separate accounts. Such separate Subaccounts will be recognized individually as a Subaccount and collectively as the Collection Account. Prior to or concurrently with the issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds, the Member shall deposit into
the Capital Subaccount an amount equal to the Required Capital Amount, which amount shall not come from the proceeds of the sale of the Energy Transition Bonds. Unless otherwise provided herein, all amounts in the Collection Account not allocated
to any other Subaccount shall be allocated to the General Subaccount. Prior to the initial Payment Date, all amounts in the Collection Account (other than funds deposited into the Capital Subaccount up to the Required Capital Amount) shall be
allocated to the General Subaccount. All references to the Collection Account shall be deemed to include reference to all Subaccounts contained therein. Withdrawals from and deposits to each of the Subaccounts of the Collection Account shall be
made as set forth in Sections 8.02(d) and 8.02(e). The Collection Account shall at all times be maintained in an Eligible Account and will be under the sole dominion and exclusive control of the Indenture Trustee, and only the
Indenture Trustee shall have access to the Collection Account for the purpose of making deposits in and withdrawals from the Collection Account in accordance with this Indenture. Funds in the Collection Account shall not be commingled with any
other moneys. All moneys deposited from time to time in the Collection Account, all deposits therein pursuant to this Indenture and all investments made in Eligible Investments as directed in writing by the Issuer with such moneys, including all
income or other gain from such investments, shall be held by the Indenture Trustee in the Collection Account as part of the Trust Estate as herein provided. The Indenture Trustee shall have no liability in respect of losses incurred as a result of
the liquidation of any Eligible Investment prior to its stated maturity or its date of redemption or the failure of the Issuer or the Servicer to provide timely written investment direction.

(b) The Indenture Trustee hereby confirms that (i) the Collection Account is, or at inception will be
established as, a securities account as such term is defined in Section 8-501(a) of the UCC, (ii) it is a securities intermediary (as such term is defined in Section 8-102(a)(14) of the UCC) and is acting in such capacity with respect to such
accounts, (iii) the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Holders is the sole entitlement holder (as such term is defined in Section 8-102(a)(7) of the UCC) with respect to such accounts and (iv) no
other Person shall have the right to give entitlement orders (as such term is defined in Section 8-102(a)(8)) with respect to such accounts. The Securities Intermediary hereby further agrees that each item of property (whether investment
property, financial asset, security, instrument or cash) received by it will be credited to the Collection Account and shall be treated by it as a financial asset within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary, the State of New York shall be deemed to be the jurisdiction of the Securities Intermediary for purposes of Section 8-110 of the UCC, and the Collection Account (as well as the securities entitlements related thereto) shall be
governed by the laws of the State of New York.

(c) The Indenture Trustee shall have sole dominion and exclusive control over all moneys in the Collection Account and shall apply such amounts therein as provided in this Section 8.02.

58

(d) Energy Transition Charge Collections shall be deposited in the General Subaccount as provided in Section 6.12 of the Servicing Agreement. All deposits to and withdrawals from the
Collection Account, all allocations to the Subaccounts of the Collection Account and any amounts to be paid to the Servicer under Section 8.02(e) shall be made by the Indenture Trustee in accordance with the written instructions provided by
the Servicer in the Semi-Annual Servicers Certificate.

(e) On each Payment Date for the Energy Transition Bonds, the Indenture Trustee shall apply all amounts on deposit in the Collection Account, including all
Investment Earnings thereon, in accordance with the related Semi-Annual Servicers Certificate, in the following priority:

(i) payment of the Indenture Trustees fees, expenses and outstanding indemnity amounts shall be paid to the Indenture Trustee (subject
to Section 6.07) in an amount not to exceed $100,000.00 in any 12-month period (the Indenture Trustee Cap); provided, however, that the Indenture Trustee Cap shall be disregarded and inapplicable upon the acceleration
of the Energy Transition Bonds following the occurrence of an Event of Default;

(ii) payment of the Servicing Fee with respect to such Payment Date, plus any unpaid Servicing Fees for prior Payment Dates shall be
paid to the Servicer;

(iii) payment of the Administration Fee for such Payment Date shall be paid to the Administrator and the Independent Manager Fee for such
Payment Date shall be paid to the Independent Managers, and in each case with any unpaid Administration Fees or Independent Manager Fees from prior Payment Dates;

(iv) payment of all other ordinary periodic Operating Expenses for such Payment Date not described above shall be paid to the parties to
which such Operating Expenses are owed;

(v) payment of Periodic Interest for such Payment Date with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds, including any overdue Periodic
Interest (together with, to the extent lawful, interest on such overdue Periodic Interest at the applicable Bond Interest Rate), with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds shall be paid to the Holders;

(vi) payment of the principal due to be paid on the Energy Transition Bonds on the Final Maturity Date for such tranche or as a result of
an acceleration upon an Event of Default shall be paid to the Holders;

(vii) payment of the principal then scheduled to be paid on such Payment Date in accordance with the Expected Sinking Fund Schedule, including any principal that was
scheduled to be paid on a prior Payment Date but was not paid as scheduled, with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds shall be paid to the Holders;

(viii) payment of any other unpaid Operating Expenses (including any such amounts owed to the Indenture Trustee, but unpaid due to the
limitation in Section 8.02(e)(i)) and any remaining amounts owed pursuant to the Basic Documents shall be paid to the parties, pro rata, to which such Operating Expenses or remaining amounts are owed;

59

(ix) replenishment of the amount, if any, by which the Required Capital Amount exceeds the amount in the Capital Subaccount as of such Payment Date shall be allocated
to the Capital Subaccount;

(x) the Return on Invested Capital then due and payable shall be paid to Cleco Power;

(xi) the balance, if any, shall be allocated to the Excess Funds Subaccount; and

(xii) after the Energy Transition Bonds have been paid in full and discharged, and all of the other foregoing amounts are paid in full, together
with all amounts due and payable to the Indenture Trustee under Section 6.07 or otherwise, the balance (including all amounts then held in the Capital Subaccount and the Excess Funds Subaccount), if any, shall be paid to the Issuer,
free from the Lien of this Indenture and credited (other than an amount equal to the Required Capital Amount plus any unpaid Return on Invested Capital) to Customers as mandated by and in the manner to be prescribed by the Louisiana Commission,
consistent with the Financing Order.

All payments to the Holders pursuant to Section 8.02(e)(v) and Section 8.02(e)(vi) shall be made to such Holders pro rata based on the respective amounts of interest and/or principal owed, unless, the
Series Supplement provides otherwise. Payments in respect of principal of and premium, if any, and interest on any tranche of Energy Transition Bonds will be made on a pro rata basis among all the Holders of such tranche. Periodic principal
payments scheduled to be paid on multiple tranches shall be paid in sequential order in accordance with Section 8.02(e)(vii). In the case of an Event of Default, then, in accordance with Section 5.04(c), in respect of any
application of moneys pursuant to Section 8.02(e)(v) or Section 8.02(e)(vi), moneys will be applied pursuant to Section 8.02(e)(v) and Section 8.02(e)(vi), as the case may be, in such order, on a pro rata basis,
based upon the interest or the principal owed.

(f) If on any Payment Date, or, for any amounts payable under Section 8.02(e)(i), Section 8.02(e)(ii), Section 8.02(e)(iii) and Section 8.02(e)(iv), on any
Business Day, funds on deposit in the General Subaccount are insufficient to make the payments contemplated by Section 8.02(e)(i), Section 8.02(e)(ii), Section 8.02(e)(iii), Section 8.02(e)(iv), Section 8.02(e)(v),
Section 8.02(e)(vi), Section 8.02(e)(vii),Section 8.02(e)(viii) and Section 8.02(e)(ix), the Indenture Trustee shall (i) first, draw from amounts on deposit in the Excess Funds Subaccount, and (ii) second,
draw from amounts on deposit in the Capital Subaccount, in each case, up to the amount of such shortfall in order to make the payments contemplated by Section 8.02(e)(i), Section 8.02(e)(ii), Section 8.02(e)(iii), Section 8.02(e)(iv),
Section 8.02(e)(v), Section 8.02(e)(vi), Section 8.02(e)(vii) and Section 8.02(e)(viii). In addition, if on any Payment Date funds on deposit in the General Subaccount are insufficient to make the allocations
contemplated by Section 8.02(e)(ix), the Indenture Trustee shall draw any amounts on deposit in the Excess Funds Subaccount to make such allocations to the Capital Subaccount.

60

(g) On any Business Day upon which the Indenture Trustee receives a written request from the Administrator stating that any Operating Expense payable by the Issuer (but only as described in
Section 8.02(e)(i), Section 8.02(e)(ii), Section 8.02(e)(iii) and Section 8.02(e)(iv)) will become due and payable prior to the next Payment Date, and setting forth the amount and nature of such Operating Expense, as
well as any supporting documentation that the Indenture Trustee may reasonably request, the Indenture Trustee, upon receipt of such information, will make payment of such Operating Expenses on or before the date such payment is due from amounts on
deposit in the General Subaccount, the Excess Funds Subaccount and the Capital Subaccount, in that order and only to the extent required to make such payment.

SECTION 8.03. General Provisions Regarding the Collection Account.

(a) So long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, all or a portion of the funds in the Collection Account shall be invested in Eligible Investments and
reinvested by the Indenture Trustee upon Issuer Order; provided, however, that such Eligible Investments shall not mature or be redeemed later than the Business Day prior to the next Payment Date or Special Payment Date for the
related tranche, if applicable, for the Energy Transition Bonds. All income or other gain from investments of moneys deposited in the Collection Account shall be deposited by the Indenture Trustee in such Collection Account, and any loss resulting
from such investments shall be charged to the Collection Account. The Issuer will not direct the Indenture Trustee to make any investment of any funds or to sell any investment held in any Collection Account unless the security interest Granted
and perfected in such account will continue to be perfected in such investment or the proceeds of such sale, in either case without any further action by any Person, and, in connection with any direction to the Indenture Trustee to make any such
investment or sale, if requested by the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer shall deliver to the Indenture Trustee an Opinion of Counsel of external counsel of the Issuer (at the Issuers cost and expense) to such effect. In no event shall the Indenture
Trustee be liable for the selection of Eligible Investments or for investment losses incurred thereon. The Indenture Trustee shall have no liability in respect of losses incurred as a result of the liquidation of any Eligible Investment prior to
its stated maturity or its date of redemption or the failure of the Issuer or the Servicer to provide timely and specific written investment direction. The Indenture Trustee shall have no obligation to invest or reinvest any amounts held hereunder
in the absence of written investment direction pursuant to an Issuer Order, in which case such amounts shall remain uninvested.

(b) Subject to Section 6.01(c), the Indenture Trustee shall not in any way be held liable by reason of any insufficiency in the Collection Account resulting from any loss on any
Eligible Investment included therein except for losses attributable to the Indenture Trustees failure to make payments on such Eligible Investments issued by the Indenture Trustee, in its commercial capacity as principal obligor and not as
trustee, in accordance with their terms.

(c) If (i) the Issuer shall have failed to give written investment directions for any funds on deposit in the Collection Account to the Indenture Trustee by 11:00 a.m. New York City time
(or such other time as may be agreed by the Issuer and Indenture Trustee) on any Business Day or (ii) a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds but the Energy Transition Bonds
shall not have been declared due and payable pursuant to Section 5.02, then the Indenture Trustee shall, to the fullest extent practicable, invest and reinvest funds in such Collection Account in Eligible Investments specified in the most
recent written investment directions delivered by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee; provided, that if the Issuer has never delivered written investment directions to the Indenture Trustee, the Indenture Trustee shall not invest or
reinvest such funds in any investments.

61

(d) The parties hereto acknowledge that the Servicer may, pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, select Eligible Investments on behalf of the Issuer; provided, however, that
any such investment direction on behalf of the Issuer must be given in writing to the Indenture Trustee.

(e) Except as otherwise provided hereunder or agreed in writing among the parties hereto, the Issuer shall retain the authority to institute, participate and join in any plan of
reorganization, readjustment, merger or consolidation with respect to the issuer of any Eligible Investments held hereunder, and, in general, to exercise each and every other power or right with respect to each such asset or investment as Persons
generally have and enjoy with respect to their own assets and investment, including power to vote upon any Eligible Investments.

SECTION 8.04. Release of Trust Estate.

(a) So long as the Issuer is not in Default hereunder and no Default or Event of Default hereunder would occur as a result of such action, the Issuer, through the Servicer, may collect,
sell or otherwise dispose of written-off receivables, at any time and from time to time in the ordinary course of business, without any notice to, or release or consent by, the Indenture Trustee, but only as and to the extent permitted by the Basic
Documents; provided, however, that any and all proceeds of such dispositions shall become part of the Trust Estate and be deposited to the General Subaccount immediately upon receipt thereof by the Issuer or any other Person,
including the Servicer. Without limiting the foregoing, the Servicer, may, at any time and from time to time without any notice to, or release or consent by, the Indenture Trustee, sell or otherwise dispose of any part of the Trust Estate
previously written-off as a defaulted or uncollectible account in accordance with the terms of the Servicing Agreement and the requirements of the proviso in the preceding sentence.

(b) Subject to the payment of its fees and expenses pursuant to Section 6.07, the Indenture Trustee may, and when required by the provisions of this
Indenture shall, execute instruments to release property from the Lien of this Indenture, or convey the Indenture Trustees interest in the same, in a manner and under circumstances that are not inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture. 
No party relying upon an instrument executed by the Indenture Trustee as provided in this Article VIII shall be bound to ascertain the Indenture Trustees authority, inquire into the satisfaction of any conditions precedent or see to the
application of any moneys. The Indenture Trustee shall release property from the Lien of this Indenture pursuant to this Section 8.04(b) only upon receipt of an Issuer Request accompanied by an Officers Certificate, an Opinion of Counsel
of external counsel of the Issuer (at the Issuers cost and expense) and (if required by the Trust Indenture Act) Independent Certificates in accordance with Section 314(c) of the Trust Indenture Act and Section 314(d)(1) of the Trust Indenture Act
meeting the applicable requirements of Section 10.01.

(c) The Indenture Trustee shall, at such time as there are no Energy Transition Bonds Outstanding, and all other Financing Costs are paid in full, and all sums
due and payable to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 6.07 or otherwise have been paid, release any remaining portion of the Trust Estate from the Lien of this Indenture and release to the Issuer or any other Person entitled thereto
any funds or investments then on deposit in or credited to the Collection Account consistent with Section 8.02(e)(xii).

62

SECTION 8.05. Opinion of Counsel. The Indenture Trustee shall receive at least seven (7) days notice when requested by the Issuer to take any action pursuant to Section 8.04,
accompanied by copies of any instruments involved, and the Indenture Trustee shall also require, as a condition to such action, an Opinion of Counsel of external counsel of the Issuer, in form and substance satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee,
stating the legal effect of any such action, outlining the steps required to complete the same, and concluding that all conditions precedent to the taking of such action have been complied with and such action will not materially and adversely
impair the security for the Energy Transition Bonds or the rights of the Holders in contravention of the provisions of this Indenture and the Series Supplement; provided, however, that such Opinion of Counsel shall not be required
to express an opinion as to the fair value of the Trust Estate. Counsel rendering any such opinion may rely, without independent investigation, on the accuracy and validity of any certificate or other instrument delivered to the Indenture Trustee
in connection with any such action.

SECTION 8.06. Reports by Independent Registered Public Accountants. As of the date hereof, the Issuer shall appoint a firm of
Independent registered public accountants of recognized national reputation for purposes of preparing and delivering the reports or certificates of such accountants required by this Indenture and the Series Supplement. In the event such firm
requires the Indenture Trustee to agree to the procedures performed by such firm or to agree to limit the distribution of any such report, the Issuer shall direct the Indenture Trustee in writing to so agree, it being understood and agreed that the
Indenture Trustee will deliver such letter of agreement in conclusive reliance upon the direction of the Issuer, and the Indenture Trustee makes no independent inquiry or investigation to, and shall have no obligation or liability in respect of,
the sufficiency, validity or correctness of such procedures. Upon any resignation by, or termination by the Issuer of, such firm, the Issuer shall provide written notice thereof to the Indenture Trustee and shall promptly appoint a successor
thereto that shall also be a firm of Independent registered public accountants of recognized national reputation. If the Issuer shall fail to appoint a successor to a firm of Independent registered public accountants that has resigned or been
terminated within fifteen (15) days after such resignation or termination, the Indenture Trustee shall promptly notify the Issuer of such failure in writing. If the Issuer shall not have appointed a successor within ten (10) days thereafter, the
Indenture Trustee shall promptly appoint a successor firm of Independent registered public accountants of recognized national reputation; provided, that the Indenture Trustee shall have no liability with respect to such appointment. The fees of
such Independent registered public accountants and its successor shall be payable by the Issuer.

ARTICLE IX

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES

SECTION 9.01. Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders.

(a) Without the consent of the Holders of any Energy Transition Bonds but with prior notice to the Rating Agencies, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, when authorized by an Issuer Order,
at any time and from time to time, may enter into one or more indentures supplemental hereto (which shall conform to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act as in force at the date of the execution thereof), in form satisfactory to the Indenture
Trustee, for any of the following purposes:

63

(i) to correct or amplify the description of any property at any time subject to the Lien of this Indenture, or to better assure, convey and confirm unto the
Indenture Trustee any property subject or required to be subjected to the Lien of this Indenture, or to subject to the Lien of this Indenture additional property;

(ii) to evidence the succession, in compliance with the applicable provisions hereof, of another Person to the Issuer, and the assumption by any such successor of
the covenants of the Issuer herein and in the Energy Transition Bonds;

(iii) to add to the covenants of the Issuer, for the benefit of the Holders, or to surrender any right or power herein conferred upon the Issuer;

(iv) to convey, transfer, assign, mortgage or pledge any property to or with the Indenture Trustee;

(v) to cure any ambiguity or mistake, to correct or supplement any provision herein or in any supplemental indenture, including the Series Supplement, that may be
inconsistent with any other provision herein or in any supplemental indenture, including the Series Supplement or the final prospectus relating to the offering of the Energy Transition Bonds filed with the SEC on March 6, 2025, or to make
any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Indenture or in any supplemental indenture; provided, that (A) such action shall not, as evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel of external counsel of the
Issuer, adversely affect in any material respect the interests of the Holders or surrender any right or power therein conferred upon the Issuer and (B) the Rating Agency Condition shall have been satisfied with respect thereto;

(vi) to evidence and provide for the acceptance of the appointment hereunder by a successor indenture trustee with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds and to add
to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to facilitate the administration of the trusts hereunder by more than one trustee, pursuant to the requirements of Article VI;

(vii) to modify, eliminate or add to the provisions of this Indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to effect the qualification of this Indenture under the
Trust Indenture Act and to add to this Indenture such other provisions as may be expressly required by the Trust Indenture Act;

(viii) to qualify the Energy Transition Bonds for registration with a Clearing Agency;

(ix) to satisfy any Rating Agency requirements; and

(x) to authorize the appointment of any Person for any tranche of the Energy Transition Bonds required or advisable with the listing of any tranche of the Energy
Transition Bonds on any stock exchange and otherwise amend this Indenture to incorporate changes requested or required by any such government authority, stock exchange authority or Person for any tranche of the Energy Transition Bonds in
connection with such listing.

64

The Indenture Trustee is hereby authorized to join in the execution of any such supplemental indenture and to make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations that may be therein
contained.

(b) The Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, when authorized by an Issuer Order, may, also without the consent of any of the Holders, enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental
hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to, or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of, this Indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders under this Indenture; provided, however,
that (i) such action shall not, as evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel of nationally recognized counsel of the Issuer experienced in structured finance transactions, adversely affect in any material respect the interests of the Holders and (ii)
the Rating Agency Condition shall have been satisfied with respect thereto.

SECTION 9.02. Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders. The Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, when authorized by an
Issuer Order, also may, with prior notice to the Rating Agencies and with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds of each tranche to be affected, by Act of such Holders
delivered to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to, or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of, this Indenture or of
modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders under this Indenture; provided, however, that no such supplemental indenture shall, without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Energy Transition Bond of each tranche
affected thereby:

(i) change the date of payment of any installment of principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any Energy Transition Bond of such tranche, or reduce the
principal amount thereof, the interest rate thereon or the premium, if any, with respect thereto;

(ii) change the provisions of this Indenture and the Series Supplement relating to the application of collections on, or the proceeds of the sale of, the Trust
Estate to payment of principal of or premium, if any, or interest on the Energy Transition Bonds of such tranche, or change any place of payment where, or the coin or currency in which, any Energy Transition Bond of such tranche or the
interest thereon is payable;

(iii) reduce the percentage of the Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds or of a tranche thereof, the consent of the Holders of which is required for
any such supplemental indenture, or the consent of the Holders of which is required for any waiver of compliance with certain provisions of this Indenture or certain defaults hereunder and their consequences provided for in this Indenture;

(iv) reduce the percentage of the Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds required to direct the Indenture Trustee to direct the Issuer to sell or
liquidate the Trust Estate pursuant to Section 5.04;

65

(v) modify any provision of this Section 9.02 or any provision of the other Basic Documents similarly specifying the rights of the Holders to consent to
modification thereof, except to increase any percentage specified herein or to provide that those provisions of this Indenture or the other Basic Documents referenced in this Section 9.02 cannot be modified or waived without the
consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Energy Transition Bond affected thereby;

(vi) modify any of the provisions of this Indenture in such manner as to affect the calculation of the amount of any payment of interest, principal or premium, if
any, due and payable on any Energy Transition Bond on any Payment Date (including the calculation of any of the individual components of such calculation) or change the Expected Sinking Fund Schedule, the Expected Amortization Schedule or
the Final Maturity Dates of the Energy Transition Bonds;

(vii) decrease the Required Capital Amount with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds;

(viii) permit the creation of any Lien ranking prior to or on a parity with the Lien of this Indenture with respect to any part of the Trust Estate or, except as
otherwise permitted or contemplated herein, terminate the Lien of this Indenture on any property at any time subject hereto or deprive the Holder of any Energy Transition Bond of the security provided by the Lien of this Indenture;

(ix) cause any material adverse U.S. federal income tax consequence to the Seller, the Issuer, the Managers, the Indenture Trustee or the then-existing Holders; or

(x) impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of the provisions of this Indenture regarding payment or application of funds.

It shall not be necessary for any Act of Holders under this Section 9.02 to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture, but it shall be sufficient if such Act
shall approve the substance thereof.

Promptly after the execution by the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee of any supplemental indenture pursuant to this Section 9.02, the Issuer shall mail to the Rating Agencies a copy of
such supplemental indenture and to the Holders to which such supplemental indenture relates either a copy of such supplemental indenture or a notice setting forth in general terms the substance of such supplemental indenture. Any failure of
the Issuer to mail such notice, or any defect therein, shall not, however, in any way impair or affect the validity of any such supplemental indenture.

SECTION 9.03. Louisiana Commission Condition. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 9.01
or Section 9.02, no indenture or indentures supplemental to this Indenture (other than the Series Supplement which shall not be subject to the Louisiana Commission Condition (as described in this Section 9.03)) shall be
effective if such supplemental indenture or indentures increases Ongoing Financing Costs, except upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent in this Section 9.03.

66

(a) The Issuer may request the consent of the Louisiana Commission to the proposed amendment, modification, waiver, supplement, termination, surrender or
supplemental indenture, as the case may be, by delivering to the Louisiana Commissions executive secretary and executive counsel a written request for such consent, which request shall contain:

(i) a reference to Docket No. U-37213 and a statement as to the possible effect of the proposed amendment, modification, waiver, supplement, termination,
surrender or supplemental indenture, as the case may be, on Ongoing Financing Costs;

(ii) an Officers Certificate stating that the proposed amendment, modification, waiver, supplement, termination, surrender or supplemental indenture, as the case
may be, has been approved by all parties to this Indenture, and if applicable, the Holders; and

(iii) a statement identifying the individual to whom the Louisiana Commission or its staff is to address its consent to the proposed
amendment, modification, waiver, supplement, termination, surrender or supplemental indenture, as the case may be, or request additional time.

(b) Any proposed amendment, modification, waiver, supplement, termination, surrender or supplemental indenture, as the case may be, requiring the consent of the Louisiana Commission as
provided in this Section 9.03 shall become effective on the later of:

(i) the date proposed by the parties to the proposed amendment, modification, waiver, supplement, termination, surrender or supplemental indenture, as the case
may be; or

(ii) thirty-one (31) days after such request for consent to the proposed amendment, modification, waiver, supplement, termination, surrender or supplemental
indenture, as the case may be, is delivered to the Louisiana Commission unless the Louisiana Commission issues an order disapproving the amendment within a thirty (30)-day period.

SECTION 9.04. Execution of Supplemental Indentures. In executing any supplemental indenture permitted by this Article IX or the modifications thereby of the Trust Estate, the
Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to receive and be fully protected in relying upon an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such supplemental indenture is authorized and permitted by this Indenture and all conditions precedent, if
any, provided for in this Indenture relating to such supplemental indenture or modification have been satisfied. The Indenture Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such supplemental indenture that affects the Indenture
Trustees own rights, duties, liabilities or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise.

SECTION 9.05. Effect of Supplemental Indenture. Upon the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions hereof, this Indenture shall be and be deemed to be
modified and amended in accordance therewith with respect to each tranche of Energy Transition Bonds affected thereby, and the respective rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties, liabilities and immunities under this Indenture of the
Indenture Trustee, the Issuer and the Holders shall thereafter be determined, exercised and enforced hereunder subject in all respects to such modifications and amendments, and all the terms and conditions of any such supplemental indenture
shall be and be deemed to be part of the terms and conditions of this Indenture for any and all purposes.

67

SECTION 9.06. Conformity with Trust Indenture Act. Every amendment of this Indenture and every supplemental indenture executed pursuant to this Article IX shall conform to the
requirements of the Trust Indenture Act as then in effect so long as this Indenture shall then be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act.

SECTION 9.07. Reference in Energy Transition Bonds to Supplemental Indentures. Energy Transition Bonds authenticated and delivered after the execution of any supplemental indenture
pursuant to this Article IX may, and if required by the Indenture Trustee shall, bear a notation in form approved by the Indenture Trustee as to any matter provided for in such supplemental indenture. If the Issuer shall so determine,
new Energy Transition Bonds so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Issuer, to any such supplemental indenture may be prepared and executed by the Issuer and authenticated and delivered by the Indenture Trustee in exchange for
Outstanding Energy Transition Bonds.

ARTICLE X

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 10.01. Compliance Certificates and Opinions, etc.

(a) Upon any application or request by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee to take any action under any provision of this Indenture, the Issuer shall furnish to the Indenture Trustee (i)
an Officers Certificate stating that all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with, (ii) an Opinion of Counsel stating that in the opinion of such counsel the amendment
is authorized and permitted and all such conditions precedent, if any, have been complied with and (iii) (if required by the Trust Indenture Act) an Independent Certificate from a firm of registered public accountants meeting the applicable
requirements of this Section 10.01, except that, in the case of any such application or request as to which the furnishing of such documents is specifically required by any provision of this Indenture, no additional certificate or
opinion need be furnished.

Every certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture shall include:

(i) a statement that each signatory of such certificate or opinion has read or has caused to be read such covenant or condition and the definitions herein
relating thereto;

(ii) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such certificate or
opinion are based;

(iii) a statement that, in the opinion of each such signatory, such signatory has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable such signatory
to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with; and

68

(iv) a statement as to whether, in the opinion of each such signatory, such condition or covenant has been complied with.

(b) Prior to the deposit of any collateral or other property or securities with the Indenture Trustee that is to be made the basis for the release of any
property or securities subject to the Lien of this Indenture, the Issuer shall, in addition to any obligation imposed in Section 10.01(a) or elsewhere in this Indenture, furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate
certifying or stating the opinion of each individual signing such certificate as to the fair value (within ninety (90) days of such deposit) to the Issuer of the Trust Estate or other property or securities to be so deposited.

(c) Whenever the Issuer is required to furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate certifying or stating the opinion of any signer thereof as
to the matters described in Section 10.01(b), the Issuer shall also deliver to the Indenture Trustee an Independent Certificate as to the same matters, if the fair value to the Issuer of the securities to be so deposited and of all
other such securities made the basis of any such withdrawal or release since the commencement of the then-current fiscal year of the Issuer, as set forth in the certificates delivered pursuant to Section 10.01(b) and this Section 10.01(c),
is ten (10) percent or more of the Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds, but such a certificate need not be furnished with respect to any securities so deposited, if the fair value thereof to the Issuer as set forth in the related
Officers Certificate is less than the lesser of (A) $25,000 or (B) one (1) percent of the Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds.

(d) Whenever any property or securities are to be released from the Lien of this Indenture other than pursuant to Section 8.02(e), the Issuer shall also furnish to the Indenture
Trustee an Officers Certificate certifying or stating the opinion of each individual signing such certificate as to the fair value (within ninety (90) days of such release) of the property or securities proposed to be released and stating that
in the opinion of such person the proposed release will not impair the security under this Indenture in contravention of the provisions hereof.

(e) Whenever the Issuer is required to furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Officers Certificate certifying or stating the opinion of any signatory thereof
as to the matters described in Section 10.01(d), the Issuer shall also furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Independent Certificate as to the same matters if the fair value of the property or securities with respect thereto, or
securities released from the Lien of this Indenture (other than pursuant to Section 8.02(e)) since the commencement of the then-current calendar year, as set forth in the certificates required by Section 10.01(d) and this Section 10.01(e),
equals ten (10) percent or more of the Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds, but such certificate need not be furnished in the case of any release of property or securities if the fair value thereof as set forth in the related
Officers Certificate is less than the lesser of (A) $25,000 or (B) one (1) percent of the then Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds.

(f) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 10.01, the Indenture Trustee may (A) collect, liquidate, sell or otherwise dispose of the Energy Transition Property and
other assets in the Trust Estate as and to the extent permitted or required by the Basic Documents and (B) make cash payments out of the Collection Account as and to the extent permitted or required by the Basic Documents.

69

SECTION 10.02. Form of Documents Delivered to Indenture Trustee. In any case where several matters are required to be certified by, or covered by an opinion of, any specified Person,
it is not necessary that all such matters be certified by, or covered by the opinion of, only one such Person, or that they be so certified or covered by only one document, but one such Person may certify or give an opinion with respect to some
matters and one or more other such Persons as to other matters, and any such Person may certify or give an opinion as to such matters in one or several documents.

Any certificate or opinion of a Responsible Officer of the Issuer may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, counsel, unless
such officer knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to the matters upon which his or her certificate or opinion is based are erroneous. Any such certificate of
a Responsible Officer or Opinion of Counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, an officer or officers of the Servicer or the Issuer stating that the information with
respect to such factual matters is in the possession of the Servicer or the Issuer, unless such counsel knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to such matters
are erroneous.

Whenever in this Indenture, in connection with any application or certificate or report to the Indenture Trustee, it is provided that the Issuer shall deliver any document as a condition of the
granting of such application, or as evidence of the Issuers compliance with any term hereof, it is intended that the truth and accuracy, at the time of the granting of such application or at the effective date of such certificate or report (as
the case may be), of the facts and opinions stated in such document shall in such case be conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer to have such application granted or to the sufficiency of such certificate or report. The foregoing shall
not, however, be construed to affect the Indenture Trustees right to rely conclusively upon the truth and accuracy of any statement or opinion contained in any such document as provided in Article VI.

Where any Person is required to make, give or execute two or more applications, requests, consents, certificates, statements, opinions or other instruments under this Indenture, they may, but
need not, be consolidated and form one instrument.

SECTION 10.03. Acts of Holders.

(a) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by this Indenture to be given or taken by Holders may be embodied in and evidenced by
one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such Holders in person or by agents duly appointed in writing, and except as herein otherwise expressly provided such action shall become effective when such instrument or
instruments are delivered to the Indenture Trustee and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the Issuer. Such instrument or instruments (and the action embodied therein and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes referred to as the Act
of the Holders signing such instrument or instruments. Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and (subject to Section 6.01) conclusive
in favor of the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer, if made in the manner provided in this Section 10.03.

70

(b) The fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing may be proved in any manner that the Indenture Trustee deems sufficient.

(c) The ownership of Energy Transition Bonds shall be proved by the Energy Transition Bond Register.

(d) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action by the Holder of any Energy Transition Bond shall bind the Holder of every Energy Transition
Bond issued upon the registration thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof, in respect of anything done, omitted or suffered to be done by the Indenture Trustee or the Issuer in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action
is made upon such Energy Transition Bond.

SECTION 10.04. Notices, etc., to Indenture Trustee, Issuer and Rating Agencies. Any notice, report or other communication given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be effective
(i) upon receipt when sent through the mails, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, with such receipt to be effective the date of delivery indicated on the return receipt, (ii) upon receipt when sent by an
overnight courier, (iii) on the date personally delivered to an authorized officer of the party to which sent or (iv) on the date transmitted by facsimile or other electronic transmission with a confirmation of receipt in all cases, addressed
as follows:

(a) in the case of the Issuer, to Cleco Securitization II LLC, 505 Cleco Drive Office Number 17, Pineville, Louisiana 71360-5226, Attention: Manager;

(b) in the case of the Indenture Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Energy Transition Bond Registrar, to the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee;

(c) in the case of Moodys, to Moodys Investors Service, Inc., ABS/RMBS Monitoring Department, 24th Floor, 7 World Trade Center, 250 Greenwich
Street, New York, New York 10007, Email: ABSCORMonitoring@moodys.com (for notices) and servicerreports@moodys.com (for servicer reports and all other reports) (all notices and reports to be
delivered to Moodys in writing by email);

(d) in the case of S&P, to Standard & Poors Ratings Group, Inc., Structured Credit Surveillance, 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041,
Telephone: (212) 438-8991, Email: servicer_reports@spglobal.com (all such notices to be delivered to S&P in writing by email);

(e) in the case of the Louisiana Commission, to Galvez Building, 12th Floor, 602 North Fifth Street, Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70802, Attention: Executive Secretary.

Each party hereto may, by notice given in accordance herewith to the other party or parties hereto, designate any further or different address to which subsequent notices, reports and other
communications shall be sent.

71

The Indenture Trustee agrees to accept and act upon instructions or directions pursuant to this Indenture sent by the Issuer by unsecured e-mail, facsimile transmission or other similar
unsecured electronic methods; provided, however, that (a) subsequent to such transmission of written instructions, upon request, the Issuer shall provide the originally executed instructions or directions to the Indenture Trustee in a timely
manner, and (b) such originally executed instructions or directions shall be signed by an authorized representative of the Issuer providing such instructions or directions. If the Issuer elects to give the Indenture Trustee e-mail or facsimile
instructions (or instructions by a similar electronic method) and the Indenture Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such instructions, the Indenture Trustees understanding of such instructions shall be deemed controlling. The
Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Indenture Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding such instructions conflict or are
inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The Issuer agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of such electronic methods to submit instructions and directions to the Indenture Trustee, including without limitation the risk of
the Indenture Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk or interception and misuse by third parties.

SECTION 10.05. Notices to Holders; Waiver. Where this Indenture provides for notice to Holders of any event, such notice shall be sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein expressly
provided) if in writing and mailed, first-class, postage prepaid, or otherwise delivered in accordance with DTCs procedures, to each Holder affected by such event, at such Holders address as it appears on the Energy Transition Bond Register,
not later than the latest date, and not earlier than the earliest date, prescribed for the giving of such notice. In any case where notice to Holders is given by mail, neither the failure to mail such notice nor any defect in any notice so
mailed to any particular Holder shall affect the sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Holders, and any notice that is mailed in the manner herein provided shall conclusively be presumed to have been duly given.

Where this Indenture provides for notice in any manner, such notice may be waived in writing by any Person entitled to receive such notice, either before or after the event, and such waiver
shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by Holders shall be filed with the Indenture Trustee, but such filing shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in reliance upon such a waiver.

In case, by reason of the suspension of regular mail service as a result of a strike, work stoppage or similar activity, it shall be impractical to mail notice of any event of Holders when such
notice is required to be given pursuant to any provision of this Indenture, then any manner of giving such notice as shall be satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee shall be deemed to be a sufficient giving of such notice.

Where this Indenture provides for notice to the Rating Agencies, failure to give such notice shall not affect any other rights or obligations created hereunder and shall not under any
circumstance constitute a Default or Event of Default.

SECTION 10.06. Conflict with Trust Indenture Act. If any provision hereof limits, qualifies or conflicts with another provision hereof that is required to be included in this Indenture
by any of the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act, such required provision shall control.

72

The provisions of Sections 310 through 317 of the Trust Indenture Act that impose duties on any Person (including the provisions automatically deemed included herein unless expressly excluded
by this Indenture) are a part of and govern this Indenture, whether or not physically contained herein.

SECTION 10.07. Successors and Assigns. All covenants and agreements in this Indenture and the Energy Transition Bonds by the Issuer shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so
expressed or not. All agreements of the Indenture Trustee in this Indenture shall bind its successors.

SECTION 10.08. Severability. Any provision in this Indenture or in the Energy Transition Bonds that is prohibited, invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to
such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition, invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without invalidating the remainder of such provision (if any) or the remaining provisions hereof (unless such construction shall be
unreasonable), and any such prohibition, invalidity, illegality or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

SECTION 10.09. Benefits of Indenture. Nothing in this Indenture or in the Energy Transition Bonds, express or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto and
their successors hereunder, and the Holders, and any other party secured hereunder, and any other Person with an ownership interest in any part of the Trust Estate, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this
Indenture.

SECTION 10.10. Legal Holidays. In any case where the date on which any payment is due shall not be a Business Day, then (notwithstanding any other provision of the Energy
Transition Bonds or this Indenture) payment need not be made on such date, but may be made on the next Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on the date on which nominally due, and no interest shall accrue for the period from
and after any such nominal date.

SECTION 10.11. GOVERNING LAW. This Indenture shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Louisiana, without
reference to its conflict of law provisions, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws.

SECTION 10.12. Counterparts. This Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts
shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The Issuer and Indenture Trustee agree that this Indenture may be electronically signed, that any digital or electronic signatures (including pdf,
facsimile or electronically imaged signatures provided by DocuSign or any other digital signature provider as specified in writing to the Indenture Trustee) appearing on this Indenture are the same as handwritten signatures for the purposes
of validity, enforceability and admissibility, and that delivery of any such electronic signature to, or a signed copy of, this Indenture may be made by facsimile, email or other electronic transmission. The Issuer agrees to assume all risks
arising out of the use of digital signatures and electronic methods of submitting such signatures to the Indenture Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Indenture Trustee acting upon documents with unauthorized signatures and
the risk of interception and misuse by third parties.

73

SECTION 10.13. Recording of Indenture. If this Indenture is subject to recording in any appropriate public recording offices, such recording is to be effected by the Issuer and at its
expense accompanied by an Opinion of Counsel at the Issuers cost and expense, to the effect that such recording is necessary either for the protection of the Holders or any other Person secured hereunder or for the enforcement of any right or
remedy granted to the Indenture Trustee under this Indenture. For the avoidance of doubt, the Indenture Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for recording this Indenture.

SECTION 10.14. No Recourse to Issuer. No recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee on the Energy Transition
Bonds or under this Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection herewith or therewith, against (a) the Issuer, other than from the Trust Estate, (b) any owner of a membership interest in the Issuer (including Cleco
Power) or (c) any shareholder, partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer or employee of the Indenture Trustee, the Managers or any owner of a membership interest in the Issuer (including Cleco Power) in its respective individual capacity, or
of any successor or assign of any of them in their respective individual or corporate capacities, except as any such Person may have expressly agreed in writing. Notwithstanding any provision of this Indenture or the Series Supplement to the
contrary, Holders shall look only to the Trust Estate with respect to any amounts due to the Holders hereunder and under the Energy Transition Bonds and, in the event the Trust Estate is insufficient to pay in full the amounts owed on the
Energy Transition Bonds, shall have no recourse against the Issuer in respect of such insufficiency. Each Holder by accepting an Energy Transition Bond specifically confirms the nonrecourse nature of these obligations and waives and releases
all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds.

SECTION 10.15. Basic Documents. The Indenture Trustee is hereby authorized and directed to execute and deliver the Servicing Agreement, the Sale Agreement and the Intercreditor
Agreement and to execute and deliver any other Basic Document that it is requested to acknowledge and accept. The Issuer shall provide an Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel to the Indenture Trustee, upon which the Indenture Trustee
may rely conclusively with no duty of independent investigation or inquiry, to the effect that the Intercreditor Agreement does not materially and adversely affect any Holders rights in and to the Trust Estate or otherwise hereunder and that
the Intercreditor Agreement is permitted under the Indenture. The Intercreditor Agreement shall be binding on the Holders.

SECTION 10.16. No Petition. The Indenture Trustee, by entering into this Indenture, and each Holder, by accepting an Energy Transition Bond (or interest therein) issued hereunder,
hereby covenant and agree that they shall not, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the termination of this Indenture and the payment in full of the Energy Transition Bonds, all financing costs and any other amount owed under
the Indenture by the Issuer, acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the Issuer or any Manager to invoke or otherwise join with any Person to invoke the process of any court or government authority for the purpose of commencing or
sustaining an involuntary case against the Issuer under any U. S. federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuer
for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the dissolution, winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Issuer. Nothing in this Section 10.16 shall preclude, or be deemed to estop, such Holder or the Indenture Trustee
(a) from taking or omitting to take any action prior to such date in (i) any case or Proceeding voluntarily filed or commenced by or on behalf of the Issuer under or pursuant to any such law or (ii) any involuntary case or Proceeding pertaining
to the Issuer that is filed or commenced by or on behalf of a Person other than such Holder and is not joined in by such Holder (or any Person to which such Holder shall have assigned, transferred or otherwise conveyed any part of the
obligations of the Issuer hereunder) under or pursuant to any such law or (b) from commencing or prosecuting any legal action that is not an involuntary case or Proceeding under or pursuant to any such law against the Issuer or any of its
properties.

74

SECTION 10.17. Securities Intermediary. The Securities Intermediary, in acting under this Indenture, is entitled to all rights, benefits, privileges, protections, immunities and
indemnities accorded to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, in its capacity as Indenture Trustee under this Indenture.

SECTION 10.18. Rule 17g-5 Compliance.

(a) The Indenture Trustee agrees that any notice, report, request for satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition, document or other information provided by the Indenture Trustee to
any Rating Agency under this Indenture or any other Basic Document to which it is a party for the purpose of determining or confirming the credit rating of the Energy Transition Bonds or undertaking credit rating surveillance of the Energy
Transition Bonds shall be provided, substantially concurrently, to the Servicer for posting on the 17g-5 Website. The Servicer shall be responsible for posting all of the information on the 17g-5 Website.

(b) The Indenture Trustee will not be responsible for creating or maintaining the 17g-5 Website, posting any information to the 17g-5 Website or assuring that the 17g-5 Website
complies with the requirements of this Indenture, Rule 17g-5 under the Exchange Act or any other law or regulation. In no event shall the Indenture Trustee be deemed to make any representation in respect of the content of the 17g-5 Website or
compliance by the 17g-5 Website with this Indenture, Rule 17g-5 under the Exchange Act or any other law or regulation. The Indenture Trustee shall have no obligation to engage in or respond to any oral communications with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby, any transaction documents relating hereto or in any way relating to the Energy Transition Bonds or for the purposes of determining the initial credit rating of the Energy Transition Bonds or undertaking credit
rating surveillance of the Energy Transition Bonds with any Rating Agency or any of its respective officers, directors or employees. The Indenture Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for the dissemination of any identification numbers
or passwords for the 17g-5 Website, including by the Servicer, the Rating Agencies, a NRSRO, any of their respective agents or any other party. Additionally, the Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for the use of the information posted on
the 17g-5 Website, whether by the Servicer, the Rating Agencies, an NRSRO or any other third party that may gain access to the 17g-5 Website or the information posted thereon.

75

SECTION 10.19. Submission to Non-Exclusive Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. Each of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee and each Holder (by its
acceptance of the Energy Transition Bonds) hereby irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of (A) any Louisiana State court and any New York State court sitting in The Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York or (B) any U.S.
federal court sitting in Louisiana and any U.S. federal court sitting in The Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in respect of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Indenture and the Energy Transition
Bonds and irrevocably accepts for itself and in respect of its respective property, generally and unconditionally, jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts. Each of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and each Holder (by its acceptance of the
Energy Transition Bonds) irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so under applicable law, trial by jury.

SECTION 10.20. Certain Tax Laws. In order to comply with applicable tax laws, rules and regulations (inclusive of directives, guidelines and interpretations promulgated by competent
authorities) in effect from time to time to which a foreign financial institution, issuer, trustee, paying agent, holder or other institution is or has agreed to be subject related to the Basic Documents, the Issuer agrees (a) to provide to the
Indenture Trustee sufficient information about Holders or other applicable parties and/or transactions (including any modification to the terms of such transactions) so as to enable the Indenture Trustee to determine whether it has tax-related
obligations under such applicable tax laws, rules and regulations (inclusive of directives, guidelines and interpretations promulgated by competent authorities) and (b) that the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to make any withholding or
deduction from payments under the Basic Documents to the extent necessary to comply with such applicable tax laws, rules and regulations (inclusive of directives, guidelines and interpretations promulgated by competent authorities) for which
the Indenture Trustee shall not have any liability.

{SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS}

76

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Securities Intermediary have caused this Indenture to be duly executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, all
as of the day and year first above written.

CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC, as Issuer

By: /s/ William G. Fontenot

Name: William G. Fontenot

Title: President

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association,

as Indenture Trustee and as Securities Intermediary

By: /s/ David H. Hill

Name: David H. Hill

Title: Vice President

Signature Page to Indenture

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF ENERGY TRANSITION BOND

See attached.

UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR SECURITIES IN DEFINITIVE REGISTERED FORM, THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO THE NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY A
NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY. UNLESS THIS SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY SECURITY ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER
NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREON IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR
OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

NEITHER THE FULL FAITH AND CREDIT NOR THE TAXING POWER OF THE STATE OF LOUISIANA IS PLEDGED TO THE PAYMENT OF THE PRINCIPAL OF, OR INTEREST ON, THIS TRANCHE {__} SERIES 2025-A SENIOR SECURED ENERGY TRANSITION
BOND

No. {_____} 

${__________}

Tranche {__} 

CUSIP No.: {__________}

THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS SERIES 2025-A, TRANCHE {__} SENIOR SECURED ENERGY TRANSITION BOND, (THIS ENERGY TRANSITION BOND) WILL BE PAID IN INSTALLMENTS AS SET FORTH HEREIN. ACCORDINGLY, THE OUTSTANDING
PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS ENERGY TRANSITION BOND AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ABOVE. THE HOLDER OF THIS ENERGY TRANSITION BOND HAS NO RECOURSE TO THE ISSUER HEREOF AND AGREES TO LOOK ONLY TO THE TRUST ESTATE, AS DESCRIBED IN
THE INDENTURE, FOR PAYMENT OF ANY AMOUNTS DUE HEREUNDER. ALL OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER OF THIS ENERGY TRANSITION BOND UNDER THE TERMS OF THE INDENTURE WILL BE RELEASED AND DISCHARGED UPON PAYMENT IN FULL HEREOF OR AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN SECTION

3.10(b) OR ARTICLE IV OF THE INDENTURE. THE HOLDER OF THIS ENERGY TRANSITION BOND HEREBY COVENANTS AND AGREES THAT PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS ONE YEAR AND ONE DAY AFTER THE PAYMENT IN FULL OF THIS ENERGY TRANSITION BOND, IT WILL
NOT INSTITUTE AGAINST, OR JOIN ANY OTHER PERSON IN INSTITUTING AGAINST, THE ISSUER ANY BANKRUPTCY, REORGANIZATION, ARRANGEMENT, INSOLVENCY OR LIQUIDATION PROCEEDINGS OR OTHER SIMILAR PROCEEDING UNDER THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY STATE
OF THE UNITED STATES. NOTHING IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL PRECLUDE, OR BE DEEMED TO ESTOP, SUCH HOLDER (A) FROM TAKING OR OMITTING TO TAKE ANY ACTION PRIOR TO SUCH DATE IN (I) ANY CASE OR PROCEEDING VOLUNTARILY FILED OR COMMENCED BY OR ON BEHALF
OF THE ISSUER UNDER OR PURSUANT TO ANY SUCH LAW OR (II) ANY INVOLUNTARY CASE OR PROCEEDING PERTAINING TO THE ISSUER THAT IS FILED OR COMMENCED BY OR ON BEHALF OF A PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH HOLDER AND IS NOT JOINED IN BY SUCH HOLDER (OR ANY PERSON
TO WHICH SUCH HOLDER SHALL HAVE ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE CONVEYED ANY PART OF THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER HEREUNDER) UNDER OR PURSUANT TO ANY SUCH LAW OR (B) FROM COMMENCING OR PROSECUTING ANY LEGAL ACTION THAT IS NOT AN INVOLUNTARY
CASE OR PROCEEDING UNDER OR PURSUANT TO ANY SUCH LAW AGAINST THE ISSUER OR ANY OF ITS PROPERTIES.

CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC

SERIES 2025-A SENIOR SECURED ENERGY TRANSITION BONDS, TRANCHE {__}

BOND

INTEREST

RATE 

ORIGINAL 

PRINCIPAL

AMOUNT 

SCHEDULED

FINAL 

PAYMENT

DATE 

FINAL

MATURITY

DATE

{____}% 

${__________} 

{__________}, 20{__} 

{__________}, 20{__}

Cleco Securitization II LLC, a limited liability company created under the laws of the State of Louisiana (herein referred to as the Issuer), for value received, hereby promises to pay
to {__________}, or registered assigns, the Original Principal Amount shown above in semi-annual installments on the Payment Dates and in the amounts specified below or, if less, the amounts determined pursuant to Section 8.02 of the
Indenture, in each year, commencing on the date determined as provided below and ending on or before the Final Maturity Date shown above and to pay interest, at the Bond Interest Rate shown above, on each June 1 and December 1 or, if any such
day is not a Business Day, the next Business Day, commencing on December 1, 2025 and continuing until the earlier of the payment in full of the principal hereof and the Final Maturity Date (each, a Payment Date), on the principal
amount of this Energy Transition Bond. Interest on this Energy Transition Bond will accrue for each Payment Date from the most recent Payment Date on which interest has been paid to but excluding such Payment Date or, if no interest has yet
been paid, from the date of issuance. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. Such principal of and interest on this Energy Transition Bond shall be paid in the manner specified below.

The principal of and interest on this Energy Transition Bond are payable in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public
and private debts. All payments made by the Issuer with respect to this Energy Transition Bond shall be applied first to interest due and payable on this Energy Transition Bond as provided above and then to the unpaid principal of and premium,
if any, on this Energy Transition Bond, all in the manner set forth in the Indenture.

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Indenture Trustee whose name appears below by manual, electronic or facsimile signature, this Energy Transition Bond
shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture referred to below or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be signed, manually, electronically or in facsimile, by its Responsible Officer.

Date: {__________}, 20{__} CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC,

as Issuer

By: 

Name:

Title:

INDENTURE TRUSTEES

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

Dated: {__________}, 20{__}

This is one of the Series 2025-A, Tranche {__} Senior Secured Energy Transition Bonds, designated above and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Indenture Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

This Senior Secured Energy Transition Bond, Series 2025-A, tranche {__} is one of a duly authorized issue of Series 2025-A Senior Secured Energy Transition Bonds of the Issuer (herein called
the Series 2025-A Bonds), which Series are issuable in one or more tranches. The Series 2025-A Bonds consist of two tranches, including the Tranche {__} Series 2025-A Senior Secured Energy Transition Bonds, which include this Senior
Secured Energy Transition Bond (herein called the Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bonds), all issued and to be issued under that certain Indenture dated as of March 12, 2025 (as supplemented by the Series Supplement (as defined below),
the Indenture), between the Issuer and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, in its capacity as indenture trustee (the Indenture Trustee, which term includes any successor indenture trustee under the
Indenture) and in its separate capacity as a securities intermediary (the Securities Intermediary, which term includes any successor securities intermediary under the Indenture), to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental
thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights and obligations thereunder of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Holders of the Series 2025-A Bonds. For purposes herein, Series Supplement means that
certain Series Supplement dated as of March 12, 2025 between the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee. All terms used in this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond that are defined in the Indenture, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time, shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Indenture.

All tranches of the Series 2025-A Bonds are equally and ratably secured by the Trust Estate pledged as security therefor as provided in the Indenture.

The principal of this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond shall be payable on each Payment Date only to the extent that amounts in the Collection Account for the Series 2025-A Bonds are
available therefor, and only until the outstanding principal balance thereof on the preceding Payment Date (after giving effect to all payments of principal, if any, made on the preceding Payment Date) has been reduced to the principal balance
specified in the Expected Amortization Schedule that is attached to the Series Supplement as Schedule A, unless payable earlier because an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Indenture Trustee or the Holders
representing a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Series 2025-A Bonds have declared the Series 2025-A Bonds to be immediately due and payable in accordance with Section 5.02 of the Indenture (unless such declaration shall have
been rescinded and annulled in accordance with Section 5.02 of the Indenture). However, actual principal payments may be made in lesser than expected amounts and at later than expected times as determined pursuant to Section 8.02
of the Indenture. The entire unpaid principal amount of this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond shall be due and payable on the Final Maturity Date hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the entire
unpaid principal amount of the Series 2025-A Bonds shall be due and payable, if not then previously paid, on the date on which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Indenture Trustee or the Holders of the Series
2025-A Bonds representing a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Series 2025-A Bonds have declared the Series 2025-A Bonds to be immediately due and payable in the manner provided in Section 5.02 of the Indenture (unless such
declaration shall have been rescinded and annulled in accordance with Section 5.02 of the Indenture). All principal payments on the Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bonds shall be made pro rata to the Holders of the Tranche {__} Energy
Transition Bonds entitled thereto based on the respective principal amounts of the Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bonds held by them.

Payments of interest on this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond due and payable on each Payment Date, together with the installment of principal or premium, if any, shall be made by check
mailed first-class, postage prepaid, to the Person whose name appears as the Registered Holder of this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond (or one or more Predecessor Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bonds) on the Energy Transition Bond Register
as of the close of business on the Record Date or in such other manner as may be provided in the Indenture or the Series Supplement, except that (a) upon application to the Indenture Trustee by any Holder owning a Global Energy Transition Bond
evidencing this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond not later than the applicable Record Date, payment will be made by wire transfer to an account maintained by such Holder, and (b) if this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond is held in
Book-Entry Form, payments will be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account designated by the Holder of the applicable Global Energy Transition Bond evidencing this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond unless and until
such Global Energy Transition Bond is exchanged for Definitive Energy Transition Bonds (in which event payments shall be made as provided above) and except for the final installment of principal and premium, if any, payable with respect to this
Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond on a Payment Date, which shall be payable as provided below. Such checks shall be mailed to the Person entitled thereto at the address of such Person as it appears on the Energy Transition Bond Register as
of the applicable Record Date without requiring that this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond be submitted for notation of payment. Any reduction in the principal amount of this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond (or any one or more
Predecessor Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bonds) effected by any payments made on any Payment Date shall be binding upon all future Holders of this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond and of any Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond issued upon
the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether or not noted hereon. If funds are expected to be available, as provided in the Indenture, for payment in full of the then-remaining unpaid principal amount of
this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond on a Payment Date, then the Indenture Trustee, in the name of and on behalf of the Issuer, will notify the Person who was the Registered Holder hereof as of the Record Date preceding such Payment Date by
notice sent no later than five (5) days prior to such final Payment Date and shall specify that such final installment will be payable only upon presentation and surrender of this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond and shall specify the place
where this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond may be presented and surrendered for payment of such installment.

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue installments of interest at the Bond Interest Rate to the extent lawful.

This Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond is an energy transition bond as such term is defined in the Securitization Act. Principal and interest on this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond
are payable from and secured primarily by the Energy Transition Property authorized by the Financing Order.

The Securitization Act provides that the State of Louisiana and the Legislature of Louisiana each pledge to and agree with bondholders, the owners of the energy transition property, and other
financing parties that, until the financing costs and the energy transition bonds and any ancillary agreements have been paid and performed in full, the state and the Legislature of Louisiana shall not do any of the following:

(a) Alter the provisions of this Part [the Securitization Act] that authorize the commission to create an irrevocable contract right by the issuance of a financing order, to create energy
transition property, and to make the energy transition charges imposed by a financing order irrevocable, binding, and nonbypassable charges.

(b) Take or permit any action that impairs or would impair the value of energy transition property.

(c) Take or permit any action that impairs or would impair the rights and remedies of the issuer, any other assignee, such bondholders or other financing parities, or the security for the
energy transition bonds or ancillary agreements.

(d) Except as provided for in this Section [Section 1279 of the Securitization Act] and except for adjustments under any true-up mechanism established by the commission, reduce, alter, or
impair energy transition charges that are to be imposed, collected, and remitted for the benefit of the bondholders and other financing parties until any and all principal, interest, premium, financing costs and other fees, expenses, or charges
incurred, and any contracts to be performed, in connection with the related energy transition bonds have been paid and performed in full.

(2) Nothing in this Subsection [Section 1279B of the Securitization Act] shall preclude limitation or alteration if and when full compensation is made by law for the full protection of the
energy transition charges imposed, charged, and collected pursuant to a financing order and full protection of the holders of energy transition bonds and any assignee or financing party.

In addition, the Financing Order provides [that the Louisiana Commission covenants, pledges, and agrees it thereafter shall not amend, modify, or terminate
th[e] Financing Order by any subsequent action or reduce, impair, postpone, terminate, or otherwise adjust the energy transition charges approved in th[e] Financing Order, or in any way
reduce or impair the value of the energy transition property created by th[e] Financing Order, except as may be contemplated by a refinancing authorized in strict accordance with the Securitization
Act by a subsequent order of the Commission or by the periodic true-up adjustments authorized by th[e] Financing Order, until the indefeasible payment in full of the energy transition bonds, any
ancillary agreements, and the related financing costs.]

The Issuer acknowledges that the purchase of this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond by the Holder hereof or the purchase of any beneficial interest herein by any Person are made in reliance
on the foregoing pledges by the State of Louisiana, the Legislature of Louisiana and the Louisiana Commission.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth therein, the transfer of this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond may be registered on the Energy Transition Bond
Register upon surrender of this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond for registration of transfer at the office or agency designated by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by, (a) a written instrument of
transfer in form satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee duly executed by the Holder hereof or such Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, with such signature guaranteed by an institution which is a member of one of the following
recognized signature guaranty programs: (i) The Securities Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP); (ii) The New York Stock Exchange Medallion Program (MSP); (iii) The Stock Exchange Medallion Program (SEMP); or (iv) such other signature
guaranty program acceptable to the Indenture Trustee, and (b) such other documents as the Indenture Trustee may require, and thereupon one or more new Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bonds of Authorized Denominations and in the same aggregate
principal amount will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged for any registration of transfer or exchange of this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond, but the transferor may be required to pay
a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any such registration of transfer or exchange, other than exchanges pursuant to Section 2.04 or Section 2.06 of the Indenture
not involving any transfer.

Each Holder, by acceptance of a Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond, covenants and agrees that no recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuer or
the Indenture Trustee on the Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bonds or under the Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection therewith, against (a) any owner of a membership interest in the Issuer (including Cleco Power)
or (b) any shareholder, partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer or employee of the Indenture Trustee, the Managers or any owner of a membership interest in the Issuer (including Cleco Power) in its respective individual or corporate
capacities, or of any successor or assign of any of them in their individual or corporate capacities, except as any such Person may have expressly agreed in writing. Each Holder by accepting a Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond specifically
confirms the nonrecourse nature of these obligations and waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bonds.

Prior to the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may
treat the Person in whose name this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond is registered (as of the day of determination) as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payments of principal of and premium, if any, and interest on this Tranche
{__} Energy Transition Bond and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond be overdue, and none of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee or any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Holders under
the Indenture at any time by the Issuer with the consent of the Holders representing a majority of the Outstanding Amount of all Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds at the time outstanding of each tranche to be affected and upon the
satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition and the Louisiana Commission Condition. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders representing specified percentages of the Outstanding Amount of the Series 2025-A Energy
Transition Bonds, on behalf of the Holders of all the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds, with the satisfaction of the Louisiana Commission Condition, to waive compliance by the Issuer with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain
past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond (or any one of more Predecessor Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bonds) shall be conclusive and
binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond and of any Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof whether or
not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond. The Indenture also permits the Indenture Trustee to amend or waive certain terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture without the consent of
Holders issued thereunder, but with the satisfaction of the Louisiana Commission Condition.

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of (a) the entire indebtedness of the Issuer on a Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bond and (b) certain restrictive covenants and the
related Events of Default, upon compliance by the Issuer with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture, which provisions apply to this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond.

The term Issuer as used in this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond includes any successor to the Issuer under the Indenture.

The Issuer is permitted by the Indenture, under certain circumstances, to merge or consolidate, subject to the rights of the Indenture Trustee and the Holders under the Indenture.

The Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bonds are issuable only in registered form in denominations as provided in the Indenture and the Series Supplement subject to certain limitations therein set
forth.

This Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond, the Indenture and the Series Supplement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Louisiana, without reference
to its conflict of law provisions, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws.

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation, which is absolute and unconditional,
to pay the principal of and interest on this Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond at the times, place and rate and in the coin or currency herein prescribed.

The Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, by entering into the Indenture, and the Holders and any Persons holding a beneficial interest in any Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond, by acquiring any
Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond or interest therein, (a) express their intention that, solely for the purpose of U.S. federal taxes and, to the extent consistent with applicable state, local and other tax law, solely for the purpose of
state, local and other taxes, the Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bonds qualify under applicable tax law as indebtedness of the sole owner of the Issuer secured by the Trust Estate and (b) solely for purposes of U.S. federal taxes and, to the
extent consistent with applicable state, local and other tax law, solely for purposes of state, local and other taxes, so long as any of the Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bonds are outstanding, agree to treat the Tranche {__} Energy Transition
Bonds as indebtedness of the sole owner of the Issuer secured by the Trust Estate unless otherwise required by appropriate taxing authorities.

The Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, by entering into the Indenture, and the Holders and any Persons holding a beneficial interest in any Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond, by acquiring any
Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond or interest therein, expressly agree to be bound by the Intercreditor Agreement.

ABBREVIATIONS

The following abbreviations, when used above on this Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bond, shall be construed as though they were written out in full according to applicable laws or
regulations.

TEN COM 

as tenants in common

TEN ENT 

as tenants by the entireties

JT TEN 

as joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants

in common

UNIF GIFT MIN ACT 

___________________ Custodian ______________________

(Custodian) (minor)

Under Uniform Gifts to Minor Act (____________________)

(State)

Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list.

ASSIGNMENT

Social Security or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee ____________

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto

(name and address of assignee)

the within Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints ____________, attorney, to transfer said Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond on the books
kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated: 

Signature Guaranteed:

The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on the within Tranche {__} Energy Transition Bond in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any
change whatsoever.

NOTE: Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an institution that is a member of: (i) The Securities Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP); (ii) The New York Stock Exchange Medallion Program (MSP); (iii) the
Stock Exchange Medallion Program (SEMP); or (iv) such other signature guaranty program acceptable to the Indenture Trustee.

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF SERIES SUPPLEMENT

See attached.

This SERIES SUPPLEMENT, dated as of { }, 2025 (this Supplement), is by and between CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC, a limited liability company created under the laws of
the State of Louisiana (the Issuer), and THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as indenture trustee (the Indenture Trustee) for the benefit of the Secured Parties under the Indenture
dated as of March 12, 2025 (the Indenture), by and between the Issuer and THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as Indenture Trustee and in its separate capacity as a Securities Intermediary.

PRELIMINARY STATEMENT

Section 9.01 of the Indenture provides, among other things, that the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee may at any time enter into an
indenture supplemental to the Indenture for the purposes of authorizing the issuance by the Issuer of the Energy Transition Bonds and specifying the terms thereof. The Issuer has duly authorized the creation of the Energy Transition Bonds with an initial aggregate principal amount of $305,000,000 to be known as Series 2025-A Senior Secured Energy Transition Bonds (the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds), and the
Issuer and the Indenture Trustee are executing and delivering this Supplement in order to provide for the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds.

All terms used in this Supplement that are defined in the Indenture, either directly or by reference therein, have the meanings assigned to them therein, except to the extent such terms are
defined or modified in this Supplement or the context clearly requires otherwise. In the event that any term or provision contained herein shall conflict with or be inconsistent with any term or provision contained in the Indenture, the terms
and provisions of this Supplement shall govern.

GRANTING CLAUSE

With respect to the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds, the Issuer hereby Grants to the Indenture Trustee, as Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties of the Series 2025-A
Energy Transition Bonds, all of the Issuers right, title and interest (whether now owned or hereafter acquired or arising) in and to (a) the Energy Transition Property created under and pursuant to the Financing Order U-37213 issued November
27, 2024 (Docket No. U-37213) and the Securitization Act, and transferred by the Seller to the Issuer on the date hereof pursuant to the Sale Agreement (including, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the right to impose, bill,
charge, collect and receive the Energy Transition Charges, the right to obtain periodic adjustments to the Energy Transition Charges, and all revenues, collections, claims, rights to payments, payments, money and proceeds arising out of the
rights and interests created under the Financing Order), (b) all Energy Transition Charges related to the Energy Transition Property, (c) the Sale Agreement and the Bill of Sale executed in connection therewith and all property and interests in
property transferred under the Sale Agreement and the Bill of Sale with respect to the Energy Transition Property and the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds, (d) the Servicing Agreement, the
Administration Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and any subservicing, agency, administration or collection agreements executed in connection therewith, to the extent related to the Energy Transition Property and the Series 2025-A Energy
Transition Bonds, (e) the Collection Account for the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds, all Subaccounts thereof and all amounts of cash, instruments, investment property or other assets on deposit therein or credited thereto from time to
time or purchased with funds from the Collection Account and all financial assets and securities entitlements carried therein or credited thereto, (f) all rights to compel the Servicer to file for and obtain periodic adjustments to the Energy Transition Charges in accordance with the Securitization Act and the Financing Order, (g) all of the other property of the Issuer, other than any cash released to the Issuer by the Indenture Trustee
semi-annually from earnings on the Capital Subaccount, (h) all present and future claims, demands, causes and choses in action in respect of any or all of the foregoing, whether such claims, demands, causes and choses in action constitute
Energy Transition Property, accounts, general intangibles, instruments, contract rights, chattel paper or proceeds of such items or any other form of property, (i) all payments on or under and all proceeds in
respect of any or all of the foregoing, including all proceeds of the conversion, voluntary or involuntary, into cash or other liquid property of any or all of the foregoing, all cash proceeds, accounts, accounts receivable, general
intangibles, notes, drafts, acceptances, chattel paper, checks, deposit accounts, insurance proceeds, condemnation awards, payment intangibles, letter-of-credit rights, investment property, commercial tort claims, documents, rights to payment
of any and every kind, and other forms of obligations and receivables, instruments and other property which at any time constitute all or part of or are included in the proceeds of any of the foregoing, and (j) all payments on or
under, and all proceeds in respect of, any or all of the foregoing (the Trust Estate), it being understood that the following do not constitute the Trust Estate: (x) cash that has been released
pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, including Section 8.02(e)(x) of the Indenture and, following retirement of all Outstanding Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds, pursuant to Section 8.02(e)(xii) of the Indenture, (y)
amounts deposited with the Issuer on the Closing Date, for payment of costs of issuance with respect to the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds (together with any interest earnings thereon) or (z) proceeds from the sale of the Series 2025-A
Energy Transition Bonds required to pay the purchase price for the Energy Transition Property and paid pursuant to the Sale Agreement and upfront Financing Costs, it being understood that such amounts described in clause (x) and clause

(y) above shall not be subject to Section 3.17 of the Indenture. This Supplement covers the foregoing described portion of the Energy Transition Property described in the Financing Order.1

The foregoing Grant is made in trust to secure the Secured Obligations equally and ratably without prejudice, priority or distinction, except as expressly provided in the Indenture, to secure
compliance with the provisions of the Indenture with respect to the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds, all as provided in the Indenture and to secure the performance by the Issuer of all of its obligations under the Indenture. The
Indenture and this Supplement constitute a security agreement within the meaning of the Securitization Act and under the UCC to the extent that the provisions of the UCC are applicable hereto. The Issuer authorizes the Indenture Trustee (but
the Indenture Trustee is not required) to file financing statements covering the Trust Estate, either as described above or by using more general terms as permitted by Section 9-504 of the Louisiana UCC; provided, however, that
such authorization shall not be deemed an obligation.

The Indenture Trustee, as indenture trustee on behalf of the Holders, acknowledges such Grant and accepts the trusts under this Supplement and the Indenture in accordance with the provisions of
this Supplement and the Indenture.

1 La. R.S. 45:1274(D).

SECTION 1. Designation. The Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds shall be designated generally as the 2025-A Senior Secured Energy Transition Bonds, and further denominated as tranches A-1 through
A-2.

SECTION 2. Initial Principal Amount; Bond Interest Rate; Scheduled Final Payment Date; Final Maturity Date; Required Capital Amount. The Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds of each tranche shall
have the initial principal amount, bear interest at the rates per annum (the Bond Interest Rate) and shall have the Scheduled Final Payment Dates and the Final Maturity Dates set forth below:

Weighted 

Average 

Life 

Initial

Principal

Amount 

Bond

Interest

Rate 

Scheduled

Final Payment

Date 

Final

Maturity

Date

{__} 

${__________} 

{____}% 

{_____}, 20{__} 

{_____}, 20{__}

{__} 

${__________} 

{____}% 

{_____}, 20{__} 

{_____}, 20{__}

The Bond Interest Rate shall be computed by the Issuer on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.

The Required Capital Amount for the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds shall be equal to 0.75% of the initial principal amount thereof.

SECTION 3. Authentication Date; Payment Dates; Expected Sinking Fund Schedule for Principal; Expected Amortization Schedule; Periodic Interest; Book-Entry Energy
Transition Bonds.

(a) Authentication Date. The Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds that are authenticated and delivered by the Indenture Trustee to or upon the order of the Issuer on {________} (the Closing
Date) shall have as their date of authentication {________}.

(b) Payment Dates. The Payment Dates for the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds are June 1 and December 1 of each year or, if any such date is not a Business Day, the next Business Day,
commencing on December 1, 2025 and continuing until the earlier of repayment of the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds in full and the Final Maturity Date of the Series 2025-A, Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bonds.

(c) Expected Sinking Fund Schedule for Principal; Expected Amortization Schedule. Unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and a declaration of acceleration of maturity has
occurred and not been withdrawn, on each Payment Date, the Indenture Trustee shall distribute to the Holders of record as of the related Record Date amounts payable pursuant to Section 8.02(e) of the Indenture as principal, in the
following order and priority: {(1) to the holders of the Series 2025-A, Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bonds, until the Outstanding Amount of the Series 2025-A, Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bonds thereof has been reduced to zero; and (2) to the
holders of the Series 2025-A, Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bonds, until the Outstanding Amount of the Series 2025-A, Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bonds thereof has been reduced to zero; provided, however, that in no event
shall a principal payment pursuant to this Section 3(c) on any tranche on a Payment Date be greater than the amount necessary to reduce the Outstanding Amount of such tranche of Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds to the amount
specified in the Expected Amortization Schedule that is attached as Schedule A hereto for such tranche and Payment Date.

(d) Periodic Interest. Periodic Interest will be payable on each tranche of the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds on each Payment Date in an amount equal to one-half of the product of
(i) the applicable Bond Interest Rate and (ii) the Outstanding Amount of the related tranche of Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds as of the close of business on the preceding Payment Date after giving effect to all payments of principal
made to the Holders of the related tranche of Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds on such preceding Payment Date; provided, however, that, with respect to the initial Payment Date, or if no payment has yet been made, interest
on the outstanding principal balance will accrue from and including the Closing Date to, but excluding, the following Payment Date.

(e) Book-Entry Energy Transition Bonds. The Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds shall be Book-Entry Energy Transition Bonds, and the applicable
provisions of Section 2.11 of the Indenture shall apply to the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds.

SECTION 4. Authorized Denominations. The Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds shall be issuable in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof, except for one bond,
which may be a smaller denomination (the Authorized Denominations).

SECTION 5. Delivery and Payment for the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds; Form of the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds. The Indenture Trustee shall deliver the Series 2025-A Energy
Transition Bonds to the Issuer when authenticated in accordance with Section 2.03 of the Indenture. The Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds of each tranche shall be in the form of Exhibits A and B hereto.

SECTION 6. Ratification of Indenture. As supplemented by this Supplement, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and the Indenture, as so supplemented by this Supplement, shall be
read, taken and construed as one and the same instrument. This Supplement amends, modifies and supplements the Indenture only insofar as it relates to the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds.

SECTION 7. Counterparts. This Supplement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all of such counterparts shall together
constitute but one and the same instrument.

SECTION 8. Governing Law. This Supplement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Louisiana, without reference to its
conflict of law provisions, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws.

SECTION 9. Issuer Obligation. No recourse may be taken directly or indirectly by the Holders with respect to the obligations of the Issuer on the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds, under the
Indenture or this Supplement or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection herewith or therewith, against (a) any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer (including Cleco Power) or (b) any shareholder, partner, owner,
beneficiary, officer, director, employee or agent of the Indenture Trustee, the Managers or any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer (including Cleco Power) in its individual capacity, or of any successor or assign of any of them in
their respective individual or corporate capacities, except as any such Person may have expressly agreed. Each Holder by accepting a Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bond specifically confirms the nonrecourse nature of these obligations and
waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds.

SECTION 10. Indenture Trustee Disclaimer. The Indenture Trustee is not responsible for the validity or sufficiency of this Supplement or for the recitals contained herein.

SECTION 11. Submission to Non-Exclusive Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. Each of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee and each Holder (by its acceptance of the
Energy Transition Bonds) hereby irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of (A) any Louisiana State court and any New York State court sitting in The Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York or (B) any U.S. federal court
sitting in Louisiana and any U.S. federal court sitting in The Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in respect of any suit, action or Proceeding arising out of or relating to this Supplement and the Series 2025-A Energy Transition
Bonds and irrevocably accepts for itself and in respect of its respective property, generally and unconditionally, jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts. Each of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and each Holder (by its acceptance of the
Energy Transition Bonds) irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so under applicable law, trial by jury.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee have caused this Supplement to be duly executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first
above written.

CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC,

as Issuer

By: 

Name:

Title:

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

SCHEDULE A

TO SERIES SUPPLEMENT

EXPECTED SINKING FUND SCHEDULE

EXPECTED AMORTIZATION SCHEDULE

Date 

Tranche A-1 

Tranche A-2

Closing Date 

${__________} 

${__________}

{__________}, 202_ 

${__________} 

${__________}

{__________}, 202_ 

${__________} 

${__________}

{__________}, 202_ 

${__________} 

${__________}

EXHIBIT A

TO SERIES SUPPLEMENT

FORM OF TRANCHE A-1 OF SERIES 2025-A SENIOR SECURED ENERGY TRANSITION BONDS

{__________}

EXHIBIT B

TO SERIES SUPPLEMENT

FORM OF TRANCHE A-2 OF SERIES 2025-A SENIOR SECURED ENERGY TRANSITION BONDS

{__________}

EXHIBIT C

SERVICING CRITERIA TO BE ADDRESSED

BY INDENTURE TRUSTEE IN ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE

Regulation AB Reference 

Servicing Criteria 

Applicable Indenture

Trustee Responsibility

General Servicing Considerations 

1122(d)(1)(i) 

Policies and procedures are instituted to monitor any performance or other triggers and events of default in accordance with the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(1)(ii) 

If any material servicing activities are outsourced to third parties, policies and procedures are instituted to monitor the third partys performance and compliance with such servicing activities. 

1122(d)(1)(iii) 

Any requirements in the transaction agreements to maintain a back-up servicer for the pool assets are maintained. 

1122(d)(1)(iv) 

A fidelity bond and errors and omissions policy is in effect on the party participating in the servicing function throughout the reporting period in the amount of coverage required by and otherwise in
accordance with the terms of the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(1)(v) 

Aggregation of information, as applicable, is mathematically accurate and the information conveyed accurately reflects the information. 

Cash Collection and Administration 

1122(d)(2)(i) 

Payments on pool assets are deposited into the appropriate custodial bank accounts and related bank clearing accounts no more than two business days of receipt, or such other number of days specified in
the transaction agreements. 

X

1122(d)(2)(ii) 

Disbursements made via wire transfer on behalf of an obligor or to an investor are made only by authorized personnel. 

X

1122(d)(2)(iii) 

Advances of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or distributions, and any interest or other fees charged for such advances, are made, reviewed and approved as specified in the
transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(2)(iv) 

The related accounts for the transaction, such as cash reserve accounts or accounts established as a form of overcollateralization, are separately maintained (e.g., with respect to commingling of cash) as
set forth in the transaction agreements. 

X

1122(d)(2)(v) 

Each custodial account is maintained at a federally insured depository institution as set forth in the transaction agreements. For purposes of this criterion, federally insured depository institution
with respect to a foreign financial institution means a foreign financial institution that meets the requirements of Rule 13k-1(b)(1) under the Exchange Act. 

X

1122(d)(2)(vi) 

Unissued checks are safeguarded so as to prevent unauthorized access. 

1122(d)(2)(vii) 

Reconciliations are prepared on a monthly basis for all asset-backed securities related bank accounts, including custodial accounts and related bank clearing accounts. These reconciliations are: (A)
mathematically accurate; (B) prepared within 30 calendar days after the bank statement cutoff date, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements; (C) reviewed and approved by someone other than the person who
prepared the reconciliation; and (D) contain explanations for reconciling items. These reconciling items are resolved within 90 calendar days of their original identification, or such other number of days specified in the transaction
agreements. 

Investor Remittances and Reporting 

1122(d)(3)(i) 

Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the SEC, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable SEC requirements. Specifically, such reports: (A) are prepared
in accordance with timeframes and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements; (B) provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction agreements; (C) are filed with the SEC as required by
its rules and regulations; and (D) agree with investors or the trustees records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number of pool assets serviced by the servicer. 

1122(d)(3)(ii) 

Amounts due to investors are allocated and remitted in accordance with timeframes, distribution priority and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements. 

X

1122(d)(3)(iii) 

Disbursements made to an investor are posted within two business days to the servicers investor records, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

X

Regulation AB Reference 

Servicing Criteria 

Applicable Indenture 

Trustee Responsibility

1122(d)(3)(iv) 

Amounts remitted to investors per the investor reports agree with cancelled checks, or other form of payment, or custodial bank statements. 

X

Pool Asset Administration 

1122(d)(4)(i) 

Collateral or security on pool assets is maintained as required by the transaction agreements or related pool asset documents. 

1122(d)(4)(ii) 

Pool assets and related documents are safeguarded as required by the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(4)(iii) 

Any additions, removals or substitutions to the asset pool are made, reviewed and approved in accordance with any conditions or requirements in the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(4)(iv) 

Payments on pool assets, including any payoffs, made in accordance with the related pool asset documents are posted to the servicers obligor records maintained no more than two business days after
receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements, and allocated to principal, interest or other items (e.g., escrow) in accordance with the related pool asset documents. 

1122(d)(4)(v) 

The servicers records regarding the pool assets agree with the servicers records with respect to an obligors unpaid principal balance. 

1122(d)(4)(vi) 

Changes with respect to the terms or status of an obligors pool assets (e.g., loan modifications or re-agings) are made, reviewed and approved by authorized personnel in accordance with the transaction
agreements and related pool asset documents. 

1122(d)(4)(vii) 

Loss mitigation or recovery actions (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications and deeds in lieu of foreclosure, foreclosures and repossessions, as applicable) are initiated, conducted and concluded in
accordance with the timeframes or other requirements established by the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(4)(viii) 

Records documenting collection efforts are maintained during the period a pool asset is delinquent in accordance with the transaction agreements. Such records are maintained on at least a monthly basis,
or such other period specified in the transaction agreements, and describe the entitys activities in monitoring delinquent pool assets, including, for example, phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling plans in cases where
delinquency is deemed temporary (e.g., illness or unemployment). 

1122(d)(4)(ix) 

Adjustments to interest rates or rates of return for pool assets with variable rates are computed based on the related pool asset documents. 

1122(d)(4)(x) 

Regarding any funds held in trust for an obligor (such as escrow accounts): (A) such funds are analyzed, in accordance with the obligors pool asset documents, on at least an annual basis, or such other
period specified in the transaction agreements; (B) interest on such funds is paid, or credited, to obligors in accordance with applicable pool asset documents and state laws; and (C) such funds are returned to the obligor within 30
calendar days of full repayment of the related pool assets, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(4)(xi) 

Payments made on behalf of an obligor (such as tax or insurance payments) are made on or before the related penalty or expiration dates, as indicated on the appropriate bills or notices for such payments,
provided that such support has been received by the servicer at least 30 calendar days prior to these dates, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(4)(xii) 

Any late payment penalties in connection with any payment to be made on behalf of an obligor are paid from the servicers funds and not charged to the obligor, unless the late payment was due to the
obligors error or omission. 

1122(d)(4)(xiii) 

Disbursements made on behalf of an obligor are posted within two business days to the obligors records maintained by the servicer, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(4)(xiv) 

Delinquencies, charge-offs and uncollectible accounts are recognized and recorded in accordance with the transaction agreements. 

1122(d)(4)(xv) 

Any external enhancement or other support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1) through (3) or Item 1115 of Regulation AB, is maintained as set forth in the transaction agreements. 

APPENDIX A

DEFINITIONS

This is Appendix A to the Indenture.

A. Defined Terms. As used in the Indenture, the following terms have the following meanings:

17g-5 Website means the password-protected website on which the Servicer shall post any notice, report, request for satisfaction of the Rating Agency
Condition, document or other information provided by the Indenture Trustee to any Rating Agency under the Indenture or any other Basic Document to which it is a party for the purpose of determining or confirming the credit rating of the
Energy Transition Bonds or undertaking credit rating surveillance.

Act means an instrument or instruments embodying and evidencing a request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided
by the Indenture to be given or taken by Holders.

Administration Agreement means the Administration Agreement, dated as of the date of the Indenture, by and between Cleco Power, as Administrator, and the
Issuer, as the same may be amended and supplemented from time to time.

Administration Fee is defined in Section 2 of the Administration Agreement.

Administrator means Cleco Power under the Administration Agreement and
each successor to or assignee of Cleco Power in the same capacity.

Affiliate means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person controlling or controlled by or under common control with such specified Person. For
the purposes of this definition, control when used with respect to any specified Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such specified Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting
securities, by contract or otherwise, and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

Applicable FATCA Law means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any regulations, or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof.

Authorized Denominations means denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof, which the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds
shall be issuable in, except for one bond, which may be a smaller denomination.

Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code (11 U.S.C. 101 et seq.).

Basic Documents means the Indenture, the Series Supplement, the Issuers Articles of Organization and Initial Report, the LLC Agreement, the Administration
Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Sale Agreement, the Bill of Sale, the Servicing Agreement, each Letter of Representations and the Underwriting Agreement.

Bill of Sale has the meaning assigned to that term in the Sale Agreement.

Bond Interest Rate means the rates per annum at which the Energy Transition Bonds will bear interest, as set forth in the Series Supplement.

Appendix A-1

Book-Entry Energy Transition Bonds means any Energy Transition Bonds issued in Book-Entry Form; provided, however, that, after the occurrence
of a condition whereupon book-entry registration and transfer are no longer permitted and Definitive Energy Transition Bonds are to be issued to the Holder of such Energy Transition Bonds, such Energy Transition Bonds shall no longer be
Book-Entry Energy Transition Bonds.

Book-Entry Form means, with respect to any Energy Transition Bond, that such Energy Transition Bond is not certificated and the ownership and transfers thereof
shall be made through book entries by a Clearing Agency as described in Section 2.11 of the Indenture and the Series Supplement.

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in New York, New York or New Orleans, Louisiana, are, or The
Depository Trust Company is, required or authorized by law or executive order to remain closed.

Capital Subaccount means the capital subaccount established by the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 8.02(a) of the Indenture.

Claim means a claim as defined in Section 101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code.

Clearing Agency means an organization registered as a clearing agency pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act.

Clearing Agency Participant means a broker, dealer, bank, other financial institution or other Person for whom from time to time a Clearing Agency effects
book-entry transfers and pledges of securities deposited with the Clearing Agency.

Cleco Power means Cleco Power LLC.

Closing Date means the date on which the Energy Transition Bonds are originally issued in accordance with Section 2.10 of the Indenture and the Series
Supplement.

Code means the Internal Revenue Code.

Collection Account means the collection account established by the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 8.02(a) of the Indenture.

Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee means the office of the Indenture Trustee at which at any
particular time its corporate trust business shall be administered, which, in the case of The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, shall be 2 North LaSalle Street, Suite 700,
Chicago Illinois 60602.

Covenant Defeasance Option has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01(b) of the Indenture.

Customers means any existing or future retail electric customer receiving
any type of service from Cleco Power (or its successors) under rate schedules or special contracts authorized or approved by the Louisiana Commission.

Default means any occurrence that is, or with notice or the lapse of time or both would become, an Event of Default.

Definitive Energy Transition Bonds has the meaning set forth in Section 2.13 of the Indenture.

Appendix A-2

DHPS Carrying Charge means the carrying charge that Cleco Power shall recover for carrying costs on the regulatory assets comprising energy transition costs
pursuant to the Financing Order.

Eligible Account means a segregated non-interest-bearing trust account with an Eligible Institution.

Eligible Institution means:

(a) the corporate trust department of the Indenture Trustee or an affiliate thereof, so long as the Indenture Trustee or such Affiliate have (i) either a short-term
deposit or issuer rating from Moodys of at least P-1 or a long-term unsecured debt or issuer rating from Moodys of at least A2, and (ii) a short-term deposit or issuer rating from S&P of at least A-1, or a long-term unsecured debt
or issuer rating from S&P of at least A; or

(b) a depository institution organized under the laws of the United States of America or any State (or any domestic branch of a foreign bank) (i) that has either (A) a
long-term unsecured debt or issuer rating of AA- or higher by S&P and A2 or higher by Moodys, or (B) a short-term deposit, short-term (bank deposit) or issuer rating of A-1 or higher by S&P and P-1 or higher by Moodys, and
(ii) whose deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; 

provided, however, that if an Eligible Institution then being utilized for any purposes under the Indenture or
the Series Supplement no longer meets the definition of Eligible Institution, then the Issuer shall replace such Eligible Institution within sixty (60) days of such Eligible Institution no longer meeting the definition of Eligible
Institution.

Eligible Investments means Funds in the Collection Account may be invested at the direction of the Servicer only in such investments as meet the criteria
described below and which mature on or before the business day immediately preceding the next Payment Date:

(1) direct obligations of, or obligations fully and unconditionally guaranteed as to timely payment by, the United States of America;

(2) demand or time deposits of, unsecured certificates of deposit of, money market deposit accounts of or bankers acceptances issued by, any depository institution (including the Indenture
Trustee or any of its Affiliates, acting in its commercial capacity) incorporated or organized under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof and subject to supervision and examination by U.S. federal or State banking
authorities, so long as the commercial paper or other short-term debt obligations of such depository institution are, at the time of deposit or contractual commitment, rated at least A-1 and P-1 or their equivalents by each of S&P and
Moodys, or such lower rating as will not result in the downgrading or withdrawal of the ratings of the Energy Transition Bonds;

Appendix A-3

(3) commercial paper (including commercial paper of the Indenture Trustee, acting in its commercial capacity, and other commercial paper of Cleco Power or any of its Affiliates), which, at
the time of purchase is rated at least A-1 or P-1 or their equivalents by each of S&P and Moodys or such lower rating as will not result in the downgrading or withdrawal of the ratings of the Energy Transition Bonds;

(4) investments in money market funds which have a rating in the highest investment category granted thereby (including funds for which the Indenture Trustee or any of its Affiliates is
investment manager or advisor) from Moodys and S&P;

(5) repurchase obligations with respect to any security that is a direct obligation of, or fully guaranteed by, the United States of America or its agencies or instrumentalities, entered
into with Eligible Institutions;

(6) repurchase obligations with respect to any security or whole loan entered into with an Eligible Institution or with a registered broker/dealer acting as principal and that meets the
ratings criteria set forth below:

(a) a broker/dealer (acting as principal) registered as a broker or dealer under Section 15 of the Exchange Act (any such broker/dealer being referred to in this definition as a
broker/dealer), the unsecured short-term debt obligations of which are rated at least P-1 by Moodys and A-1+ by S&P at the time of entering into such repurchase obligation; or

(b) an unrated broker/dealer, acting as principal, that is a wholly-owned subsidiary of a non-bank or bank holding company the unsecured short-term debt obligations of which are rated at
least P-1 by Moodys and A-1+ by S&P at the time of purchase so long as the obligations of such unrated broker/dealer are unconditionally guaranteed by such non-bank or bank holding company; or

(7) any other investment permitted by each Rating Agency;

Notwithstanding the foregoing: (a) no securities or investments which mature in 30 days or more will be Eligible Investments unless the Issuer thereof has either a short-term unsecured debt
rating of at least P-1 from Moodys or a long-term unsecured debt rating of at least A1 from Moodys; (b) no securities or investments described in clauses (2) through (4) above which have maturities of more than 30 days but less than or
equal to 3 months will be Eligible Investments unless the Issuer thereof has a long-term unsecured debt rating of at least A1 from Moodys and a short-term unsecured debt rating of at least P-1 from Moodys; (c) no securities or investments
described in clauses (2) through (4) above which have maturities of more than 3 months will be Eligible Investments unless the Issuer thereof has a long-term unsecured debt rating of at least A1 from Moodys and a short-term unsecured debt
rating of at least P-1 from Moodys; (d) no securities or investments described in clauses (2) through (4) above which have a maturity of 60 days or less will be Eligible Investments unless such securities have a rating from S&P of at
least A-1; and (e) no securities or investments described in clauses (2) through (4) above which have a maturity of 365 days or less will be Eligible Investments unless such securities have a rating from S&P of at least AA-, A-1+ or
AAAm.

Appendix A-4

Energy Transition Bond Register means the register provided by the Issuer pursuant to Section 2.05 of the Indenture.

Energy Transition Bond Registrar means the Indenture Trustee for the purpose of registering the Energy Transition Bond and transfers of Energy Transition Bonds
pursuant to Section 2.05 of the Indenture.

Energy Transition Bonds means any of the Senior Secured Energy Transition Bonds issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture and the Series Supplement.

Energy Transition Charges means the nonbypassable amounts to be charged
for the use or availability of electric services, approved by the Louisiana Commission in the Financing Order to pay principal of the Energy Transition Bonds and to recover financing costs (as defined in the Securitization Act), that
shall be collected by Cleco Power, its successors, assignees or other collection agents as provided for in the Financing Order.

Energy Transition Charge Collections meansEnergy Transition Charges actually received by the Servicer to be remitted to the Collection Account.

Energy Transition Property means all of Sellers rights and interest
under the Financing Order (including, without limitation, rights to impose, bill, charge, collect and receive the energy transition charges (as defined in the Securitization Act) approved in such Financing Order) issued by the Louisiana
Commission on November 27, 2024 (Docket No. U-37213) pursuant to the Securitization Act, together with any and all of the other property described in the Bill of Sale, except the rights of Seller (i) to recover additional prudently incurred
Dolet Hills energy transition costs by use of the energy transition reserve (or, as to additional energy transition costs beyond the project costs included in the principal amount financed, by recovery through a regulatory asset to be
established after the restricted energy transition reserve is depleted, consistent with the Revenue Requirement Order), (ii) to earn and recover the authorized rate of return on Sellers capital investment in the Issuer, (iii) to receive
the annual administration fee and annual servicing fee and expenses under the contracts approved pursuant to the Financing Order, and (iv) to recover the DHPS Carrying Charge referenced in Findings of Fact Paragraph 22 and Ordering
Paragraph 66 of the Financing Order.

Event of Default has the meaning set forth in Section 5.01 of the Indenture.

Excess Funds Subaccount means the excess funds subaccount established by the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 8.02(a) of the Indenture.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Expected Amortization Schedule means the expected amortization schedule in Schedule A to the Series Supplement.

Expected Sinking Fund Schedule means the expected sinking fund schedule in Schedule A to the Series Supplement.

Final Maturity Date means, with respect to each tranche of Energy Transition Bonds, the final maturity date of such tranche of the Energy Transition Bonds as
specified in the Series Supplement.

Appendix A-5

Financing Order means the Financing Order U-37213 issued on November 27, 2024 (Docket No. U-37213) by the Louisiana Commission pursuant to the Securitization
Act.

General Subaccount means the general subaccount established by the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 8.02(a) of the Indenture.

Global Energy Transition Bonds means one or more bonds evidencing the Energy Transition Bonds, which (a) shall be an aggregate original principal amount equal
to the aggregate original principal amount of the Energy Transition Bonds to be issued pursuant to the Issuer Order, (b) shall be registered in the name of the Clearing Agency therefor or its nominee, (c) shall be delivered by the Indenture
Trustee pursuant to such Clearing Agencys or such nominees instructions and (d) shall bear a legend substantially to the effect set forth in Exhibit A to the Form of Series Supplement.

Grant meansmortgage, pledge, bargain,
sell, warrant, alienate, remise, release, convey, grant, transfer, create, grant a lien upon, a security interest in and right of set-off against, deposit, set over and confirm pursuant to the Indenture and the Series Supplement. A Grant
of the Trust Estate shall include all rights, powers and options (but none of the obligations) of the granting party thereunder, including the immediate and continuing right to claim for, collect, receive and give receipt for payments in
respect of the Trust Estate and all other moneys payable thereunder, to give and receive notices and other communications, to make waivers or other agreements, to exercise all rights and options, to bring Proceedings in the name of the
granting party or otherwise and generally to do and receive anything that the granting party is or may be entitled to do or receive thereunder or with respect thereto.

Holders means the holders of the Energy Transition Bonds.

Indenture Trustee means The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association, as indenture trustee for the benefit
of the Holders, or any other indenture trustee for the benefit of the Holders, under the Indenture.

Indenture Trustee Cap has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(e)(i) of the Indenture.

Independent means, when used with respect to any specified Person, that
the Person:

(a) is in fact independent of the Issuer, any other obligor upon the Energy Transition Bonds, the Servicer and any Affiliate of any of the
foregoing Persons,

(b) does not have any direct financial interest or any material indirect financial interest in the Issuer, any such other obligor, the Servicer or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing
Persons and

(c) is not connected with the Issuer, any such other obligor, the Servicer or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing Persons as an officer, employee, promoter, underwriter, trustee, partner,
director or person performing similar functions.

Independent Certificate means a certificate to be delivered to the Indenture Trustee under the circumstances described in, and otherwise complying with, the
applicable requirements of Section 10.01 of the Indenture, made by an Independent appraiser or other expert appointed by an Issuer Order and consented to by the Indenture Trustee, and such certificate shall state that the signer has
read the definition of Independent in the Indenture and that the signer is Independent within the meaning thereof.

Appendix A-6

Independent Manager Fee is defined in Section 7.03(a) of the LLC Agreement and shall initially be $5,000 per annum.

Independent Manager is defined in Appendix A of the LLC Agreement.

Intercreditor Agreement means the Intercreditor Agreement dated as of the date hereof, among the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer, the Seller, Cleco Securitization I LLC and the other
parties thereto, each in the capacities stated therein, as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time.

Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

Investment Earnings meansinvestment
earnings on funds deposited in the Collection Account net of losses and investment expenses.

Issuer means Cleco Securitization II LLC, a Louisiana limited liability
company, or any successor thereto pursuant to the Indenture.

Issuer Order means a written order signed in the name of the Issuer by any one of its Responsible Officers and delivered to the Indenture Trustee or the Paying
Agent, as applicable.

Issuer Request means a written request signed in the name of the Issuer by any one of its Responsible Officers and delivered to the Indenture Trustee or the
Paying Agent, as applicable.

Legal Defeasance Option has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01(b) of the Indenture.

Letter of Representations means any agreement between the Issuer and an organization registered as a clearing agency pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange
Act, pertaining to the Energy Transition Bonds, as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time.

Lien means a security interest, lien, charge, pledge, equity or encumbrance of any kind.

LLC Agreement means the Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of Cleco Securitization II LLC, dated and effective as of November 21, 2024.

Louisiana Commission means the Louisiana Public Service Commission or any successor entity thereto.

Louisiana Commission Condition has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03 of the Indenture.

Louisiana Commission Pledge means the pledge of the Louisiana Commission
found in Part VI(G) of the Financing Order.

Louisiana UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of Louisiana.

Appendix A-7

Louisiana UCC Filing Officer means the clerk of the court of any parish
in Louisiana.

Manager meanseach manager of the
Issuer under the LLC Agreement.

Member has the meaning specified in the first paragraph of the LLC Agreement.

Monthly Servicers Certificate is defined in Section 3.01(b)(i) of the Servicing Agreement.

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. or any successor in interest. References to Moodys are effective so long as Moodys is a rating agency.

NRSRO means a nationally recognized statistical rating organization.

Officers Certificate means a
certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Issuer under the circumstances described in, and otherwise complying with, the applicable requirements of Section 10.01 of the Indenture, and delivered to the Indenture Trustee.

Ongoing Financing Costs meansthe
ongoing financing costs described as such in the Financing Order, including Operating Expenses, any necessary replenishment of the Capital Subaccount, any deficiency between the Capital Subaccounts income from investment and the
amount of return on investment earned by the Seller, and any other costs identified in the Basic Documents; provided, however, that Ongoing Financing Costs do not include the Issuers
costs of issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds.

Operating Expenses means, with respect to the Issuer, all fees, costs and
expenses owed by the Issuer with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds, including all amounts owed by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee (including any indemnity payments to the Indenture
Trustee), the Servicing Fee, the Administration Fee, the costs and expenses incurred by the Seller in connection with the performance of the Sellers obligations under Section 4.08 of the Sale Agreement, the costs and expenses incurred by
the Servicer in connection with the performance of the Servicers obligations under Section 5.02(d) of the Servicing Agreement, the fees payable by the Issuer to the independent manager of the Issuer, administrative expenses, including
external legal and external accounting fees, Reimbursable Expenses (as defined in the Servicing Agreement), ratings maintenance fees, and all other costs and expenses recoverable by the Issuer under the terms of the Financing Order.

Opinion of Counsel means one or more written opinions of counsel who may
be an employee of or counsel to the party providing such opinion of counsel, which counsel shall be reasonably acceptable to the party or parties receiving such opinion of counsel, and which opinion shall be in form reasonably satisfactory
to such party or parties. As to any factual matter involved in an opinion of counsel, such counsel may rely, to the extent they deem such reliance proper, upon a certificate or certificates setting forth such matters which have been signed
by an official, officer, general partner or authorized representative of a particular government authority, corporation, company or other Person.

Outstanding with respect to Energy
Transition Bonds means, as of the date of determination, all Energy Transition Bonds theretofore authenticated and delivered under the Indenture except:

Appendix A-8

(a) Energy Transition Bonds theretofore canceled by the Energy Transition Bond Registrar or delivered to the Energy Transition Bond Registrar for cancellation;

(b) Energy Transition Bonds or portions thereof the payment for which money in the necessary amount has been theretofore deposited with the Indenture Trustee or any
Paying Agent in trust for the Holders of such Energy Transition Bonds; provided, however, that if such Energy Transition Bonds are to be redeemed, notice of such redemption has been duly given pursuant to the Indenture or
provision therefor, satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee; and

(c) Energy Transition Bonds in exchange for or in lieu of other Energy Transition Bonds which have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to the Indenture unless proof
satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee is presented that any such Energy Transition Bonds are held by a bona fide purchaser;

provided that in determining whether the Holders of the requisite Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver hereunder or under any Basic Document, Energy Transition
Bonds owned by the Issuer, any other obligor upon the Energy Transition Bonds, Cleco Power or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing Persons shall be disregarded and deemed not to be
Outstanding, except that, in determining whether the Indenture Trustee shall be fully protected in relying upon any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver, only Energy
Transition Bonds that a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee knows to be so owned shall be so disregarded. Energy Transition Bonds so owned that have been pledged in good faith
may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Indenture Trustee the pledgees right so to act with respect to such Energy Transition Bonds and that the
pledgee is not the Issuer, any other obligor upon the Energy Transition Bonds, the Servicer or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing Persons.

Outstanding Amount means the aggregate principal amount of all Outstanding Energy Transition Bonds, or, if the context requires, all Outstanding Energy
Transition Bonds of a tranche, Outstanding at the date of determination.

Outstanding Energy Transition Bonds means the Energy Transition Bonds Outstanding at the date of determination.

Paying Agent means the entity so designated in Section 3.03 of
the Indenture or any other Person that meets the eligibility standards for the Indenture Trustee specified in Section 6.11 of the Indenture and is authorized by the Issuer to make the payments of principal of or premium, if any, or
interest on the Energy Transition Bonds on behalf of the Issuer.

Payment Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3(b) of the Series Supplement.

Periodic Interest means the interest payable on the Energy Transition Bonds on each Payment Date in an amount equal to one-half of the product of (i) the
applicable Bond Interest Rate and (ii) the Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds as of the close of business on the preceding Payment Date after giving effect to all payments of principal made to the Holders of the Energy
Transition Bonds on such preceding Payment Date; provided, however, that, with respect to the initial Payment Date, or if no payment has yet been made, interest on the outstanding principal balance will accrue from and
including the Closing Date to, but excluding, the following Payment Date.

Appendix A-9

Person means any individual, corporation, estate, partnership, joint
venture, association, joint stock company, trust (including any beneficiary thereof), business trust, limited liability company, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

Predecessor Energy Transition Bonds means, with respect to any particular Energy Transition Bond, every previous Energy Transition Bond evidencing all or a
portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such particular Energy Transition Bond, and, for the purpose of this definition, any Energy Transition Bond authenticated and delivered under Section 2.06 of the Indenture in lieu of a
mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Energy Transition Bond shall be deemed to evidence the same debt as the mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Energy Transition Bond.

Proceeding means any suit in equity, action at law or other judicial or
administrative proceeding.

Protected Purchaser means has the meaning specified in Section 8-303 of
the Louisiana UCC.

Rating Agency means any rating agency rating the Energy Transition Bonds, at the time of issuance at the request of the Issuer, which initially shall be Moodys and S&P. If no such organization or successor is any longer in existence, Rating Agency shall be
a nationally recognized statistical rating organization or other comparable Person designated by the Issuer, written notice of which designation shall be given to the Indenture Trustee and the Servicer.

Rating Agency Condition means, with
respect to any action, at least ten (10) Business Days prior written notification to each Rating Agency of such action, and written confirmation from each of S&P and Moodys to the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer that such action will not result in a suspension, reduction or withdrawal of the then current rating by such Rating Agency of
any tranche of the Energy Transition Bonds and that prior to the taking of the proposed action no other Rating Agency shall have provided written notice to the Issuer that such action has resulted or would result in the suspension,
reduction or withdrawal of the then current rating of any such tranche of the Energy Transition Bonds; provided, that, if within such ten (10) Business Day period, any Rating Agency (other than S&P) has neither replied to such
notification nor responded in a manner that indicates that such Rating Agency is reviewing and considering the notification, then (i) the Issuer shall be required to confirm that such Rating Agency has received the Rating Agency Condition
request, and if it has, promptly request the related Rating Agency Condition confirmation and (ii) if the Rating Agency neither replies to such notification nor responds in a manner that indicates it is reviewing and considering the
notification within five (5) Business Days following such second (2nd) request, the applicable
Rating Agency Condition requirement shall not be deemed to apply to such Rating Agency. For the purposes of this definition, any confirmation, request, acknowledgment or approval that is required to be in writing may be in the form of
electronic mail or a press release (which may contain a general waiver of a Rating Agencys right to review or consent).

Record Date means one Business Day prior to the applicable Payment Date.

Registered Holder means the Person in whose name an Energy Transition Bond is registered on the Energy Transition Bond Register.

Appendix A-10

Required Capital Amount meansthe
amount specified as such in the Series Supplement therefor.

Responsible Officer means, with respect to the Indenture Trustee, any
officer within the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee, including any Vice President, Director, Managing Officer, associate, Assistant Vice President, Secretary, Assistant Secretary, or any other officer of the Indenture Trustee
having direct responsibility for the administration of the Indenture and also, with respect to a particular matter, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of such officers knowledge of and familiarity with the particular
subject, and with respect to the Issuer, any officer, including President, Vice President, Secretary, Assistant Secretary, Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer, of the Issuer, or any Manager.

Return on Invested Capital means, for any Payment Date with respect to any Remittance Period, the sum of (i) the rate of return, payable to Cleco Power, on its
capital contribution in the Issuer which amount has been deposited by the Issuer into the Capital Subaccount, equal to the rate of interest payable on the longest maturing tranche of Energy Transition Bonds on the basis of a 360-day year of
twelve (12) 30-day months plus (ii) any Return on Invested Capital not paid on any prior Payment Date.

Revenue Requirement Order means Order No. U-35753-A issued by the Louisiana Commission in Docket No. U-35753 on May 16, 2024.

S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc.
or any successor in interest. References to S&P are effective so long as S&P is a rating agency.

Sale Agreement means the Energy Transition Property Sale Agreement dated as of the date hereof, relating to the Energy Transition Property, between the Seller
and the Issuer, as the same may be amended and supplemented from time to time.

Sanctions has the meaning set forth in Section 3.21(a) of the Indenture.

Scheduled Final Payment Date means, with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds, the date with respect to each tranche when all interest and principal is
scheduled to be paid in accordance with the Expected Sinking Fund Schedule, as specified in the Series Supplement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Scheduled Final Payment Date shall be the last Scheduled Payment Date set forth in the Expected
Sinking Fund Schedule. The last Scheduled Final Payment Date means the Scheduled Final Payment Date of the latest maturing tranche of Energy Transition Bonds.

Scheduled Payment Dates means, with respect to each tranche of Energy Transition Bonds, each Payment Date on which principal for such tranche is to be paid in
accordance with the Expected Sinking Fund Schedule for such tranche.

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities Intermediary means The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association, solely in the capacity of a
securities intermediary as defined in the NY UCC and Federal Book-Entry Regulations or any successor securities intermediary under the Indenture.

Securitization Act means the Louisiana Electric Utility Energy
Transition Securitization Act, as amended, codified at La. R.S. 45:1271-1281.

Appendix A-11

Seller means Cleco Power, or its successor, in its capacity as seller of
the Energy Transition Property to the Issuer pursuant to the Sale Agreement.

Semi-Annual Servicers Certificate is defined in Section 4.01(g)(i) of the Servicing Agreement.

Series Supplement means an indenture supplemental to the Indenture in the form attached as Exhibit B to the Indenture that authorizes the issuance of
Energy Transition Bonds.

Servicer means Cleco Power.

Servicer Default is defined in Section 7.01 of the Servicing Agreement.

Servicing Agreement means the Energy Transition Property Servicing Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by
and between the Issuer and Cleco Power, and acknowledged and accepted by the Indenture Trustee, relating to the Energy Transition Property as the same may be
amended and supplemented from time to time.

Servicing Fee means the fee payable by the Issuer to the Servicer on
each Payment Date with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds, in an amount specified in Section 6.07 of the Servicing Agreement.

Special Payment Date means the date on which, with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds, any payment of principal of or interest (including any interest
accruing upon default) on, or any other amount in respect of, the Energy Transition Bonds that is not actually paid within five days of the Payment Date applicable thereto is to be made by the Indenture Trustee to the Holders.

Special Record Date means the date at least fifteen (15) Business Days prior to the Special Payment Date.

Subaccount means, individually, the General Subaccount, the Excess Funds Subaccount, and the Capital Subaccount.

Successor Servicer means (i) a successor to Cleco Power pursuant to
Section 6.03 of the Servicing Agreement or (ii) a successor Servicer appointed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 7.04 of the Servicing Agreement which in each case will succeed to all the rights and duties of the Servicer under the
Servicing Agreement.

Temporary Energy Transition Bonds means Energy Transition Bonds executed and, upon the receipt of an Issuer Order, authenticated and delivered by the Indenture
Trustee pending the preparation of Definitive Energy Transition Bonds pursuant to Section 2.04 of the Indenture.

True-Up Adjustment means an adjustment to the Energy Transition Charges in accordance with Section 4.01(b), (c), (d) or (e) of the Servicing Agreement.

Trust Estate has the meaning set forth in the Series Supplement.

Trust Indenture Act meansthe Trust
Indenture Act of 1939 as in force on the Closing Date, unless otherwise specifically provided.

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the relevant jurisdiction.

Appendix A-12

Underwriting Agreement means the underwriting agreement entered into by the Issuer, Cleco Power and the underwriters parties thereto in connection with the
issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds in accordance with the Financing Order.

B. Other Terms. All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles. To the extent that the definitions of accounting terms in the Indenture are inconsistent with the meanings of such terms under generally accepted accounting principles or regulatory accounting principles, the definitions contained
in the Indenture shall control. As used in the Indenture, the term including means including without limitation, and other forms of the verb to include have correlative meanings. All references to any Person shall include such
Persons permitted successors.

C. Computation of Time Periods. Unless otherwise stated in the Indenture, in the computation of a period of time from a specified date to a later specified
date, the word from means from and including and the words to and until each means to but excluding.

D. Reference; Captions. The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in the Indenture shall refer to the Indenture as a
whole and not to any particular provision of the Indenture; and references to Section, subsection, Schedule and Exhibit in the Indenture are references to Sections, subsections, Schedules and Exhibits in or
to the Indenture unless otherwise specified in the Indenture. The various captions (including the tables of contents) in the Indenture are provided solely for convenience of reference and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of the
Indenture.

E. Number; Gender. The definitions contained in this Appendix A are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the
masculine as well as to the feminine and neuter forms of such terms.

Appendix A-13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ny20039729x11_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

This SERIES SUPPLEMENT, dated as of March 12, 2025 (this Supplement), is by and
between CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC, a limited liability company created under the laws of the State of Louisiana (the Issuer), and THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as indenture trustee (the Indenture Trustee) for the benefit of the Secured Parties under the Indenture dated as of March 12, 2025 (the Indenture), by and between the Issuer and THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as Indenture Trustee and in its separate capacity as a Securities
Intermediary.

PRELIMINARY STATEMENT

Section 9.01 of the Indenture provides,
among other things, that the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee may at any time enter into an indenture supplemental to the Indenture for the purposes of authorizing the issuance by the Issuer of the Energy Transition Bonds and specifying the terms
thereof. The Issuer has duly authorized the creation of the Energy Transition Bonds with an initial aggregate principal amount of $305,000,000 to be known as Series
2025-A Senior Secured Energy Transition Bonds (the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds), and the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee are executing and delivering this Supplement in
order to provide for the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds.

All terms used in this Supplement that are defined in the Indenture, either directly or by reference therein, have the meanings assigned to them
therein, except to the extent such terms are defined or modified in this Supplement or the context clearly requires otherwise. In the event that any term or provision contained herein shall conflict with or be inconsistent with any term or
provision contained in the Indenture, the terms and provisions of this Supplement shall govern.

1

GRANTING CLAUSE

With respect to the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds, the Issuer hereby Grants to the Indenture Trustee, as Indenture Trustee for the benefit
of the Secured Parties of the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds, all of the Issuers right, title and interest (whether now owned or hereafter acquired or arising) in and to (a) the Energy Transition Property created under and pursuant to the
Financing Order U-37213 issued November 27, 2024 (Docket No. U-37213) and the Securitization Act, and transferred by the Seller to the Issuer on the date hereof pursuant to the Sale Agreement (including, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, the right to impose, bill, charge, collect and receive the Energy Transition Charges, the right to obtain periodic adjustments to the Energy Transition Charges, and all revenues, collections, claims, rights to payments, payments,
money and proceeds arising out of the rights and interests created under the Financing Order), (b) all Energy Transition Charges related to the Energy Transition Property, (c) the Sale Agreement and the Bill of Sale executed in connection therewith
and all property and interests in property transferred under the Sale Agreement and the Bill of Sale with respect to the Energy Transition Property and the Series 2025-A
Energy Transition Bonds, (d) the Servicing Agreement, the Administration Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and any subservicing, agency, administration or collection agreements executed in connection therewith, to the extent related to the
Energy Transition Property and the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds, (e) the Collection Account for the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds, all Subaccounts thereof and all amounts of cash, instruments, investment property or other assets on
deposit therein or credited thereto from time to time or purchased with funds from the Collection Account and all financial assets and securities entitlements carried therein or credited thereto, (f) all rights to compel the Servicer to file for
and obtain periodic adjustments to the Energy Transition Charges in accordance with the Securitization Act and the Financing Order, (g) all of the other property of the
Issuer, other than any cash released to the Issuer by the Indenture Trustee semi-annually from earnings on the Capital Subaccount, (h) all present and future claims, demands, causes and choses in action in respect of any or all of the foregoing,
whether such claims, demands, causes and choses in action constitute Energy Transition Property, accounts, general intangibles, instruments, contract rights, chattel paper or proceeds of such items or any other form of property, (i) all payments on or under and all proceeds in respect of any or all of the foregoing, including all proceeds of the conversion, voluntary or involuntary, into cash or other liquid
property of any or all of the foregoing, all cash proceeds, accounts, accounts receivable, general intangibles, notes, drafts, acceptances, chattel paper, checks, deposit accounts, insurance proceeds, condemnation awards, payment
intangibles, letter-of-credit rights, investment property, commercial tort claims, documents, rights to payment of any and every kind, and other forms of obligations and receivables, instruments and other property which at any time constitute all
or part of or are included in the proceeds of any of the foregoing, and (j) all payments on or under, and all proceeds in respect of, any or all of the foregoing (the Trust Estate),
it being understood that the following do not constitute the Trust Estate: (x) cash that has been released pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, including Section 8.02(e)(x) of the Indenture and, following retirement of all Outstanding Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds, pursuant to Section 8.02(e)(xii)
of the Indenture, (y) amounts deposited with the Issuer on the Closing Date, for payment of costs of issuance with respect to the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds (together with any interest earnings thereon) or (z) proceeds from the sale of
the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds required to pay the purchase price for the Energy Transition Property and paid pursuant to the Sale Agreement and upfront Financing Costs, it being understood that such amounts described in clause (x) and clause (y) above shall not be subject to Section 3.17
of the Indenture. This Supplement covers the foregoing described portion of the Energy Transition Property described in the Financing Order.1

The foregoing Grant is made in trust to secure the Secured Obligations equally and ratably without prejudice, priority or distinction, except as
expressly provided in the Indenture, to secure compliance with the provisions of the Indenture with respect to the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds, all as provided in the Indenture and to secure the performance by the Issuer of all of its
obligations under the Indenture. The Indenture and this Supplement constitute a security agreement within the meaning of the Securitization Act and under the UCC to the extent that the provisions of the UCC are applicable hereto. The Issuer
authorizes the Indenture Trustee (but the Indenture Trustee is not required) to file financing statements covering the Trust Estate, either as described above or by using more general terms as permitted by Section 9-504 of the Louisiana UCC; provided, however, that such authorization shall not be deemed an obligation.

The Indenture Trustee, as indenture trustee on behalf of the Holders, acknowledges such Grant and accepts the trusts under this Supplement and the
Indenture in accordance with the provisions of this Supplement and the Indenture.

1 La. R.S. 45:1274(D).

2

SECTION 1.Designation. The Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds shall be designated generally as the 2025-A Senior Secured Energy Transition Bonds, and further denominated as tranches A-1 through
A-2.

SECTION 2.Initial Principal Amount; Bond Interest Rate; Scheduled Final Payment Date; Final Maturity Date; Required Capital Amount. The Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds of each tranche shall
have the initial principal amount, bear interest at the rates per annum (the Bond Interest Rate) and shall have the Scheduled Final Payment Dates and the Final Maturity Dates set
forth below:

Weighted 

Average

Life 

Initial

Principal

Amount 

Bond

Interest

Rate 

Scheduled

Final Payment

Date 

Final

Maturity

Date

5.39 

$100,000,000 

4.680% 

December 1, 2034 

December 1, 2036

15.53 

$205,000,000 

5.346% 

June 1, 2045 

June 1, 2047

The Bond Interest Rate shall be computed by the Issuer on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.

The Required Capital Amount for the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds shall be equal to 0.75% of the initial principal amount thereof.

SECTION 3.Authentication Date; Payment Dates; Expected Sinking Fund Schedule for Principal; Expected Amortization Schedule; Periodic Interest; Book-Entry Energy Transition Bonds.

(a)Authentication Date. The Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds that are authenticated and delivered by the Indenture Trustee to or upon the order of the Issuer on March 12, 2025 (the
Closing Date) shall have as their date of authentication March 12, 2025.

(b)Payment Dates. The Payment Dates for the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds are June 1 and December 1 of each year or, if
any such date is not a Business Day, the next Business Day, commencing on December 1, 2025 and continuing until the earlier of repayment of the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds in full and the Final Maturity Date of the Series 2025-A,
Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bonds.

(c)Expected Sinking Fund Schedule for Principal; Expected Amortization Schedule. Unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and a declaration of acceleration of
maturity has occurred and not been withdrawn, on each Payment Date, the Indenture Trustee shall distribute to the Holders of record as of the related Record Date amounts payable pursuant to Section 8.02(e)
of the Indenture as principal, in the following order and priority: (1) to the holders of the Series 2025-A, Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bonds, until the Outstanding Amount of the Series 2025-A, Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bonds thereof has
been reduced to zero; and (2) to the holders of the Series 2025-A, Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bonds, until the Outstanding Amount of the Series 2025-A, Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bonds thereof has been reduced to zero; provided, however, that in no event shall a principal payment pursuant to this Section 3(c)
on any tranche on a Payment Date be greater than the amount necessary to reduce the Outstanding Amount of such tranche of Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds to the amount specified in the Expected Amortization Schedule that is attached as Schedule A hereto for such tranche and Payment Date.

3

(d)Periodic Interest. Periodic Interest will be payable on each tranche of the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds on each
Payment Date in an amount equal to one-half of the product of (i) the applicable Bond Interest Rate and (ii) the Outstanding Amount of the related tranche of Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds as of the close of business on the preceding
Payment Date after giving effect to all payments of principal made to the Holders of the related tranche of Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds on such preceding Payment Date; provided,
however, that, with respect to the initial Payment Date, or if no payment has yet been made, interest on the outstanding principal balance will accrue from and including the Closing
Date to, but excluding, the following Payment Date.

(e)Book-Entry Energy Transition Bonds. The Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds shall be Book-Entry Energy
Transition Bonds, and the applicable provisions of Section 2.11 of the Indenture shall apply to the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds.

SECTION 4.Authorized Denominations. The Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds shall be issuable in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof, except for one bond,
which may be a smaller denomination (the Authorized Denominations).

SECTION 5.Delivery and Payment for the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds; Form of the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds. The Indenture Trustee shall deliver the Series 2025-A Energy
Transition Bonds to the Issuer when authenticated in accordance with Section 2.03 of the Indenture. The Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds of each tranche shall be in the form of
Exhibits A and B hereto.

SECTION 6.Ratification of Indenture. As supplemented by this Supplement, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and the Indenture, as so supplemented by this Supplement, shall be
read, taken and construed as one and the same instrument. This Supplement amends, modifies and supplements the Indenture only insofar as it relates to the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds.

SECTION 7.Counterparts. This Supplement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all of such counterparts shall together
constitute but one and the same instrument.

SECTION 8.Governing Law. This Supplement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Louisiana,
without reference to its conflict of law provisions, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws.

4

SECTION 9.Issuer Obligation. No recourse may be taken directly or indirectly by the Holders with respect to the obligations of the Issuer on the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds, under the
Indenture or this Supplement or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection herewith or therewith, against (a) any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer (including Cleco Power) or (b) any shareholder, partner, owner,
beneficiary, officer, director, employee or agent of the Indenture Trustee, the Managers or any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer (including Cleco Power) in its individual capacity, or of any successor or assign of any of them in
their respective individual or corporate capacities, except as any such Person may have expressly agreed. Each Holder by accepting a Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bond specifically confirms the nonrecourse nature of these obligations and
waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds.

SECTION 10.Indenture Trustee Disclaimer. The Indenture Trustee is not responsible for the validity or sufficiency of this Supplement or for the recitals contained herein.

SECTION 11.Submission to Non-Exclusive Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. Each of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee and each
Holder (by its acceptance of the Energy Transition Bonds) hereby irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of (A) any Louisiana State court and any New York State court sitting in The Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York
or (B) any U.S. federal court sitting in Louisiana and any U.S. federal court sitting in The Borough of Manhattan in The City of New York in respect of any suit, action or Proceeding arising out of or relating to this Supplement and the
Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds and irrevocably accepts for itself and in respect of its respective property, generally and unconditionally, jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts. Each of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and each
Holder (by its acceptance of the Energy Transition Bonds) irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so under applicable law, trial by jury.

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee have caused this Supplement to be duly executed by their respective officers thereunto duly
authorized as of the day and year first above written.

CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC,

as Issuer

By: /s/ William G. Fontenot

Name: 

William G. Fontenot

Title: 

President

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee

By: /s/ David H. Hill

Name: David H. Hill

Title: Vice President

6

SCHEDULE A

TO SERIES SUPPLEMENT

EXPECTED SINKING FUND SCHEDULE

Payment Date 

Tranche A-1 

Tranche A-2

December 1, 2025 

$3,213,903.57 

$0.00

June 1, 2026 

$3,519,569.61 

$0.00

December 1, 2026 

$5,993,202.27 

$0.00

June 1, 2027 

$3,767,607.55 

$0.00

December 1, 2027 

$6,196,166.13 

$0.00

June 1, 2028 

$4,000,759.87 

$0.00

December 1, 2028 

$6,434,774.19 

$0.00

June 1, 2029 

$4,244,951.36 

$0.00

December 1, 2029 

$6,684,679.78 

$0.00

June 1, 2030 

$4,500,704.72 

$0.00

December 1, 2030 

$6,946,417.78 

$0.00

June 1, 2031 

$4,768,567.39 

$0.00

December 1, 2031 

$7,220,548.43 

$0.00

June 1, 2032 

$5,049,112.70 

$0.00

December 1, 2032 

$7,507,658.49 

$0.00

June 1, 2033 

$5,342,941.15 

$0.00

December 1, 2033 

$7,808,362.53 

$0.00

June 1, 2034 

$5,650,681.66 

$0.00

December 1, 2034 

$1,149,390.82 

$6,973,913.34

June 1, 2035 

$0.00 

$5,996,216.05

December 1, 2035 

$0.00 

$8,496,891.47

June 1, 2036 

$0.00 

$6,383,616.82

December 1, 2036 

$0.00 

$8,894,647.45

June 1, 2037 

$0.00 

$6,817,443.92

December 1, 2037 

$0.00 

$9,289,192.56

June 1, 2038 

$0.00 

$7,247,974.31

December 1, 2038 

$0.00 

$9,731,231.03

June 1, 2039 

$0.00 

$7,701,828.47

December 1, 2039 

$0.00 

$10,197,216.71

June 1, 2040 

$0.00 

$8,180,269.95

December 1, 2040 

$0.00 

$10,688,446.93

June 1, 2041 

$0.00 

$8,684,630.74

December 1, 2041 

$0.00 

$11,206,289.30

June 1, 2042 

$0.00 

$9,216,315.04

December 1, 2042 

$0.00 

$11,752,185.51

June 1, 2043 

$0.00 

$9,776,803.06

December 1, 2043 

$0.00 

$12,327,655.38

June 1, 2044 

$0.00 

$10,367,655.23

December 1, 2044 

$0.00 

$12,934,301.03

June 1, 2045 

$0.00 

$12,135,275.70

Total Payments 

$100,000,000.00 

$205,000,000.00

EXPECTED AMORTIZATION SCHEDULE

Payment Date 

Tranche A-1 Amount 

Tranche A-2 Amount

Initial Principal Amount 

$100,000,000.00 

$205,000,000.00

December 1, 2025 

$96,786,096.43 

$205,000,000.00

June 1, 2026 

$93,266,526.82 

$205,000,000.00

December 1, 2026 

$87,273,324.55 

$205,000,000.00

June 1, 2027 

$83,505,717.00 

$205,000,000.00

December 1, 2027 

$77,309,550.87 

$205,000,000.00

June 1, 2028 

$73,308,791.00 

$205,000,000.00

December 1, 2028 

$66,874,016.81 

$205,000,000.00

June 1, 2029 

$62,629,065.45 

$205,000,000.00

December 1, 2029 

$55,944,385.67 

$205,000,000.00

June 1, 2030 

$51,443,680.95 

$205,000,000.00

December 1, 2030 

$44,497,263.17 

$205,000,000.00

June 1, 2031 

$39,728,695.78 

$205,000,000.00

December 1, 2031 

$32,508,147.35 

$205,000,000.00

June 1, 2032 

$27,459,034.65 

$205,000,000.00

December 1, 2032 

$19,951,376.16 

$205,000,000.00

June 1, 2033 

$14,608,435.01 

$205,000,000.00

December 1, 2033 

$6,800,072.48 

$205,000,000.00

June 1, 2034 

$1,149,390.82 

$205,000,000.00

December 1, 2034 

$0.00 

$198,026,086.66

June 1, 2035 

$0.00 

$192,029,870.61

December 1, 2035 

$0.00 

$183,532,979.14

June 1, 2036 

$0.00 

$177,149,362.32

December 1, 2036 

$0.00 

$168,254,714.87

June 1, 2037 

$0.00 

$161,437,270.95

December 1, 2037 

$0.00 

$152,148,078.39

June 1, 2038 

$0.00 

$144,900,104.08

December 1, 2038 

$0.00 

$135,168,873.05

June 1, 2039 

$0.00 

$127,467,044.58

December 1, 2039 

$0.00 

$117,269,827.87

June 1, 2040 

$0.00 

$109,089,557.92

December 1, 2040 

$0.00 

$98,401,110.99

June 1, 2041 

$0.00 

$89,716,480.25

December 1, 2041 

$0.00 

$78,510,190.95

June 1, 2042 

$0.00 

$69,293,875.91

December 1, 2042 

$0.00 

$57,541,690.40

June 1, 2043 

$0.00 

$47,764,887.34

December 1, 2043 

$0.00 

$35,437,231.96

June 1, 2044 

$0.00 

$25,069,576.73

December 1, 2044 

$0.00 

$12,135,275.70

June 1, 2045 

$0.00 

$0.00

EXHIBIT A

TO SERIES SUPPLEMENT

FORM OF TRANCHE A-1 OF SERIES 2025-A SENIOR SECURED ENERGY TRANSITION BONDS

UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR SECURITIES IN DEFINITIVE REGISTERED FORM, THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE
BY THE DEPOSITARY TO THE NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR
DEPOSITARY. UNLESS THIS SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY SECURITY ISSUED IS
REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREON IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC),
ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

NEITHER THE FULL FAITH AND CREDIT NOR THE TAXING POWER OF THE STATE OF LOUISIANA IS PLEDGED TO THE PAYMENT OF THE PRINCIPAL OF, OR INTEREST ON, THIS
TRANCHE A-1 SERIES 2025-A SENIOR SECURED ENERGY TRANSITION BOND

No. {_____} 

${__________}

Tranche A-1 

CUSIP No.: 185516 AA9

THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS SERIES 2025-A, TRANCHE A-1 SENIOR SECURED ENERGY TRANSITION BOND, (THIS ENERGY TRANSITION BOND) WILL BE PAID IN INSTALLMENTS AS SET FORTH HEREIN. ACCORDINGLY, THE OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS ENERGY TRANSITION BOND AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ABOVE. 
THE HOLDER OF THIS ENERGY TRANSITION BOND HAS NO RECOURSE TO THE ISSUER HEREOF AND AGREES TO LOOK ONLY TO THE TRUST ESTATE, AS DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE, FOR PAYMENT OF ANY AMOUNTS DUE HEREUNDER. ALL OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER OF THIS ENERGY
TRANSITION BOND UNDER THE TERMS OF THE INDENTURE WILL BE RELEASED AND DISCHARGED UPON PAYMENT IN FULL HEREOF OR AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN SECTION 3.10(b) OR
ARTICLE IV OF THE INDENTURE. THE HOLDER OF THIS ENERGY TRANSITION BOND HEREBY COVENANTS AND AGREES THAT PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS ONE YEAR AND ONE DAY AFTER
THE PAYMENT IN FULL OF THIS ENERGY TRANSITION BOND, IT WILL NOT INSTITUTE AGAINST, OR JOIN ANY OTHER PERSON IN INSTITUTING AGAINST, THE ISSUER ANY BANKRUPTCY, REORGANIZATION, ARRANGEMENT, INSOLVENCY OR LIQUIDATION PROCEEDINGS OR OTHER SIMILAR
PROCEEDING UNDER THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. NOTHING IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL PRECLUDE, OR BE DEEMED TO ESTOP, SUCH HOLDER (A) FROM TAKING OR OMITTING TO TAKE ANY ACTION PRIOR TO SUCH DATE IN (I) ANY CASE OR
PROCEEDING VOLUNTARILY FILED OR COMMENCED BY OR ON BEHALF OF THE ISSUER UNDER OR PURSUANT TO ANY SUCH LAW OR (II) ANY INVOLUNTARY CASE OR PROCEEDING PERTAINING TO THE ISSUER THAT IS FILED OR COMMENCED BY OR ON BEHALF OF A PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH
HOLDER AND IS NOT JOINED IN BY SUCH HOLDER (OR ANY PERSON TO WHICH SUCH HOLDER SHALL HAVE ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE CONVEYED ANY PART OF THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER HEREUNDER) UNDER OR PURSUANT TO ANY SUCH LAW OR (B) FROM COMMENCING OR
PROSECUTING ANY LEGAL ACTION THAT IS NOT AN INVOLUNTARY CASE OR PROCEEDING UNDER OR PURSUANT TO ANY SUCH LAW AGAINST THE ISSUER OR ANY OF ITS PROPERTIES.

2

CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC

SERIES 2025-A SENIOR SECURED ENERGY TRANSITION BONDS, TRANCHE A-1

BOND 

INTEREST

RATE 

ORIGINAL 

PRINCIPAL

AMOUNT 

SCHEDULED

FINAL 

PAYMENT 

DATE 

FINAL 

MATURITY

DATE

4.680% 

$100,000,000.00 

December 1, 2034 

December 1, 2036

Cleco Securitization II LLC, a limited liability company created under the laws of the State of Louisiana (herein referred to as the Issuer), for value received, hereby promises to pay to {__________}, or registered assigns, the Original Principal Amount shown above in semi-annual
installments on the Payment Dates and in the amounts specified below or, if less, the amounts determined pursuant to Section 8.02 of the Indenture, in each
year, commencing on the date determined as provided below and ending on or before the Final Maturity Date shown above and to pay interest, at the Bond Interest Rate shown above, on each June 1 and December 1 or, if any such day is not a Business
Day, the next Business Day, commencing on December 1, 2025 and continuing until the earlier of the payment in full of the principal hereof and the Final Maturity Date (each, a Payment Date), on the principal amount of this Energy Transition Bond. Interest on this Energy Transition Bond will accrue for each Payment Date from the most recent Payment Date on which interest has been paid to but
excluding such Payment Date or, if no interest has yet been paid, from the date of issuance. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. Such principal of and interest on this Energy Transition Bond shall be
paid in the manner specified below.

The principal of and interest on this Energy Transition Bond are payable in such coin or currency of the United States of America as
at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. All payments made by the Issuer with respect to this Energy Transition Bond shall be applied first to interest due and payable on this Energy Transition Bond as
provided above and then to the unpaid principal of and premium, if any, on this Energy Transition Bond, all in the manner set forth in the Indenture.

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Indenture Trustee whose name appears below by manual,
electronic or facsimile signature, this Energy Transition Bond shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture referred to below or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be signed, manually, electronically or in facsimile, by its Responsible
Officer.

Date: {__________}, 20{__}

CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC, 

as Issuer

By:

Name:

Title:

Signature Page to Tranche A-1 Global Note

INDENTURE TRUSTEES

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

Date: {__________}, 20{__}

This is one of the Series 2025-A, Tranche A-1 Senior Secured Energy Transition Bonds, designated above and referred to in the
within-mentioned Indenture.

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Indenture Trustee

By:

Name:

Title:

Signature Page to Tranche A-1 Global Note

This Senior Secured Energy Transition Bond, Series 2025-A, tranche A-1 is one of a duly authorized issue of Series 2025-A Senior
Secured Energy Transition Bonds of the Issuer (herein called the Series 2025-A Bonds), which Series are issuable in one or more tranches. The Series
2025-A Bonds consist of two tranches, including the Tranche A-1 Series 2025-A Senior Secured Energy Transition Bonds, which include this Senior Secured Energy Transition Bond (herein called the Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bonds), all issued and to be issued under that certain Indenture dated as of March 12, 2025 (as supplemented by the Series Supplement (as defined below), the Indenture), between the Issuer and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, in its capacity as indenture trustee (the Indenture Trustee, which term includes any successor indenture trustee under the Indenture) and in its separate capacity as a securities intermediary (the Securities Intermediary, which term includes any successor securities intermediary under the Indenture), to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental
thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights and obligations thereunder of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Holders of the Series 2025-A Bonds. For purposes herein, Series Supplement means that certain Series Supplement dated as of March 12, 2025 between the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee. All terms used in this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond that are
defined in the Indenture, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Indenture.

All tranches of the Series 2025-A Bonds are equally and ratably secured by the Trust Estate pledged as security therefor as provided
in the Indenture.

The principal of this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond shall be payable on each Payment Date only to the extent that amounts in the
Collection Account for the Series 2025-A Bonds are available therefor, and only until the outstanding principal balance thereof on the preceding Payment Date (after giving effect to all payments of principal, if any, made on the preceding Payment
Date) has been reduced to the principal balance specified in the Expected Amortization Schedule that is attached to the Series Supplement as Schedule A,
unless payable earlier because an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Indenture Trustee or the Holders representing a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Series 2025-A Bonds have declared the Series 2025-A Bonds to
be immediately due and payable in accordance with Section 5.02 of the Indenture (unless such declaration shall have been rescinded and annulled in
accordance with Section 5.02 of the Indenture). However, actual principal payments may be made in lesser than expected amounts and at later than expected
times as determined pursuant to Section 8.02 of the Indenture. The entire unpaid principal amount of this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond shall be due and payable on the Final Maturity Date hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the entire unpaid principal amount of the Series 2025-A Bonds shall be due
and payable, if not then previously paid, on the date on which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Indenture Trustee or the Holders of the Series 2025-A Bonds representing a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the
Series 2025-A Bonds have declared the Series 2025-A Bonds to be immediately due and payable in the manner provided in Section 5.02 of the Indenture (unless
such declaration shall have been rescinded and annulled in accordance with Section 5.02 of the Indenture). All principal payments on the Tranche A-1 Energy
Transition Bonds shall be made pro rata to the Holders of the Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bonds entitled thereto based on the respective principal amounts of the Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bonds held by them.

6

Payments of interest on this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond due and payable on each Payment Date, together with the installment of
principal or premium, if any, shall be made by check mailed first-class, postage prepaid, to the Person whose name appears as the Registered Holder of this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond (or one or more Predecessor Tranche A-1 Energy Transition
Bonds) on the Energy Transition Bond Register as of the close of business on the Record Date or in such other manner as may be provided in the Indenture or the Series Supplement, except that (a) upon application to the Indenture Trustee by any
Holder owning a Global Energy Transition Bond evidencing this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond not later than the applicable Record Date, payment will be made by wire transfer to an account maintained by such Holder, and (b) if this Tranche A-1
Energy Transition Bond is held in Book-Entry Form, payments will be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account designated by the Holder of the applicable Global Energy Transition Bond evidencing this Tranche A-1 Energy
Transition Bond unless and until such Global Energy Transition Bond is exchanged for Definitive Energy Transition Bonds (in which event payments shall be made as provided above) and except for the final installment of principal and premium, if any,
payable with respect to this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond on a Payment Date, which shall be payable as provided below. Such checks shall be mailed to the Person entitled thereto at the address of such Person as it appears on the Energy
Transition Bond Register as of the applicable Record Date without requiring that this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond be submitted for notation of payment. Any reduction in the principal amount of this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond (or any
one or more Predecessor Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bonds) effected by any payments made on any Payment Date shall be binding upon all future Holders of this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond and of any Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond issued
upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether or not noted hereon. If funds are expected to be available, as provided in the Indenture, for payment in full of the then-remaining unpaid principal amount
of this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond on a Payment Date, then the Indenture Trustee, in the name of and on behalf of the Issuer, will notify the Person who was the Registered Holder hereof as of the Record Date preceding such Payment Date by
notice sent no later than five (5) days prior to such final Payment Date and shall specify that such final installment will be payable only upon presentation and surrender of this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond and shall specify the place where
this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond may be presented and surrendered for payment of such installment.

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue installments of interest at the Bond Interest Rate to the extent lawful.

This Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond is an energy transition bond as such term is defined in the Securitization Act. Principal
and interest on this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond are payable from and secured primarily by the Energy Transition Property authorized by the Financing Order.

The Securitization Act provides that the State of Louisiana and the Legislature of Louisiana each pledge to and agree with
bondholders, the owners of the energy transition property, and other financing parties that, until the financing costs and the energy transition bonds and any ancillary agreements have been paid and performed in full, the state and the Legislature
of Louisiana shall not do any of the following:

(a) Alter the provisions of this Part [the Securitization Act] that authorize the commission to create an irrevocable contract right by
the issuance of a financing order, to create energy transition property, and to make the energy transition charges imposed by a financing order irrevocable, binding, and nonbypassable charges.

7

(b) Take or permit any action that impairs or would impair the value of energy transition property.

(c) Take or permit any action that impairs or would impair the rights and remedies of the issuer, any other assignee, such bondholders
or other financing parities, or the security for the energy transition bonds or ancillary agreements.

(d) Except as provided for in this Section [Section 1279 of the Securitization Act] and except for adjustments under any true-up
mechanism established by the commission, reduce, alter, or impair energy transition charges that are to be imposed, collected, and remitted for the benefit of the bondholders and other financing parties until any and all principal, interest,
premium, financing costs and other fees, expenses, or charges incurred, and any contracts to be performed, in connection with the related energy transition bonds have been paid and performed in full.

(2) Nothing in this Subsection [Section 1279B of the Securitization Act] shall preclude limitation or alteration if and when full
compensation is made by law for the full protection of the energy transition charges imposed, charged, and collected pursuant to a financing order and full protection of the holders of energy transition bonds and any assignee or financing party.

In addition, the Financing Order provides that the Louisiana Commission covenants, pledges, and agrees it thereafter shall not amend, modify, or terminate th[e] Financing Order by any subsequent action or reduce, impair, postpone, terminate, or otherwise adjust the energy transition charges approved

in th[e] Financing Order, or in any way reduce or impair the value of the energy transition property created by th[e] Financing Order, except as may be contemplated by a refinancing authorized in strict accordance with the Securitization Act by a subsequent order of the Commission or by the periodic true-up adjustments
authorized by th[e] Financing Order, until the indefeasible payment in full of the energy transition bonds, any ancillary agreements, and the related financing
costs.

The Issuer acknowledges that the purchase of this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond by the Holder hereof or the purchase of any
beneficial interest herein by any Person are made in reliance on the foregoing pledges by the State of Louisiana, the Legislature of Louisiana and the Louisiana Commission.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth therein, the transfer of this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition
Bond may be registered on the Energy Transition Bond Register upon surrender of this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond for registration of transfer at the office or agency designated by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture, duly endorsed by, or
accompanied by, (a) a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee duly executed by the Holder hereof or such Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, with such signature guaranteed by an institution which is a
member of one of the following recognized signature guaranty programs: (i) The Securities Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP); (ii) The New York Stock Exchange Medallion Program (MSP); (iii) The Stock Exchange Medallion Program (SEMP); or
(iv) such other signature guaranty program acceptable to the Indenture Trustee, and (b) such other documents as the Indenture Trustee may require, and thereupon one or more new Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bonds of Authorized Denominations and in
the same aggregate principal amount will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged for any registration of transfer or exchange of this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond, but the transferor may be
required to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any such registration of transfer or exchange, other than exchanges pursuant to Section 2.04 or Section 2.06 of the Indenture not involving any transfer.

8

Each Holder, by acceptance of a Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond, covenants and agrees that no recourse may be taken, directly or
indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee on the Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bonds or under the Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection therewith, against (a) any owner of a
membership interest in the Issuer (including Cleco Power) or (b) any shareholder, partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer or employee of the Indenture Trustee, the Managers or any owner of a membership interest in the Issuer (including Cleco
Power) in its respective individual or corporate capacities, or of any successor or assign of any of them in their individual or corporate capacities, except as any such Person may have expressly agreed in writing. Each Holder by accepting a
Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond specifically confirms the nonrecourse nature of these obligations and waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Tranche A-1 Energy Transition
Bonds.

Prior to the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond, the Issuer, the Indenture
Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond is registered (as of the day of determination) as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payments of
principal of and premium, if any, and interest on this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond be overdue, and none of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee or any
such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and
obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Holders under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer with the consent of the Holders representing a majority of the Outstanding Amount of all Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds at the time
outstanding of each tranche to be affected and upon the satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition and the Louisiana Commission Condition. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders representing specified percentages of the
Outstanding Amount of the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds, on behalf of the Holders of all the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds, with the satisfaction of the Louisiana Commission Condition, to waive compliance by the Issuer with certain
provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond (or any one of more Predecessor Tranche A-1 Energy Transition
Bonds) shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond and of any Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in
lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond. The Indenture also permits the Indenture Trustee to amend or waive certain terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture without
the consent of Holders issued thereunder, but with the satisfaction of the Louisiana Commission Condition.

9

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of (a) the entire indebtedness of the Issuer on a Series 2025-A Energy
Transition Bond and (b) certain restrictive covenants and the related Events of Default, upon compliance by the Issuer with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture, which provisions apply to this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond.

The term Issuer as used in this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond includes any successor to the Issuer under the Indenture.

The Issuer is permitted by the Indenture, under certain circumstances, to merge or consolidate, subject to the rights of the Indenture
Trustee and the Holders under the Indenture.

The Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bonds are issuable only in registered form in denominations as provided in the Indenture and the
Series Supplement subject to certain limitations therein set forth.

This Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond, the Indenture and the Series Supplement shall be construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of Louisiana, without reference to its conflict of law provisions, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws.

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond or of the Indenture shall alter or
impair the obligation, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond at the times, place and rate and in the coin or currency herein prescribed.

The Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, by entering into the Indenture, and the Holders and any Persons holding a beneficial interest in
any Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond, by acquiring any Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond or interest therein, (a) express their intention that, solely for the purpose of U.S. federal taxes and, to the extent consistent with applicable state,
local and other tax law, solely for the purpose of state, local and other taxes, the Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bonds qualify under applicable tax law as indebtedness of the sole owner of the Issuer secured by the Trust Estate and (b) solely for
purposes of U.S. federal taxes and, to the extent consistent with applicable state, local and other tax law, solely for purposes of state, local and other taxes, so long as any of the Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bonds are outstanding, agree to
treat the Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bonds as indebtedness of the sole owner of the Issuer secured by the Trust Estate unless otherwise required by appropriate taxing authorities.

The Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, by entering into the Indenture, and the Holders and any Persons holding a beneficial interest in
any Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond, by acquiring any Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond or interest therein, expressly agree to be bound by the Intercreditor Agreement.

10

ABBREVIATIONS

The following abbreviations, when used above on this Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bond, shall be construed as though they were
written out in full according to applicable laws or regulations.

TEN COM 

as tenants in common

TEN ENT 

as tenants by the entireties

JT TEN 

as joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants

in common

UNIF GIFT MIN ACT 

___________________ Custodian ______________________

(Custodian)(minor)

Under Uniform Gifts to Minor Act (____________________)

(State)

Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list.

11

ASSIGNMENT

Social Security or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee ____________

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto

(name and address of assignee)

the within Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints ____________, attorney, to
transfer said Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond on the books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated: ________________ 

______________________________________

Signature Guaranteed:

______________________________________

The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on the within Tranche A-1 Energy Transition Bond in
every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatsoever.

NOTE: Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an institution that is a member of: (i) The Securities Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP); (ii) The New
York Stock Exchange Medallion Program (MSP); (iii) the Stock Exchange Medallion Program (SEMP); or (iv) such other signature guaranty program acceptable to the Indenture Trustee.

12

EXHIBIT B

TO SERIES SUPPLEMENT

FORM OF TRANCHE A-2 OF SERIES 2025-A SENIOR SECURED ENERGY TRANSITION BONDS

UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR SECURITIES IN DEFINITIVE REGISTERED FORM, THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A
WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO THE NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR
DEPOSITARY. UNLESS THIS SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY SECURITY ISSUED
IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREON IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF
DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

NEITHER THE FULL FAITH AND CREDIT NOR THE TAXING POWER OF THE STATE OF LOUISIANA IS PLEDGED TO THE PAYMENT OF THE PRINCIPAL OF, OR INTEREST ON, THIS
TRANCHE A-2 SERIES 2025-A SENIOR SECURED ENERGY TRANSITION BOND

No. {_____} 

${__________}

Tranche A-2 

CUSIP No.: 185516 AB7

2

THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS SERIES 2025-A, TRANCHE A-2 SENIOR SECURED ENERGY TRANSITION BOND, (THIS ENERGY TRANSITION BOND) WILL BE PAID IN INSTALLMENTS AS SET FORTH HEREIN. ACCORDINGLY, THE OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS ENERGY TRANSITION BOND AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ABOVE. 
THE HOLDER OF THIS ENERGY TRANSITION BOND HAS NO RECOURSE TO THE ISSUER HEREOF AND AGREES TO LOOK ONLY TO THE TRUST ESTATE, AS DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE, FOR PAYMENT OF ANY AMOUNTS DUE HEREUNDER. ALL OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER OF THIS ENERGY
TRANSITION BOND UNDER THE TERMS OF THE INDENTURE WILL BE RELEASED AND DISCHARGED UPON PAYMENT IN FULL HEREOF OR AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN SECTION 3.10(b)
OR ARTICLE IV OF THE INDENTURE. THE HOLDER OF THIS ENERGY TRANSITION BOND HEREBY COVENANTS AND AGREES THAT PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS ONE YEAR AND ONE DAY
AFTER THE PAYMENT IN FULL OF THIS ENERGY TRANSITION BOND, IT WILL NOT INSTITUTE AGAINST, OR JOIN ANY OTHER PERSON IN INSTITUTING AGAINST, THE ISSUER ANY BANKRUPTCY, REORGANIZATION, ARRANGEMENT, INSOLVENCY OR LIQUIDATION PROCEEDINGS OR OTHER
SIMILAR PROCEEDING UNDER THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. NOTHING IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL PRECLUDE, OR BE DEEMED TO ESTOP, SUCH HOLDER (A) FROM TAKING OR OMITTING TO TAKE ANY ACTION PRIOR TO SUCH DATE IN (I) ANY
CASE OR PROCEEDING VOLUNTARILY FILED OR COMMENCED BY OR ON BEHALF OF THE ISSUER UNDER OR PURSUANT TO ANY SUCH LAW OR (II) ANY INVOLUNTARY CASE OR PROCEEDING PERTAINING TO THE ISSUER THAT IS FILED OR COMMENCED BY OR ON BEHALF OF A PERSON OTHER
THAN SUCH HOLDER AND IS NOT JOINED IN BY SUCH HOLDER (OR ANY PERSON TO WHICH SUCH HOLDER SHALL HAVE ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE CONVEYED ANY PART OF THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER HEREUNDER) UNDER OR PURSUANT TO ANY SUCH LAW OR (B) FROM
COMMENCING OR PROSECUTING ANY LEGAL ACTION THAT IS NOT AN INVOLUNTARY CASE OR PROCEEDING UNDER OR PURSUANT TO ANY SUCH LAW AGAINST THE ISSUER OR ANY OF ITS PROPERTIES.

CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC

SERIES 2025-A SENIOR SECURED ENERGY TRANSITION BONDS, TRANCHE A-2

BOND 

INTEREST

RATE 

ORIGINAL 

PRINCIPAL

AMOUNT 

SCHEDULED

FINAL 

PAYMENT 

DATE 

FINAL 

MATURITY

DATE

5.346% 

$205,000,000.00 

June 1, 2045 

June 1, 2047

Cleco Securitization II LLC, a limited liability company created under the laws of the State of Louisiana (herein referred to as the
Issuer), for value received, hereby promises to pay to {__________}, or registered assigns, the Original Principal Amount shown above in semi-annual
installments on the Payment Dates and in the amounts specified below or, if less, the amounts determined pursuant to Section 8.02 of the Indenture, in
each year, commencing on the date determined as provided below and ending on or before the Final Maturity Date shown above and to pay interest, at the Bond Interest Rate shown above, on each June 1 and December 1 or, if any such day is not a
Business Day, the next Business Day, commencing on December 1, 2025 and continuing until the earlier of the payment in full of the principal hereof and the Final Maturity Date (each, a Payment Date), on the principal amount of this Energy Transition Bond. Interest on this Energy Transition Bond will accrue for each Payment Date from the most recent Payment Date on which interest has been
paid to but excluding such Payment Date or, if no interest has yet been paid, from the date of issuance. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. Such principal of and interest on this Energy Transition
Bond shall be paid in the manner specified below.

The principal of and interest on this Energy Transition Bond are payable in such coin or currency of the United States of America as
at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. All payments made by the Issuer with respect to this Energy Transition Bond shall be applied first to interest due and payable on this Energy Transition Bond as
provided above and then to the unpaid principal of and premium, if any, on this Energy Transition Bond, all in the manner set forth in the Indenture.

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Indenture Trustee whose name appears below by manual,
electronic or facsimile signature, this Energy Transition Bond shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture referred to below or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be signed, manually, electronically or in facsimile, by its Responsible
Officer.

Date: {__________}, 20{__}

CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC, 

as Issuer

By:

Name:

Title:

Signature Page to Tranche A-2 Global Note

INDENTURE TRUSTEES

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

Dated: {__________}, 20{__}

This is one of the Series 2025-A, Tranche A-2 Senior Secured Energy Transition Bonds, designated above and referred to in the
within-mentioned Indenture.

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Indenture Trustee

By: 

Name: 

Title:

Signature Page to Tranche A-2 Global Note

This Senior Secured Energy Transition Bond, Series 2025-A, tranche A-2 is one of a duly authorized issue of Series 2025-A Senior
Secured Energy Transition Bonds of the Issuer (herein called the Series 2025-A Bonds), which Series are issuable in one or more tranches. The Series
2025-A Bonds consist of two tranches, including the Tranche A-2 Series 2025-A Senior Secured Energy Transition Bonds, which include this Senior Secured Energy Transition Bond (herein called the Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bonds), all issued and to be issued under that certain Indenture dated as of March 12, 2025 (as supplemented by the Series Supplement (as defined below), the Indenture), between the Issuer and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, in its capacity as indenture trustee (the Indenture Trustee, which term includes any successor indenture trustee under the Indenture) and in its separate capacity as a securities intermediary (the Securities Intermediary, which term includes any successor securities intermediary under the Indenture), to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental
thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights and obligations thereunder of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Holders of the Series 2025-A Bonds. For purposes herein, Series Supplement means that certain Series Supplement dated as of March 12, 2025 between the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee. All terms used in this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition
Bond that are defined in the Indenture, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Indenture.

All tranches of the Series 2025-A Bonds are equally and ratably secured by the Trust Estate pledged as security therefor as provided
in the Indenture.

The principal of this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond shall be payable on each Payment Date only to the extent that amounts in
the Collection Account for the Series 2025-A Bonds are available therefor, and only until the outstanding principal balance thereof on the preceding Payment Date (after giving effect to all payments of principal, if any, made on the preceding
Payment Date) has been reduced to the principal balance specified in the Expected Amortization Schedule that is attached to the Series Supplement as Schedule A,
unless payable earlier because an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Indenture Trustee or the Holders representing a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Series 2025-A Bonds have declared the Series 2025-A Bonds
to be immediately due and payable in accordance with Section 5.02 of the Indenture (unless such declaration shall have been rescinded and annulled in
accordance with Section 5.02 of the Indenture). However, actual principal payments may be made in lesser than expected amounts and at later than expected
times as determined pursuant to Section 8.02 of the Indenture. The entire unpaid principal amount of this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond shall be due and payable on the Final Maturity Date hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the entire unpaid principal amount of the Series 2025-A Bonds shall be due
and payable, if not then previously paid, on the date on which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Indenture Trustee or the Holders of the Series 2025-A Bonds representing a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the
Series 2025-A Bonds have declared the Series 2025-A Bonds to be immediately due and payable in the manner provided in Section 5.02 of the Indenture
(unless such declaration shall have been rescinded and annulled in accordance with Section 5.02 of the Indenture). All principal payments on the Tranche
A-2 Energy Transition Bonds shall be made pro rata to the Holders of the Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bonds entitled thereto based on the respective principal amounts of the Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bonds held by them.

6

Payments of interest on this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond due and payable on each Payment Date, together with the installment
of principal or premium, if any, shall be made by check mailed first-class, postage prepaid, to the Person whose name appears as the Registered Holder of this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond (or one or more Predecessor Tranche A-2 Energy
Transition Bonds) on the Energy Transition Bond Register as of the close of business on the Record Date or in such other manner as may be provided in the Indenture or the Series Supplement, except that (a) upon application to the Indenture
Trustee by any Holder owning a Global Energy Transition Bond evidencing this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond not later than the applicable Record Date, payment will be made by wire transfer to an account maintained by such Holder, and (b) if
this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond is held in Book-Entry Form, payments will be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account designated by the Holder of the applicable Global Energy Transition Bond evidencing this
Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond unless and until such Global Energy Transition Bond is exchanged for Definitive Energy Transition Bonds (in which event payments shall be made as provided above) and except for the final installment of principal
and premium, if any, payable with respect to this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond on a Payment Date, which shall be payable as provided below. Such checks shall be mailed to the Person entitled thereto at the address of such Person as it
appears on the Energy Transition Bond Register as of the applicable Record Date without requiring that this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond be submitted for notation of payment. Any reduction in the principal amount of this Tranche A-2 Energy
Transition Bond (or any one or more Predecessor Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bonds) effected by any payments made on any Payment Date shall be binding upon all future Holders of this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond and of any Tranche A-2
Energy Transition Bond issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether or not noted hereon. If funds are expected to be available, as provided in the Indenture, for payment in full of the
then-remaining unpaid principal amount of this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond on a Payment Date, then the Indenture Trustee, in the name of and on behalf of the Issuer, will notify the Person who was the Registered Holder hereof as of the
Record Date preceding such Payment Date by notice sent no later than five (5) days prior to such final Payment Date and shall specify that such final installment will be payable only upon presentation and surrender of this Tranche A-2 Energy
Transition Bond and shall specify the place where this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond may be presented and surrendered for payment of such installment.

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue installments of interest at the Bond Interest Rate to the extent lawful.

This Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond is an energy transition bond as such term is defined in the Securitization Act. Principal
and interest on this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond are payable from and secured primarily by the Energy Transition Property authorized by the Financing Order.

7

The Securitization Act provides that the State of Louisiana and the Legislature of Louisiana each pledge to and agree with
bondholders, the owners of the energy transition property, and other financing parties that, until the financing costs and the energy transition bonds and any ancillary agreements have been paid and performed in full, the state and the
Legislature of Louisiana shall not do any of the following:

(a) Alter the provisions of this Part [the Securitization Act] that authorize the commission to create an irrevocable contract right
by the issuance of a financing order, to create energy transition property, and to make the energy transition charges imposed by a financing order irrevocable, binding, and nonbypassable charges.

(b) Take or permit any action that impairs or would impair the value of energy transition property.

(c) Take or permit any action that impairs or would impair the rights and remedies of the issuer, any other assignee, such
bondholders or other financing parities, or the security for the energy transition bonds or ancillary agreements.

(d) Except as provided for in this Section [Section 1279 of the Securitization Act] and except for adjustments under any true-up
mechanism established by the commission, reduce, alter, or impair energy transition charges that are to be imposed, collected, and remitted for the benefit of the bondholders and other financing parties until any and all principal, interest,
premium, financing costs and other fees, expenses, or charges incurred, and any contracts to be performed, in connection with the related energy transition bonds have been paid and performed in full.

(2) Nothing in this Subsection [Section 1279B of the Securitization Act] shall preclude limitation or alteration if and when full
compensation is made by law for the full protection of the energy transition charges imposed, charged, and collected pursuant to a financing order and full protection of the holders of energy transition bonds and any assignee or financing party.

In addition, the Financing Order provides that the Louisiana Commission covenants, pledges, and agrees it thereafter shall not amend, modify, or terminate th[e] Financing Order by any subsequent action or reduce, impair, postpone, terminate, or otherwise adjust the energy transition
charges approved in th[e] Financing Order, or in any way reduce or impair the value of the energy transition property created by th[e] Financing Order, except as may be contemplated by a refinancing authorized in strict accordance with the Securitization Act by a subsequent order of the
Commission or by the periodic true-up adjustments authorized by th[e] Financing Order, until the indefeasible payment in full of the energy transition bonds,
any ancillary agreements, and the related financing costs.

The Issuer acknowledges that the purchase of this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond by the Holder hereof or the purchase of any
beneficial interest herein by any Person are made in reliance on the foregoing pledges by the State of Louisiana, the Legislature of Louisiana and the Louisiana Commission.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth therein, the transfer of this Tranche A-2 Energy
Transition Bond may be registered on the Energy Transition Bond Register upon surrender of this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond for registration of transfer at the office or agency designated by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture, duly
endorsed by, or accompanied by, (a) a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee duly executed by the Holder hereof or such Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, with such signature guaranteed by an
institution which is a member of one of the following recognized signature guaranty programs: (i) The Securities Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP); (ii) The New York Stock Exchange Medallion Program (MSP); (iii) The Stock Exchange
Medallion Program (SEMP); or (iv) such other signature guaranty program acceptable to the Indenture Trustee, and (b) such other documents as the Indenture Trustee may require, and thereupon one or more new Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bonds of
Authorized Denominations and in the same aggregate principal amount will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged for any registration of transfer or exchange of this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition
Bond, but the transferor may be required to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any such registration of transfer or exchange, other than exchanges pursuant to Section 2.04 or Section 2.06 of the Indenture not involving any
transfer.

8

Each Holder, by acceptance of a Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond, covenants and agrees that no recourse may be taken, directly or
indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee on the Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bonds or under the Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection therewith, against (a) any owner of a
membership interest in the Issuer (including Cleco Power) or (b) any shareholder, partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer or employee of the Indenture Trustee, the Managers or any owner of a membership interest in the Issuer (including Cleco
Power) in its respective individual or corporate capacities, or of any successor or assign of any of them in their individual or corporate capacities, except as any such Person may have expressly agreed in writing. Each Holder by accepting a
Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond specifically confirms the nonrecourse nature of these obligations and waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Tranche A-2 Energy
Transition Bonds.

Prior to the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond, the Issuer, the Indenture
Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond is registered (as of the day of determination) as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payments of
principal of and premium, if any, and interest on this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond be overdue, and none of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee or
any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and
obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Holders under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer with the consent of the Holders representing a majority of the Outstanding Amount of all Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds at the time
outstanding of each tranche to be affected and upon the satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition and the Louisiana Commission Condition. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders representing specified percentages of the
Outstanding Amount of the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds, on behalf of the Holders of all the Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bonds, with the satisfaction of the Louisiana Commission Condition, to waive compliance by the Issuer with
certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond (or any one of more Predecessor Tranche A-2 Energy
Transition Bonds) shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond and of any Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange
hereof or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond. The Indenture also permits the Indenture Trustee to amend or waive certain terms and conditions set forth in the
Indenture without the consent of Holders issued thereunder, but with the satisfaction of the Louisiana Commission Condition.

9

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of (a) the entire indebtedness of the Issuer on a Series 2025-A Energy
Transition Bond and (b) certain restrictive covenants and the related Events of Default, upon compliance by the Issuer with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture, which provisions apply to this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond.

The term Issuer as used in this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond includes any successor to the Issuer under the Indenture.

The Issuer is permitted by the Indenture, under certain circumstances, to merge or consolidate, subject to the rights of the
Indenture Trustee and the Holders under the Indenture.

The Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bonds are issuable only in registered form in denominations as provided in the Indenture and the
Series Supplement subject to certain limitations therein set forth.

This Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond, the Indenture and the Series Supplement shall be construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of Louisiana, without reference to its conflict of law provisions, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws.

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond or of the Indenture shall alter or
impair the obligation, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond at the times, place and rate and in the coin or currency herein prescribed.

The Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, by entering into the Indenture, and the Holders and any Persons holding a beneficial interest
in any Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond, by acquiring any Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond or interest therein, (a) express their intention that, solely for the purpose of U.S. federal taxes and, to the extent consistent with applicable
state, local and other tax law, solely for the purpose of state, local and other taxes, the Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bonds qualify under applicable tax law as indebtedness of the sole owner of the Issuer secured by the Trust Estate and (b)
solely for purposes of U.S. federal taxes and, to the extent consistent with applicable state, local and other tax law, solely for purposes of state, local and other taxes, so long as any of the Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bonds are
outstanding, agree to treat the Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bonds as indebtedness of the sole owner of the Issuer secured by the Trust Estate unless otherwise required by appropriate taxing authorities.

The Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, by entering into the Indenture, and the Holders and any Persons holding a beneficial interest
in any Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond, by acquiring any Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond or interest therein, expressly agree to be bound by the Intercreditor Agreement.

10

ABBREVIATIONS

The following abbreviations, when used above on this Series 2025-A Energy Transition Bond, shall be construed as though they were
written out in full according to applicable laws or regulations.

TEN COM 

as tenants in common

TEN ENT 

as tenants by the entireties

JT TEN 

as joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common

UNIF GIFT MIN ACT 

___________________ Custodian ______________________

(Custodian)(minor)

Under Uniform Gifts to Minor Act (____________________)

(State)

Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list.

11

ASSIGNMENT

Social Security or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee ____________

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto

(name and address of assignee)

the within Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints ____________, attorney, to
transfer said Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond on the books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated: _______________ 

______________________________________

Signature Guaranteed:

______________________________________

The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on the within Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bond
in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatsoever.

NOTE: Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an institution that is a member of: (i) The Securities Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP); (ii) The
New York Stock Exchange Medallion Program (MSP); (iii) the Stock Exchange Medallion Program (SEMP); or (iv) such other signature guaranty program acceptable to the Indenture Trustee.

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ny20039729x11_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

March 12, 2025

Cleco Securitization II LLC

505 Cleco Drive

Office Number 17

Pineville, LA 71360

Cleco Power LLC

2030 Donahue Ferry Road

Pineville, LA 71360-5226

Re: 

Cleco Securitization II LLC: Exhibit 5.1 (Legality)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to Cleco Securitization II LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company (the Issuer),
in connection with the offering and sale by the Issuer of the Energy Transition Bonds, referred to below, and the related transaction described below. The Issuer and Cleco Power LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company (Cleco Power), in its capacity as sponsor for the Issuer, together filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission their Registration Statement on Form SF-1 on December 17, 2024
(Registration Nos. 333-283875 and 333-283875-01), as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto dated January 27, 2025, including a form of prospectus (collectively, the Registration Statement),
relating to the proposed issuance of up to $305,000,000.00 in aggregate principal amount of Series 2025-A Senior Secured Energy Transition Bonds (the Energy Transition Bonds) of the
Issuer. At your request, this opinion letter is being furnished to you for filing as Exhibit 5.1 to the Issuers Current Report on Form 8-K of each date herewith.

DOCUMENTS EXAMINED

For purposes of giving the opinions hereinafter set forth, our examination of documents has been limited to the examination of the following:

(a)The Articles of Organization of the
Issuer, dated November 21, 2024 (the Articles), as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Louisiana on November 26, 2024;

Cleco Securitization II LLC

Cleco Power LLC

March 12, 2025

Page -2-

(b)The Limited Liability Company
Operating Agreement of the Issuer, dated as of November 21, 2024 (the LLC Agreement), by Cleco Power, as the sole member (the Member)
and the Issuer;

(c)A Certificate of Good Standing for
the Issuer, dated March 10, 2025, obtained from the Louisiana Secretary of State;

(d)The Amended and Restated Management
Agreement dated March 12, 2025, by the Issuers individual Managers;

(e)The Unanimous Written Consents of the
Managers of the Issuer dated December 12, 2024, March 5, 2025, and March 11, 2025;

(f)The Indenture and the Series
Supplement (as so supplemented, the Indenture) each dated as of March 12, 2025, and each between the Issuer and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, as
indenture trustee and securities intermediary, pursuant to which the Energy Transition Bonds are to be issued;

(g)The Sale Agreement dated as of March
12, 2025, between the Issuer and Cleco Power, as Seller;

(h)The Servicing Agreement dated as of
March 12, 2025, between the Issuer and Cleco Power, as Servicer;

(i)The Underwriting Agreement dated
March 5, 2025, among the Issuer, Cleco Power, and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., each as a Representative;

(j)The Registration Statement; and

(k)The Financing Order No. U-37213
approved by the Louisiana Public Service Commission on November 20, 2024, issued on November 27, 2024, pertaining to the Issuer and Cleco Power in Docket No. U-37213 (the Financing Order).

Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined are used as defined in the Registration Statement.

For purposes of this opinion, we have not reviewed any document (other than the documents listed in paragraphs (a) through (k) above) that is
referred to in or incorporated by reference into any document reviewed by us.

Cleco Securitization II LLC

Cleco Power LLC

March 12, 2025

Page -3-

RELIANCE AND ASSUMPTIONS

In our examination, we have assumed the legal capacity of all natural persons, the genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all documents
submitted to us as originals, and the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as certified or photostatic copies or by facsimile or email, and the authenticity of the originals of such latter documents.

For purposes of this opinion, we have assumed (i) except to the extent provided in paragraph 1 below as to the Issuer, that each of the parties to
the documents examined by us has been duly organized or formed, as the case may be, and is validly existing in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction governing its organization or formation, (ii) that there are no proceedings pending or
contemplated for the merger, consolidation, conversion, dissolution, liquidation or termination of the Issuer, (iii) except to the extent provided in paragraph 2 below as to the Issuer, that each of the parties to such documents has the requisite
power and authority, corporate or other, to enter into and perform its obligations under such documents, and (iv) except to the extent provided in paragraph 3 below as to the Issuer, that each of the parties to such documents has duly authorized,
executed and delivered such documents. We have further assumed that there are no documents or agreements between or among the parties to the documents reviewed by us which alter or are inconsistent with the provisions of such documents and which
would have an effect on the opinions expressed in this opinion letter. We have also assumed that the Indenture will be the valid and legally binding obligation of the Trustee.

For purposes of this opinion, we have further assumed that the LLC Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties thereto with respect
to the subject matter thereof, including with respect to the admission of members to, and the creation, operation, dissolution and termination of, the Issuer, the LLC Agreement and the Articles are in full force and effect and have not been
amended, and no amendment of the LLC Agreement or the Articles is pending or has been proposed.

We have examined and relied upon originals, or copies of originals, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction as such records of the
Issuer and such agreements, certificates of public officials, certificates of officers, managers or other representatives of the Issuer and other instruments as we deemed advisable, and examined such questions of law and satisfied ourselves to such
matters of fact as we deemed relevant or necessary as a basis for this opinion letter. As to any facts material to the opinions expressed herein which we have not independently established or verified, we have relied upon statements and
representations of officers and other representatives of the Issuer or others.

OPINIONS

Based upon the foregoing assumptions and subject to the other limitations, assumptions and qualifications set forth below, we are of the opinion
that:

Cleco Securitization II LLC

Cleco Power LLC

March 12, 2025

Page -4-

1.The Issuer has been duly organized
and is validly existing in good standing as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Louisiana.

2.Under the Louisiana Limited
Liability Company Law (La. R.S. 12:1301, et seq.) (the LLC Law) and the LLC Agreement, the Issuer has the limited liability company power and authority to execute and deliver the
Indenture and to issue the Energy Transition Bonds, and to perform its obligations under the Indenture and the Energy Transition Bonds.

3.The execution and delivery by the
Issuer of the Indenture and the Energy Transition Bonds, and the performance by the Issuer of its obligations thereunder, have been duly authorized by all necessary limited liability company action on the part of the Issuer.

4.When properly executed, authenticated
and issued in accordance with the Indenture and delivered against payment of the full purchase price provided for in the Underwriting Agreement, and upon satisfaction of all other conditions contained in the Indenture and the Underwriting
Agreement, the Energy Transition Bonds will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Issuer and the Energy Transition Bonds will be enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with their terms, except to the extent enforceability
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally and by general principles of equity (regardless of
whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), including (without limitation) concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing which among other effects may limit the availability of certain
remedies, such as injunctive relief and specific performance.

EXCEPTIONS AND QUALIFICATIONS

This opinion is limited to the laws of the State of Louisiana (excluding the securities and blue sky laws of the State of Louisiana), and we have
not considered and express no opinion on the laws of any other jurisdiction, including federal laws (including federal bankruptcy law) and rules and regulations relating thereto or the laws of any other state or any foreign jurisdiction or any
matters of municipal or other local law. Our opinions are rendered only with respect to Louisiana laws and rules, regulations and orders thereunder that are currently in effect. In rendering the opinions set forth herein, we express no opinion
concerning (i) the creation, attachment, perfection or priority of any security interest, lien or other encumbrance, or (ii) the nature or validity of title to any property.

The opinions contained herein are given only as of the date of this opinion letter. No opinion is expressed herein as to the effect of any future
acts of the parties or changes in existing law. We undertake no responsibility and disclaim any obligation to supplement this opinion or otherwise advise you or any other person of any change after the date hereof in the law (whether
constitutional, statutory, regulatory, or judicial) or the facts presently in effect or assumed herein, even though such change may alter the scope or substance of the opinions herein expressed or affect the legal or factual statements or
assumptions herein. We shall have no obligation to revise or reissue this opinion with respect to any transaction which occurs after the date hereof, and we undertake no responsibility or obligation to consider this opinions applicability or
correctness to any person other than its addressees. This letter expresses our legal opinion as to the foregoing matters based on our professional judgment at this time; it is not, however, to be construed as a guaranty, nor is it a warranty that
a court considering such matters would not rule in a manner contrary to the opinions set forth above.

Cleco Securitization II LLC

Cleco Power LLC

March 12, 2025

Page -5-

We are furnishing this opinion letter to you solely in connection with the issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds described above, and this opinion
letter may be relied upon only by you, and is not to be used, relied on, circulated, quoted or otherwise referred to for any other purpose, except that a copy of this letter may be posted by, or at the direction of, the Issuer or an addressee to a
password-protected internet website required under Rule 17g-5 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and maintained by the Issuer in connection with the ratings on the Bonds by any nationally recognized statistical
rating organization (NRSRO) solely for the purpose of compliance with such rule or undertakings pursuant thereto made by the Issuer. Such permission to post a copy of this letter to
such website shall not be construed to entitle any person (including, without limitation, any credit rating agency, any governmental or regulatory agency and all purchasers of the Bonds) who is not an addressee hereof to rely on this opinion
letter. Each such NRSRO, by accessing a copy of this opinion letter, will be deemed to have agreed to keep this opinion letter confidential as contemplated by Rule 17g-5. However, we hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter as an
exhibit to your Current Report on Form 8-K of even date herewith and to the references to this Firm in the Prospectus dated March 5, 2025, under the section captioned Legal Matters. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are
within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, or the related rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder.

Yours very truly,

/s/ Phelps Dunbar, L.L.P
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-8.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ny20039729x11_ex8-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 8.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 8.1

March 12, 2025

Cleco Securitization II LLC

505 Cleco Drive

Office Number 17

Pineville, LA 71360

Cleco Power LLC

2030 Donahue Ferry Road

Pineville, LA 71360-5226

Re: 

Cleco Securitization II LLC: Exhibit 8.1 U.S. Federal Tax Matters

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to Cleco Securitization II LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company (the Issuer),

and Cleco Power LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company (Cleco Power), in connection with the issuance by the Issuer of the $305,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its Series
2025-A Senior Secured Energy Transition Bonds (the Energy Transition Bonds), and the related transactions described below. At your request, this opinion is being furnished to you for
filing as Exhibit 8.1 to the Issuers Current Report on Form 8-K of even date herewith.

DOCUMENTS EXAMINED

For purposes of giving the opinions hereinafter set forth, our examination of documents has been limited to the examination of the following:

(a)The Articles of Organization of the
Issuer, dated November 21, 2024 (the Articles of Organization), as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Louisiana (the Secretary of State) on November 26, 2024;

(b)The Limited Liability Company
Operating Agreement of the Issuer, dated as of November 21, 2024 (the LLC Agreement), by Cleco Power, as the single member, and the Issuer;

(c)A Certificate of Good Standing for
the Issuer, dated March 10, 2025, obtained from the Louisiana Secretary of State;

(d)Resolutions of the Managers of the
Issuer dated December 12, 2024, March 5, 2025, and March 11, 2025;

Cleco Securitization II LLC

Cleco Power LLC

March 12, 2025

Page: 2

(e)The Indenture and the Series
Supplement each dated as of March 12, 2025, between the Issuer and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, pursuant to which the Energy Transition Bonds are issued;

(f)The Energy Transition Property Sale
Agreement dated as of March 12, 2025, by and between the Issuer and Cleco Power, and the related Bill of Sale dated as of March 12, 2025, between the Issuer and Cleco Power;

(g)The Energy Transition Property
Servicing Agreement dated as of March 12, 2025, by and between the Issuer and Cleco Power;

(h)The Administration Agreement dated
as of March 12, 2025, by and between the Issuer and Cleco Power;

(i)The Registration Statement, dated
December 17, 2024 (Registration Nos. 333-283875 and 333-283875-01), as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto dated January 27, 2025, including a form of prospectus (collectively, the Registration
Statement), relating to the Energy Transition Bonds;

(j)The Prospectus dated March 5, 2025
(the Prospectus) filed by the Issuer and Cleco Power under Rule 424 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and

(k)The Financing Order No. U-37213
issued by the Louisiana Public Service Commission (the LPSC) on November 27, 2024, pertaining to the Issuer and the Company in Docket No. U-37213 (the Financing Order).

Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined are used as defined in Appendix A to the Indenture. The documents listed in paragraphs (e)
through (h) above and the Energy Transition Bonds are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Transaction Documents.

For purposes of this opinion, we have not reviewed any documents other than the documents listed in paragraphs (a) through (k) above. In
particular, for purposes of this opinion we have not reviewed any document (other than the documents listed in paragraphs (a) through (k) above) that is referred to in or incorporated by reference into any document reviewed by us.

Cleco Securitization II LLC

Cleco Power LLC

March 12, 2025

Page: 3

RELIANCE AND ASSUMPTIONS

In our examination, we have assumed the legal capacity of all natural persons, the genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all
documents submitted to us as originals, and the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as certified or photostatic copies or by facsimile or email, and the authenticity of the originals of such latter documents. For
purposes of this opinion, we have assumed (i) that each of the parties to the documents examined by us has been duly organized or formed, as the case may be, and is validly existing in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction governing
its organization or formation, (ii) that there are no proceedings pending or contemplated for the merger, consolidation, conversion, dissolution, liquidation or termination of the Issuer, (iii) that each of the parties to such documents has the
requisite power and authority, corporate or other, to enter into and perform its obligations under such documents, and (iv) that each of the parties to such documents has duly authorized, executed and delivered such documents. We have further
assumed that there are no documents or agreements between or among the parties to the documents reviewed by us which alter or are inconsistent with the provisions of such documents and which would have an effect on the opinions expressed in this
opinion letter. Further, for purposes of this opinion we have assumed that the Securitization Act (as defined in the Prospectus) and the Financing Order are valid, comply with Louisiana law, are in full force and effect, and are final and
non-appealable.

We have made no independent investigation of the facts referred to herein, and with respect to such facts have relied, for the purpose of
rendering this opinion and except as otherwise stated herein, exclusively on the statements contained and matters provided for in the Transaction Documents, the Registration Statement and such other documents and certificates relating to this
transaction as we deemed advisable, including the factual representations, warranties and covenants contained therein as made by the respective parties thereto, and certificates of government officials.

In addition, we have assumed that (i) the Energy Transition Bonds will be issued in accordance with the operative documents described in the
Prospectus, and (ii) the Energy Transition Charges, the Energy Transition Property and amounts held in the reserve accounts created pursuant to the Indenture will be received and held in accordance with the operative documents described in the
Prospectus.

Our opinions are also based on the assumption that (i) the issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds and the other transactions set forth in or
contemplated by the Prospectus and the Transaction Documents are not part of another transaction or another series of transactions that would require the Issuer, any investor or any other participant to treat such transaction or transactions as
subject to the reporting, disclosure, or list maintenance requirements of Section 6011, 6111 or 6112 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and (ii) the Issuer
has not made and will not make an election under Treasury Regulations 301.7701-3(c)(1) to be classified as an entity separate from Cleco Power, its single member, for U.S. federal tax purposes.

THIS OPINION WAS WRITTEN TO SUPPORT THE PROMOTION AND MARKETING BY OTHERS OF THE ENERGY TRANSITION BONDS AND WAS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE
USED BY ANY PERSON FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING U.S. FEDERAL TAX PENALTIES. EACH POTENTIAL INVESTOR IN THE ENERGY TRANSITION BONDS SHOULD SEEK ADVICE BASED UPON ITS PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX ADVISOR.

Cleco Securitization II LLC

Cleco Power LLC

March 12, 2025

Page: 4

OPINIONS

Based on the foregoing and the assumptions and representations set forth in the Prospectus and subject to the
limitations, assumptions, exceptions and qualifications set forth below, we are of the opinion that for U.S. federal income tax purposes:

a. 

the Issuer will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax as an entity separate from Cleco Power (its single member);

b. 

the Energy Transition Bonds will be treated as obligations of Cleco Power for U.S. federal income tax purposes as expressly set forth in section 6.02 of Revenue Procedure
2005-62, 2005-2 C.B. 507, as modified by Revenue Procedure 2024-15, 2024-12 I.R.B. 717 (the Revenue Procedure); and

c. 

the issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds will be a qualifying securitization within the meaning of the Revenue Procedure.

Further, the statements set forth in the Prospectus under the sections captioned Prospectus Summary of Terms Federal Income Tax
Status and Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences, to the extent they constitute matters of U.S. federal income tax law or legal conclusions with respect thereto, have been prepared or reviewed by us and provide a fair summary and are
correct in all material respects.

EXCEPTIONS AND QUALIFICATIONS

Our opinions and other statements are limited to the U.S. federal income tax matters specifically covered hereby, and we have not been asked to
address, nor have we addressed, and make no statement as to any other tax consequences regarding the transaction referred to above or any other transaction or any matters. Additional issues may exist that could affect the U.S. federal tax
treatment of the transaction that is the subject of this opinion, and this opinion does not consider or provide a conclusion with respect to any such additional issues. Our opinions are based on the current provisions of the Code and the
Treasury Regulations promulgated or proposed thereunder, revenue rulings, revenue procedures and other published releases of the Internal Revenue Service, and current case law, all as of the date hereof, all of which are subject to change with
prospective or retroactive effect, and our opinions could be adversely affected or rendered obsolete by any such change. There can be no assurance that contrary positions will not be taken by the Internal Revenue Service.

Cleco Securitization II LLC

Cleco Power LLC

March 12, 2025

Page: 5

The opinions contained herein are given only as of the date of this opinion letter. No opinion is expressed herein as to the effect of any future
acts of the parties or changes in existing law. We undertake no responsibility and disclaim any obligation to supplement this opinion or otherwise advise you or any other person of any change after the date hereof in the law (whether
constitutional, statutory, regulatory, or judicial) or the facts presently in effect or assumed herein, even though such change may alter the scope or substance of the opinions herein expressed or affect the legal or factual statements or
assumptions herein. We shall have no obligation to revise or reissue this opinion with respect to any transaction which occurs after the date hereof, and we undertake no responsibility or obligation to consider this opinions applicability or
correctness to any person other than its addressees. This letter expresses our legal opinion as to the foregoing matters based on our professional judgment at this time; it is not, however, to be construed as a guaranty, nor is it a warranty
that a court considering such matters would not rule in a manner contrary to the opinions set forth above.

We are furnishing this opinion letter to you solely in connection with the issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds
described above, and this opinion letter is not to be relied on, circulated, quoted or otherwise used or referred to for any other purpose, except that a copy of this letter may be posted by, or at the direction of, the Issuer or an addressee to
a password-protected internet website required under Rule 17g-5 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and maintained by the Issuer in connection with the ratings on the Bonds by any nationally recognized statistical
rating organization (NRSRO) solely for the purpose of compliance with such rule or undertakings pursuant thereto made by the Issuer. Such permission to post a copy of this letter to
such website shall not be construed to entitle any person (including, without limitation, any credit rating agency, any governmental or regulatory agency and all purchasers of the Bonds) who is not an addressee hereof to rely on this opinion
letter. Each such NRSRO, by accessing a copy of this opinion letter, will be deemed to have agreed to keep this opinion letter confidential as contemplated by Rule 17g-5. However, we hereby consent to the filing
of this opinion letter as an Exhibit to the Issuers Current Report on Form 8-K of even date herewith and to the references to this Firm in the Prospectus under the sections captioned Prospectus Summary of Terms Federal Income Tax Status and
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, or the rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Phelps Dunbar, L.L.P.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ny20039729x11_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

ENERGY TRANSITION PROPERTY SERVICING AGREEMENT

by and between

CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC

Issuer

and

CLECO POWER LLC

Servicer

Acknowledged and Accepted by

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Indenture Trustee

Dated as of March 12, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Table of Contents

Page

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION 

2

Section 1.01 

DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 

2

ARTICLE II APPOINTMENT AND AUTHORIZATION OF SERVICER 

2

Section 2.01 

APPOINTMENT OF THE SERVICER; ACCEPTANCE OF APPOINTMENT. 

2

Section 2.02 

AUTHORIZATION. 

2

Section 2.03 

DOMINION AND CONTROL OVER ENERGY TRANSITION PROPERTY. 

2

ARTICLE III ROLE OF THE SERVICER 

3

Section 3.01 

DUTIES OF THE SERVICER. 

3

Section 3.02 

SERVICING AND MAINTENANCE STANDARDS. 

6

Section 3.03 

ANNUAL REPORTS ON COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION AB. 7

Section 3.04 

ANNUAL REGISTERED INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM REPORT. 

8

Section 3.05 

THIRD-PARTY SUPPLIERS. 

9

ARTICLE IV SERVICES RELATED TO ENERGY TRANSITION CHARGE ADJUSTMENTS AND ALLOCATION ADJUSTMENTS 

9

Section 4.01 

ENERGY TRANSITION CHARGE ADJUSTMENTS. 

9

Section 4.02 

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 

12

ARTICLE V THE ENERGY TRANSITION PROPERTY 

13

Section 5.01 

CUSTODY OF ENERGY TRANSITION PROPERTY RECORDS. 

13

Section 5.02 

DUTIES OF SERVICER AS CUSTODIAN. 

13

Section 5.03 

CUSTODIANS INDEMNIFICATION. 

15

Section 5.04 

EFFECTIVE PERIOD AND TERMINATION. 

16

ARTICLE VI THE SERVICER 

16

Section 6.01 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SERVICER. 

16

Section 6.02 

INDEMNITIES OF THE SERVICER; RELEASE OF CLAIMS. 

18

Section 6.03 

MERGER OR CONSOLIDATION OF, OR ASSUMPTION OF THE OBLIGATIONS OF, THE SERVICER. 

22

Section 6.04 

ASSIGNMENT OF THE SERVICERS OBLIGATIONS. 

23

Section 6.05 

LIMITATION ON LIABILITY OF THE SERVICER AND OTHERS. 

24

Section 6.06 

CLECO POWER NOT TO RESIGN AS SERVICER. 

24

Section 6.07 

SERVICING COMPENSATION. 

24

Section 6.08 

COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW. 

26

Section 6.09 

SERVICER EXPENSES. 

26

Section 6.10 

APPOINTMENTS. 

26

i

Section 6.11 

NO SERVICER ADVANCES. 26

Section 6.12 

REMITTANCES. 

27

Section 6.13 

PROTECTION OF TITLE. 

27

Section 6.14 

MAINTENANCE OF OPERATIONS. 

28

ARTICLE VII SERVICER DEFAULT 

28

Section 7.01 

SERVICER DEFAULT. 

28

Section 7.02 

NOTICE OF SERVICER DEFAULT. 

30

Section 7.03 

WAIVER OF PAST DEFAULTS. 

30

Section 7.04 

APPOINTMENT OF SUCCESSOR. 

30

Section 7.05 

COOPERATION WITH SUCCESSOR. 

31

ARTICLE VIII MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

31

Section 8.01 

AMENDMENT. 

31

Section 8.02 

NOTICES. 32

Section 8.03 

ASSIGNMENT. 

32

Section 8.04 

LIMITATIONS ON RIGHTS OF OTHERS. 

32

Section 8.05 

SEVERABILITY. 

33

Section 8.06 

SEPARATE COUNTERPARTS. 

33

Section 8.07 

HEADINGS. 

33

Section 8.08 

GOVERNING LAW. 

33

Section 8.09 

PLEDGE TO THE TRUSTEE. 

33

Section 8.10 

NONPETITION COVENANTS. 

34

Section 8.11 

TERMINATION. 

34

Section 8.12 

LPSC CONSENT. 

34

Section 8.13 

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. 

35

Section 8.14 

RULE 17g-5 COMPLIANCE. 

35

Section 8.15 

TRUSTEE ACTIONS. 

35

SCHEDULES, EXHIBITS AND ANNEXES

SCHEDULE 4.01(a)(1) EXPECTED AMORTIZATION SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE 4.01(a)(2) EXPECTED SINKING FUND SCHEDULE

EXHIBIT A FORM OF MONTHLY SERVICERS CERTIFICATE

EXHIBIT B FORM OF SEMI-ANNUAL SERVICERS CERTIFICATE

EXHIBIT C-1 FORM OF SERVICERS ANNUAL COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

EXHIBIT C-2 FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE

ANNEX 1 SERVICING PROCEDURES

APPENDIX

APPENDIX A DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION

ii

ENERGY TRANSITION PROPERTY SERVICING AGREEMENT dated as of March 12, 2025 (this Agreement) by and between CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company (the Issuer), and CLECO POWER LLC, a
Louisiana limited liability company (Cleco Power), as the servicer of the Energy Transition Property hereunder (together with each successor to Cleco Power in such capacity pursuant to Section 6.03 or 7.04, the Servicer), and acknowledged and
accepted by THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as Indenture Trustee.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Securitization Act and the Financing Order, Cleco Power, in its capacity as seller under the Sale Agreement (the Seller), and the Issuer are concurrently entering into the Sale Agreement
pursuant to which the Seller is selling and the Issuer is purchasing the Energy Transition Property created pursuant to the Securitization Act and the Financing Order;

WHEREAS, in connection with its ownership of the Energy Transition Property and in order to collect the Energy Transition Charges, the Issuer desires to engage the Servicer to carry out the functions described herein
and the Servicer desires to be so engaged;

WHEREAS, the Issuer desires to engage the Servicer to act on its behalf in obtaining Energy Transition Charge Adjustments from the LPSC and the Servicer desires to be so engaged;

WHEREAS, the Financing Order calls for the Servicer to execute a servicing agreement with the Issuer pursuant to which the Servicer will be required, among other things, to impose and collect the Energy Transition
Charges for the benefit and account of the Issuer, to account for and remit the Energy Transition Charges to the Trustee on behalf and for the account of the Issuer in accordance with the remittance procedures contained hereunder without any
deduction or surcharge of any kind, and to make periodic Energy Transition Charge Adjustments required or allowed by the Financing Order;

WHEREAS, the Energy Transition Charges may be separately identified on Customers Bills or included on the line item on Customers Bills for (and with) other securitization charges and the ETC Collections initially
will be commingled with other funds collected from Customers;

WHEREAS, a number of parties may have an interest in such commingled collections, and such parties have entered into an Intercreditor Agreement as of the date hereof that allows the party acting as the Utility (as
defined therein) to allocate the collected, commingled funds according to each interested partys interest therein; and

WHEREAS, the Financing Order provides that the LPSC will enforce the obligations imposed by the Financing Order, the LPSCs applicable substantive rules, and applicable statutory provisions.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION

Section 1.01 DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the respective meanings given to such
terms in Appendix A, which is hereby incorporated by reference into this Agreement as if set forth fully in this Agreement. Not all terms defined in Appendix A are used in this Agreement. The rules of construction set forth in Appendix

A shall apply to this Agreement and are hereby incorporated by reference into this Agreement as if set forth fully in this Agreement.

ARTICLE II

APPOINTMENT AND AUTHORIZATION OF SERVICER

Section 2.01 APPOINTMENT OF THE SERVICER; ACCEPTANCE OF APPOINTMENT. The Issuer hereby appoints the Servicer, as an independent contractor, and the Servicer hereby
accepts such appointment, to perform the Servicers obligations pursuant to this Agreement on behalf of and for the benefit of the Issuer or any assignee thereof (or the financing parties) in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. This
appointment and the Servicers acceptance thereof may not be revoked except in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement.

Section 2.02 AUTHORIZATION. With respect to all or any portion of the Energy Transition Property, the Servicer shall be, and hereby is, authorized and empowered by the
Issuer to:

(a) execute and deliver, on behalf of itself and/or the Issuer, as the case may be, any and all instruments, documents or notices, and

(b) on behalf of itself and/or the Issuer, as the case may be, make any filing and participate in Proceedings related to the duties of the Servicer
hereunder with any Governmental Authorities, including with the LPSC.

The Issuer shall furnish the Servicer with all executed documents as have been prepared by the Servicer for execution by the Issuer, and with such other documents as may be in the Issuers possession, as in each case as the Servicer may
determine to be necessary or appropriate to enable the Servicer to carry out its servicing and other duties hereunder. Upon the written request of the Servicer, the Issuer shall furnish the Servicer with any powers of attorney or other documents
necessary or appropriate to enable the Servicer to carry out its duties hereunder.

Section 2.03 DOMINION AND CONTROL OVER ENERGY TRANSITION PROPERTY. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, the Servicer and the Issuer agree that the
Issuer shall have dominion and control over the Energy Transition Property, and the Servicer, in accordance with the terms hereof, is acting solely as the servicing agent of and custodian for the Issuer with respect to the Energy Transition
Property and Energy Transition Property Documentation. The Servicer hereby agrees that it shall not take any action that is not authorized by this Agreement or the Financing Order, that is not consistent with its customary procedures and practices,
or that shall impair the rights of the Issuer with respect to the Energy Transition Property, in each case unless such action is required by applicable law or court or regulatory order.

2

ARTICLE III

ROLE OF THE SERVICER

Section 3.01 DUTIES OF THE SERVICER. The Servicer, as agent for the Issuer (to the extent provided herein), shall have the following duties:

(a)Duties of Servicer Generally. The Servicers duties in general shall include:

(i) calculating and billing the Energy Transition Charges;

(ii) obtaining meter reads;

(iii) accounting for Energy Transition Charges;

(iv) investigating and handling delinquencies (and furnishing required reports with respect to such delinquencies to the Issuer);

(v) processing and depositing collections and making periodic remittances;

(vi) furnishing periodic and current reports to the Issuer, the Trustee, the LPSC and the Rating Agencies;

(vii) monitoring Customer payments of Energy Transition Charges;

(viii) notifying each Customer of any defaults in its payment obligations and other obligations (including its credit standards), and following such
collection procedures as it follows with respect to comparable assets that it services for itself or others;

(ix) collecting payments of Energy Transition Charges and payments with respect to Energy Transition Property from all persons or entities
responsible for paying Energy Transition Charges and other payments with respect to Energy Transition Property to the Servicer under the Financing Order, the Securitization Act, LPSC Regulations or applicable rate schedules and remitting these
collections to the Trustee; provided, however, the Issuer and the Servicer acknowledge and agree that pursuant to and as permitted in the Intercreditor Agreement, payments in respect of Energy Transition Charges and the Energy Transition Property
may be deposited initially into an account held and processed by Cleco Power in its capacity as the Utility for the benefit of the Servicer, and that Cleco Power in its individual capacity may be replaced as the holder of such account by a
Successor Servicer or Designated Account Holder as those terms are defined and as set forth more fully in the Intercreditor Agreement;

3

(x) responding to inquiries by Customers, the LPSC or any other Governmental Authority with respect to the Energy Transition Property and the Energy
Transition Charges;

(xi) making all required filings with the LPSC and taking such other action as may be necessary to perfect the Issuers ownership interests in and
the Trustees first priority Lien on the Energy Transition Property and other portions of the Trust Estate; making all filings and taking such other action as may be necessary to perfect and maintain the perfection and priority of the Trustees
Lien on the Trust Estate;

(xii) (a) providing certified calculations and other information reasonably requested by agents appointed by the Servicer to enable those agents to
perform collection services, if any, properly under the Intercreditor Agreement and (b) monitoring the collections of the agents, if applicable, for compliance with the Intercreditor Agreement;

(xiii) selling, as the agent for the Issuer, defaulted or written off accounts in accordance with the Servicers usual and customary practices;

(xiv) taking action in connection with Energy Transition Charge Adjustments and allocation of the charges among various classes of Customers as is set
forth herein and pursuant to the Financing Order;

(xv) any other duties specified under the Financing Order to be performed by it.

Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, the duties of the Servicer set forth in this Agreement shall be qualified in their entirety by, and the Servicer shall at all times comply with, the Financing Order, the Securitization Act and any LPSC
Regulations, and the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, including, without limitation, Regulation AB and Rule 17g-5, as in effect at the time such duties are to be performed. Without limiting the
generality of this Section 3.01(a), in furtherance of the foregoing, the Servicer hereby agrees that it shall also have, and shall comply with, the duties and responsibilities relating to data acquisition, usage and bill calculation, billing,
customer service functions, collections, payment processing and remittance set forth in Annex 1, as it may be amended from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, the term usage when used herein refers to both kilowatt hour consumption and
kilowatt demand.

(b)Reporting Functions.

4

(i)Monthly Servicers Certificate. On or before the last Servicer Business Day of each month, the Servicer shall prepare and deliver to
the Issuer, the Trustee and the Rating Agencies a written report substantially in the form of Exhibit A (a Monthly Servicers Certificate) setting forth certain information relating to Energy Transition
Charge payments in connection with the Energy Transition Charges received by the Servicer during the Collection Period preceding such date; provided, however, that, for any month in which the Servicer is required to deliver a Semi-Annual Servicers
Certificate pursuant to Section 4.01(g)(i), the Servicer shall prepare and deliver the Monthly Servicers Certificate no later than the date of delivery of such Semi-Annual Servicers Certificate.

(ii)Notification of Laws and Regulations. The Servicer shall immediately notify the Issuer, the Trustee
and each Rating Agency in writing when it becomes aware of any Requirement of Law or LPSC Regulations, orders or directions hereafter promulgated that have a material adverse effect on the Servicers ability to perform its duties under this
Agreement.

(iii)Other Information. Upon the reasonable request of the Issuer, the Trustee or any Rating Agency, the
Servicer shall provide to the Issuer, the Trustee or such Rating Agency, as the case may be, any public financial information in respect of the Servicer, or any material information regarding the Energy Transition Property to the extent it is
reasonably available to the Servicer, that may be reasonably necessary and permitted by applicable law for the Issuer, the Trustee or such Rating Agency to monitor the performance by the Servicer hereunder; provided however, that any such request
by the Trustee shall not create any obligation for the Trustee to monitor the performance of the Servicer. In addition, so long as any of the Energy Transition Bonds are Outstanding, the Servicer shall provide to the Issuer and to the Trustee,
within a reasonable time after written request therefor, any information available to the Servicer or reasonably obtainable by it that is necessary to calculate the Energy Transition Charges applicable to each Customer Class.

(iv)Preparation of Reports. The Servicer shall prepare and deliver such additional reports as required
under this Agreement, including a copy of each Semi-Annual Servicers Certificate described in Section 4.01(g)(i), the annual Servicers Compliance Certificate and Certificate of Compliance described in Section 3.03, and the Annual Accountants
Report described in Section 3.04. In addition, the Servicer shall prepare, procure, deliver and/or file, or cause to be prepared, procured, delivered or filed, any reports, attestations, exhibits, certificates or other documents required to be
delivered or filed with the SEC (and/or any other Governmental Authority) by the Issuer or the Sponsor under the U.S. federal securities or other applicable laws or in accordance with the Basic Documents, including, but without limiting the
generality of foregoing, filing with the SEC, if applicable and required by applicable law, a copy or copies of (A) the Monthly Servicers Certificates described in Section 3.01(b)(i) above (under Form 10-D or any other applicable form), (B) the
Semi-Annual Servicers Certificates described in Section 4.01(g)(i) (under Form 10-D or any other applicable form), (C) the annual statements of compliance, attestation reports and other certificates described in Section 3.03, and (D) the Annual
Accountants Report (and any attestation required under Regulation AB) described in Section 3.04. In addition, the appropriate officer or officers of the Servicer shall (in its separate capacity as Servicer) sign the Issuers annual report on Form
10-K (and any other applicable SEC or other reports, attestations, certifications and other documents), to the extent that the Servicers signature is required by, and consistent with, the U.S. federal securities laws and/or any other applicable
law.

5

(c)Opinions of Counsel.

The Servicer shall obtain on behalf of the Issuer and deliver to the Issuer and to the Trustee:

(i) promptly after the execution and delivery of this Agreement and of each amendment hereto, an Opinion of Counsel either:

(A) all actions or filings (including filings with the Louisiana UCC Filing Officer in accordance with the rules prescribed under the Securitization
Act and the UCC) necessary to perfect the Lien and security interest created by the Indenture have been taken or made, and reciting the details of such actions and filings, or

(B) no such actions or filings are necessary to perfect such Lien and security interest.

(ii) on or before March 31 in each calendar year beginning with the first calendar year beginning March 31, 2026, an Opinion of Counsel, dated as of
a date during such calendar year, either:

(A) all actions or filings (including filings and refilings with the Louisiana UCC Filing Officer in accordance with the rules prescribed under the
Securitization Act and the UCC) necessary to maintain perfection of the Lien and security interest created by the Indenture have been taken or made, and reciting the details of such actions and filings, or

(B) no such actions or filings are necessary to maintain the perfection of such Lien and security interest.

Each Opinion of Counsel referred to in clause (i) or (ii) above shall specify any action necessary (as of the date of such opinion) to be taken in the following year to preserve and protect such Lien and security interests.

Section 3.02 SERVICING AND MAINTENANCE STANDARDS. The Servicer shall, on behalf of the Issuer:

(a) manage, service, administer and make collections in respect of the Energy Transition Property with reasonable care and in material compliance
with applicable law and regulations, including all applicable LPSC Regulations and guidelines, using the same degree of care and diligence that the Servicer exercises with respect to similar assets for its own account;

6

(b) follow standards, policies and practices in performing its duties as Servicer that are customary in the electric transmission and distribution
industry or that the LPSC has mandated and that are consistent with the terms and provisions of the Financing Order, Rate Schedules and existing law;

(c) use all reasonable efforts, consistent with the Servicers Policies and Practices, to enforce and maintain the Issuers and the Trustees rights
in respect of the Energy Transition Property;

(d) calculate Energy Transition Charges and the allocation of Energy Transition Charges among Customer Classes in compliance with the Securitization
Act, the Financing Order, any LPSC order related to the Energy Transition Charge allocation and any applicable rate schedules;

(e) use all reasonable efforts consistent with the Servicers Policies and Practices to collect all amounts owed in respect of the Energy Transition
Property as they become due;

(f) as required by the Intercreditor Agreement, provide all reports to the parties to the Intercreditor Agreement as are necessary to effect
collection, allocation and remittance of payments in respect of Energy Transition Charges and other collected funds in accordance with this Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement;

(g) make all filings required under the Securitization Act or the applicable UCC to maintain the perfected security interest of the Trustee in the
Energy Transition Property and the other portions of the Trust Estate under the Indenture and use all reasonable efforts to otherwise enforce and maintain the Trustees rights in respect of the Energy Transition Property and the other portions of
the Trust Estate under the Indenture;

(h) petition the LPSC for adjustments to the Energy Transition Charges that the Servicer determines to be necessary in accordance with the Financing
Order; and

(i) keep on file, in accordance with customary procedures, all documents pertaining to the Energy Transition Property and maintain accurate and
complete accounts, records and computer systems pertaining to the Energy Transition Property

except where the failure to comply with any of the foregoing would not materially and adversely affect the Issuers or the Trustees respective interests in the Energy Transition Property. The Servicer shall follow such customary and usual
practices and procedures as it shall deem necessary or advisable in its servicing of all or any portion of the Energy Transition Property, which, in the Servicers judgment, may include the taking of legal action pursuant to Section 5.02(d) hereof
or otherwise.

Section 3.03 ANNUAL REPORTS ON COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION AB.

7

(a) The Servicer shall deliver to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Rating Agencies, on or before the earlier of (i) March 31 of each year, beginning
March 31, 2026, to and including the March 31 succeeding the retirement of all Energy Transition Bonds or (ii) with respect to each calendar year during which Cleco Powers annual report on Form 10-K is required to be filed in accordance with the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, the date on which the annual report on Form 10-K is required to be filed in accordance with the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, certificates from a Servicer Responsible
Officer (A) containing, and certifying as to, the statements of compliance required by Item 1123 (or any successor or similar items or rule) of Regulation AB, as then in effect (the Annual Compliance Certificate), and (B) containing, and
certifying as to, the statements and assessment of compliance required by Item 1122(a) (or any successor or similar items or rule) of Regulation AB, as then in effect (the Certificate of Compliance), which may be in the form of, or shall include
the forms attached hereto as Exhibit C-1 and Exhibit C-2 hereto, with such changes as may be required to conform to applicable U.S. federal securities law.

(b) The Servicer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain from each other party participating in the servicing function any additional
certifications as to the statements and assessment required under Item 1122 (or any successor or similar items or rule) or Item 1123 (or any successor or similar items or rule) of Regulation AB to the extent required in connection with the filing
of the Issuers annual report on Form 10-K; provided, however, that a failure to obtain such certifications shall not be a breach of the Servicers duties hereunder. The parties acknowledge that the Trustees certifications shall be limited to the
Item 1122 certifications described in Exhibit C of the Indenture.

(c) The initial Servicer, in its capacity as Sponsor, shall post on its or its parent companys website and file with or furnish to the SEC, in
periodic reports and other reports as are required from time to time under Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the information described in Section 3.07(g) of the Indenture to the extent such information is reasonably available to the
Sponsor.

(d) Except to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Issuer shall not voluntarily suspend or terminate its filing obligations under Section 13
or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act as an issuing entity with the SEC.

Section 3.04 ANNUAL REGISTERED INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM REPORT.

8

(a) The Servicer shall cause a registered independent public accounting firm (which may also provide other services to the Servicer or the Seller)
to prepare annually, and the Servicer shall deliver annually to the Issuer, the Trustee and each Rating Agency, on or before the earlier of (a) March 31 of each year, beginning March 31, 2026, to and including the March 31 succeeding the retirement
of all Energy Transition Bonds or (b) with respect to each calendar year during which the Issuers annual report on Form 10-K is required to be filed in accordance with the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, the date on which
the Issuers annual report on Form 10-K is required to be filed in accordance with the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, a report addressed to the Servicer (the Annual Accountants Report), which may be included as part of
the Servicers assessment of compliance with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB during the immediately preceding calendar year ended December 31 (or, in the case of the first Annual Accountants Report, to be
delivered on or before March 31, 2026, the period of time from the date of this Agreement through December 31, 2025), in accordance with paragraph (b) of Rule 13a-18 and Rule 15d-18 of the Exchange Act and Item 1122 of Regulation AB, identifying
the results of such procedures and including any exceptions noted. In the event that such accounting firm requires the Trustee or the Issuer to agree or consent to the procedures performed by such firm, the Issuer shall direct the Trustee in
writing to so agree; it being understood and agreed that the Trustee shall deliver such letter of agreement or consent in conclusive reliance upon the direction of the Issuer, and the Trustee shall not make any independent inquiry or investigation
as to, and shall have no obligation or liability in respect of, the sufficiency, validity or correctness of such procedures.

(b) The Annual Accountants Report shall also indicate that the accounting firm providing such report is independent of the Servicer within the
meaning of the Code of Professional Ethics of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and in accordance with the rules of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, and shall include any attestation report required under Item
1122(b) of Regulation AB (or any successor or similar items or rule), as then in effect. The costs of the Annual Accountants Report shall be reimbursable as an Operating Expense under the Indenture.

Section 3.05 THIRD-PARTY SUPPLIERS. So long as any of the Energy Transition Bonds are Outstanding, the Servicer shall take reasonable efforts to assure that no
Third-Party Supplier bills or collects Energy Transition Charges on behalf of the Issuer unless permitted by applicable law or regulation and, to the extent permitted by applicable law or regulation, the Rating Agency Condition is satisfied. As
long as any of the Energy Transition Bonds are Outstanding, the Servicer will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any Third-Party Supplier provide to the Issuer and to the Trustee, within a reasonable time after written request
therefor, any information available to the Third-Party Supplier or reasonably obtainable by it that is necessary to calculate the Energy Transition Charges.

ARTICLE IV

SERVICES RELATED TO ENERGY TRANSITION CHARGE ADJUSTMENTS AND ALLOCATION ADJUSTMENTS

Section 4.01 ENERGY TRANSITION CHARGE ADJUSTMENTS. From time to time, but at least semi-annually, until the retirement of the Energy Transition Bonds, the Servicer
shall identify the need for Energy Transition Charge Adjustments and shall take reasonable action to obtain and implement such Energy Transition Charge Adjustments, all in accordance with the following:

(a)Expected Amortization Schedule; Expected Sinking Fund Schedule. The Expected Amortization Schedule for
the Energy Transition Bonds is attached hereto as Schedule 4.01(a)(1). The Expected Sinking Fund Schedule for the Energy Transition Bonds is attached hereto as Schedule 4.01(a)(2).

9

(b)Semi-Annual Energy Transition Charge Adjustments. The Servicer will calculate and make semi-annual
Energy Transition Charge Adjustments as of each Adjustment Date commencing with the first Adjustment Date as follows:

(i) subtract the preceding periods Energy Transition Charge revenues collected and remitted from the preceding periods Periodic Payment
Requirement to calculate the under-collection or over-collection from the preceding period;

(ii) calculate the amount of the Energy Transition Charge Adjustment, by (A) correcting any under-collection or over-collection calculated in step
(i) over a period of up to 12 months covering the next two succeeding payment dates (in order to mitigate the size and impact of the adjustment), using the rules that (x) principal payments on the Energy Transition Bonds will be brought on schedule
over the next two succeeding Payment Dates, but (y) the resulting periodic billing requirement always must be sufficient to cover Ongoing Financing Costs and interest on the Energy Transition Bonds and (over the next two succeeding bond payment
dates) scheduled principal payments on the Energy Transition Bonds on a timely basis, plus (B) adding any amount carried forward from the previous Energy Transition Charge Adjustment by the operation of step (A) above during the preceding Energy
Transition Charge Adjustment calculation, plus (C) adding any amount necessary to replenish the Capital Subaccount consistent with Findings of Fact Paragraph 66 and 85 of the Financing Order;

(iii) add the amount calculated in step (ii) to the upcoming periods trued-up Periodic Billing Requirement, and subtract the balance, if any, in the
Excess Funds Subaccount to determine an adjusted Periodic Billing Requirement for the upcoming period;

(iv) add the amount, if a positive number, equal to the difference of the return to Cleco Power on Cleco Powers invested capital in the Issuer for
the preceding period minus the actual investment earnings thereon from the eligible investments made by the Trustee at the written direction of the Issuer pursuant to the terms of the Indenture for the preceding period, to the amount calculated in
step (iii);

(v) allocate the result from step (iv) using the allocation factors approved by the LPSC in the Financing Order and develop Customer Class-specific
Energy Transition Charge rates based on those allocated dollar amounts in accordance with Cleco Powers most recently completed annual base revenue forecast; and

10

(vi) file those adjusted Energy Transition Charge rates with the LPSC not less than fifteen (15) days prior to the first billing cycle of the Cleco
Power revenue month in which the revised Energy Transition Charges will be in effect;

provided, however, that to the extent any Energy Transition Bonds remain outstanding after the Scheduled Final Payment Date of the Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bonds, Energy Transition Charge Adjustments shall be made
quarterly until the Energy Transition Bonds and all associated financing costs are paid in full (and any under-collection shall be corrected for the next Payment Date instead of over a period covering the next two succeeding Payment Dates.

(c)Interim Energy Transition Charge Adjustment Request. The Servicer may also make interim Energy
Transition Charge Adjustments more frequently at any time during the term of the Energy Transition Bonds: (i) if the Servicer forecasts that ETC Collections will be insufficient to make on a timely basis all scheduled payments of interest and other
financing costs in respect of the Energy Transition Bonds during the current or next succeeding payment period or bring all principal payments on schedule over the next two succeeding payment dates and/or (ii) to replenish any draws upon the
capital subaccount. Any interim Energy Transition Charge Adjustment shall take into account the Periodic Payment Requirement for the next succeeding twelve (12) months. Such adjusted Energy Transition Charge rates shall be filed with the LPSC not
less than fifteen (15) days prior to the first billing cycle of the Cleco Power revenue month in which the revised Energy Transition Charges will be in effect.

(d)Quarterly Energy Transition Charge Adjustment Request. To the extent any Energy Transition Bonds remain
outstanding after the Scheduled Final Payment Date of the Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bonds, semi-annual adjustments as described in Section 4.01(b) above shall be made quarterly until all Energy Transition Bonds and Ongoing Financing Costs are
paid in full. Such adjusted energy transition charge rates shall be filed with the LPSC not less than fifteen (15) days prior to the first billing cycle of the Cleco Power revenue month in which the revised Energy Transition Charges will be in
effect.

(e)Non-Standard Energy Transition Charge Adjustment. The Servicer shall request LPSC approval of an
amendment to the Energy Transition Charge Adjustment mechanism to make a non-standard Energy Transition Charge Adjustment (under such procedures as shall be proposed by the Servicer and approved by the LPSC at the time) that it deems necessary or
appropriate to address any material deviations between ETC Collections and the periodic revenue requirement. No such change shall cause any of the then-current credit ratings of the Energy Transition Bonds to be suspended, withdrawn or downgraded.

(f)Notification of Adjustment Requests. Whenever the Servicer files an Energy Transition Charge Adjustment
request with the LPSC, the Servicer shall send a copy of such filing to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Rating Agencies concurrently therewith and such other persons as are entitled to notice under the Financing Order. If any Energy Transition
Charge Adjustment request does not become effective on the applicable date as provided in such filing and in accordance with the Financing Order, the Servicer shall notify the Issuer, the Trustee and the Rating Agencies by the end of the second
Servicer Business Day after such applicable date.

11

(g)Reconciliation. Not less than annually, the Servicer shall reconcile the remittances of estimated daily
collections of Energy Transition Charges (including the estimated write-off amount) made during such reconciliation period with actual ETC Collections during such reconciliation period.

(h)Reports.

(i)Servicers Certificate. Not later than five (5) Servicer Business Days prior to each Payment Date or
Special Payment Date, the Servicer shall deliver a written report substantially in the form of Exhibit B (the Semi-Annual Servicers Certificate) to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Rating Agencies, which shall include the
information in Exhibit B as to the Energy Transition Bonds with respect to such Payment Date or Special Payment Date or the period since the previous Payment Date, as applicable.

(ii)Reports to Customers.

(A) After each revised Energy Transition Charge has gone into effect pursuant to an Energy Transition Charge Adjustment, the Servicer shall, to the
extent and in the manner and time frame required by applicable LPSC Regulations, if any, cause to be prepared and delivered to Customers any required notices announcing such revised Energy Transition Charges.

(B) The Servicer shall comply with the requirements of the Financing Order and the Rate Schedules with respect to the identification of Energy
Transition Charges on Bills. In addition, at least once each year, the Servicer shall notify such Customers, in effect, that the Energy Transition Property and the Energy Transition Charges are owned by the Issuer (or its assignee) and not the
Seller and that the Servicer is merely the collection agent for the Issuer (or its assignee or pledgee). Such notification shall be delivered to such Customers either by annual Bill inserts with mailed Bills or by statements posted on the my
account website pages of the Servicers internet website.

(C) The Servicing Fee includes all costs of preparation and delivery incurred in connection with clauses (A) and (B) above, including printing and postage costs.

Section 4.02 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

(a) The Issuer and the Servicer expressly agree and acknowledge that:

12

(i) In connection with any Energy Transition Charge Adjustment, the Servicer is acting solely in its capacity as the servicing agent of the Issuer
hereunder.

(ii) Neither the Servicer nor the Issuer shall be responsible in any manner for, and shall have no liability whatsoever as a result of, any action,
decision, ruling or other determination made or not made, or any delay (other than any delay resulting from the Servicers failure to file the requests required by Section 4.01 in a timely and correct manner or other breach by the Servicer of its
duties under this Agreement that materially and adversely affects the Energy Transition Charge Adjustments), by the LPSC in any way related to the Energy Transition Property or in connection with any Energy Transition Charge Adjustment, the subject
of any such filings, any proposed Energy Transition Charge Adjustment or the approval of any revised Energy Transition Charges and the scheduled adjustments thereto.

(iii) Except only to the extent that the Servicer is liable under Section 6.02, (A) the Servicer shall have no liability whatsoever relating to the
calculation of the Energy Transition Charges and the adjustments thereto, including as a result of any inaccuracy of any of the assumptions made in such calculation regarding expected electric energy or demand usage volumes, the rate of charge-offs
and estimated expenses and fees of the Issuer, so long as the Servicer has not acted in bad faith or in a grossly negligent manner in connection therewith, and (B) the Servicer shall have no liability whatsoever as a result of any Person, including
the Holders, not receiving any payment, amount or return anticipated or expected in respect of any Energy Transition Bond generally.

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.02 shall not relieve the Servicer of any liability under Section 6.02 for any misrepresentation by
the Servicer under Section 6.01 or for any breach by the Servicer of its obligations under this Agreement.

ARTICLE V

THE ENERGY TRANSITION PROPERTY

Section 5.01 CUSTODY OF ENERGY TRANSITION PROPERTY RECORDS. To assure uniform quality in servicing the Energy Transition Property and to reduce administrative costs,
the Issuer hereby revocably appoints the Servicer, and the Servicer hereby accepts such appointment, to act as the agent of the Issuer as custodian of any and all documents and records relating to the Energy Transition Property, that the Servicer
shall keep on file, in accordance with its customary procedures, which documents and records are hereby constructively delivered to the Trustee, as pledgee of the Issuer, with respect to all Energy Transition Property.

Section 5.02 DUTIES OF SERVICER AS CUSTODIAN.

13

(a)Safekeeping. The Servicer shall hold the Energy Transition Property Documentation on behalf of the
Issuer and maintain such accurate and complete accounts, records and computer systems pertaining to the Energy Transition Property Documentation as shall enable the Issuer and the Trustee, as applicable, to comply with this Agreement, the Sale
Agreement and the Indenture. In performing its duties as custodian, including documentation, record keeping, accounts and computer systems, the Servicer shall act with reasonable care, using that degree of care and diligence that the Servicer
exercises with respect to comparable assets that the Servicer services for itself or, if applicable, for others. The Servicer shall promptly report to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Rating Agencies any material failure on its part to hold the
Energy Transition Property Documentation and maintain its accounts, records and computer systems as herein provided and promptly take appropriate action to remedy any such failure. Nothing herein shall be deemed to require an initial review or any
periodic review by the Issuer or the Trustee of the Energy Transition Property Documentation. The Servicers duties to hold the Energy Transition Property Documentation set forth in this Section 5.02, to the extent such Energy Transition Property
Documentation has not been previously transferred to a successor Servicer, shall terminate one year and one day after the earlier of the date on which (i) the Servicer is succeeded by a successor Servicer in accordance with ARTICLE VII and (ii) the
first date on which no Energy Transition Bonds are Outstanding.

(b)Maintenance and Access to Records. The Servicer shall maintain the Energy Transition Property
Documentation at 2030 Donahue Ferry Road, Pineville, Louisiana or at such other office as shall be specified to the Issuer and to the Trustee by written notice at least thirty (30) days prior to any change in location. The Servicer shall make
available, as is reasonably required for the Trustee to perform its duties and obligations under the Indenture and the other Basic Documents, for inspection, audit and copying to the Issuer and the Trustee or their respective duly authorized
representatives, attorneys or auditors the Servicers records regarding the Energy Transition Property, the Energy Transition Charges and the Energy Transition Property Documentation at such times during normal business hours as the Issuer or the
Trustee shall reasonably request and which do not unreasonably interfere with the Servicers normal operations. Nothing in this Section 5.02(b) shall affect the obligation of the Servicer to observe any applicable law (including any LPSC
Regulation) prohibiting disclosure of information regarding the Customers, and the failure of the Servicer to provide access to such information as a result of such obligation shall not constitute a breach of this Section 5.02(b).

(c)Release of Documents. Upon instruction from the Trustee in accordance with the Indenture, the Servicer
shall release any Energy Transition Property Documentation to the Trustee, the Trustees agent or the Trustees designee, as the case may be, at such place or places as the Trustee may designate, as soon as practicable.

14

(d)Litigation to Defend Energy Transition Property. To the extent not undertaken by the Seller pursuant to
Section 4.08 of the Sale Agreement, the Servicer shall negotiate for the retention of legal counsel and such other experts as may be needed to institute and maintain any action or proceeding, on behalf of and in the name of the Issuer, reasonably
necessary to compel performance by the LPSC, the Louisiana legislature or the State of Louisiana of any of their respective obligations or duties under the Securitization Act or the Financing Order, as the case may be, with respect to the Energy
Transition Charge Adjustment, provided, however, that in circumstances in which the servicing procedures set out in Annex 1 apply, the provisions of this undertaking do not require the Servicer to act in a manner different from the manner that the
servicing procedures require. In any proceedings related to the exercise of the power of eminent domain by any municipality to acquire a portion of Cleco Powers electric distribution facilities, including upon the expiration of any franchise
agreement, the Servicer, on behalf of and in the name of the Issuer, shall assert that the court ordering such condemnation must treat such municipality as a successor to Cleco Power under the Securitization Act and the Financing Order and that
Customers in such municipalities remain responsible for payment of Energy Transition Charges. The Servicer agrees to assist the Issuer and its legal counsel in taking such legal or administrative actions, including defending against or instituting
and pursuing legal actions and appearing or testifying at hearings or similar proceedings, as may be reasonably necessary to attempt to block or overturn any attempts to cause a repeal, or modification of, or supplement to the Securitization Act or
the Financing Order, or the rights of the Energy Transition Bondholders by executive action, legislative enactment, constitutional amendment or other means that would be adverse to the Energy Transition Bondholders. The costs of any such actions or
proceedings shall be payable as an Operating Expense from Energy Transition Charges as an Ongoing Financing Cost (and shall not be deemed to constitute a portion of the Servicing Fee) in accordance with the priorities set forth in Section 8.02(e)
of the Indenture. The amount of any recoveries received by the Servicer as a result of any such action or procedures shall be forwarded to the Trustee for deposit in the Collection Account. The Servicers obligations pursuant to this Section
5.02(d) shall survive and continue notwithstanding the fact that the payment of Operating Expenses pursuant to Section 8.02 of the Indenture may be delayed; provided, that, the Servicer is obligated to institute and maintain such action or
proceedings only if it is being reimbursed on a current basis for its costs and expenses in taking such actions in accordance with Section 8.02 of the Indenture, and is not required to advance its own funds to satisfy these obligations.

Section 5.03 CUSTODIANS INDEMNIFICATION. THE SERVICER AS CUSTODIAN SHALL INDEMNIFY THE ISSUER, THE MANAGERS AND THE TRUSTEE (FOR
ITSELF AND FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ENERGY TRANSITION BONDHOLDERS) AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS FOR, AND DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS EACH SUCH PERSON FROM AND AGAINST, ANY AND ALL LIABILITIES, OBLIGATIONS,
LOSSES, DAMAGES, PAYMENTS AND CLAIMS, AND REASONABLE COSTS OR EXPENSES, OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING REASONABLE OUT-OF-POCKET FEES AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS FEES AND EXPENSES) OF INVESTIGATION AND LITIGATION AND ENFORCING
THE SERVICERS INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER (COLLECTIVELY, INDEMNIFIED LOSSES) THAT MAY BE IMPOSED ON, INCURRED BY OR ASSERTED AGAINST
EACH SUCH PERSON AS THE RESULT OF ANY GROSSLY NEGLIGENT ACT OR OMISSION IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THE MAINTENANCE AND CUSTODY BY THE SERVICER, AS CUSTODIAN, OF THE ENERGY TRANSITION PROPERTY DOCUMENTATION; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT THE SERVICER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY PORTION OF ANY SUCH AMOUNT RESULTING FROM THE WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, BAD FAITH OR NEGLIGENCE OF THE ISSUER, THE MANAGERS OR
THE TRUSTEE, AS THE CASE MAY BE.

15

INDEMNIFICATION UNDER THIS SECTION 5.03 SHALL SURVIVE RESIGNATION OR REMOVAL OF THE TRUSTEE OR ANY MANAGER AND THE TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT.

Section 5.04 EFFECTIVE PERIOD AND TERMINATION. The Servicers appointment as custodian shall become effective as of the date of this Agreement and shall continue in
full force and effect until terminated pursuant to Section 5.02(a). If the Servicer shall resign as Servicer in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or if all of the rights and obligations of the Servicer shall have been terminated
under Section 7.01, the appointment of the Servicer as custodian shall be terminated effective as of the date on which the termination or resignation of the Servicer is effective. Additionally, if not sooner terminated as provided above, the
Servicers obligations as custodian shall terminate one year and one day after the date on which no Energy Transition Bonds are Outstanding.

ARTICLE VI

THE SERVICER

Section 6.01 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SERVICER. The Servicer makes the following representations and warranties as of the date of this Agreement, and as of
such other dates as expressly provided in this Section 6.01, on which the Issuer has relied in acquiring the Energy Transition Property. The representations and warranties shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the sale of any
of the Energy Transition Property to the Issuer and the pledge thereof to the Trustee pursuant to the Indenture.

(a)Organization and Good Standing. The Servicer is a limited liability company duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Louisiana, with the limited liability company power and authority to own its properties, to conduct its business as such business is presently conducted and to execute, deliver and carry
out the terms of this Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement and has the requisite power, authority and legal right to service the Energy Transition Property and to hold the Energy Transition Property Documentation as custodian.

(b)Due Qualification. The Servicer is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing, and has
obtained all necessary licenses and approvals, in all jurisdictions in which it is required to do so (except where the failure to so qualify would not be reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Servicers business, operations,
assets, revenues or properties or adversely affect the servicing of the Energy Transition Property).

16

(c)Power and Authority. The Servicer has the limited liability company power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement and to carry out the terms thereof; and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement have been duly authorized by the Servicer by all necessary
limited liability company action.

(d)Binding Obligation. This Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement each constitute a legal, valid and
binding obligation of the Servicer enforceable against the Servicer in accordance with their terms subject to applicable bankruptcy, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer or conveyance and other laws relating to
or affecting creditors rights generally from time to time in effect and to general principles of equity (including, without limitation, concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing), regardless of whether considered in a
Proceeding in equity or at law.

(e)No Violation. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Intercreditor
Agreement (to the extent applicable to the Servicers responsibilities thereunder) and the fulfillment of the terms of each will not conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice
or lapse of time) a material default under, the articles of organization, operating agreement or any material indenture or any material agreement to which the Servicer is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound or result in the
creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such agreement (other than any Lien that may be granted under the Basic Documents pursuant to Section 1276 of the Securitization Act); or violate any
existing law or any existing order, rule or regulation applicable to the Servicer.

(f)Approvals. No approval, authorization, consent, order or other action of, or filing with, any
Governmental Authority is required under an applicable law, rule or regulation in connection with the execution and delivery by the Servicer of this Agreement or the Intercreditor Agreement, the performance by the Servicer of the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby or the fulfillment by the Servicer of the terms of this Agreement or the Intercreditor Agreement, except those that have been obtained or made or that are required by this Agreement to be made in the future by the
Servicer, including the Issuance Advice Letter, filings with the LPSC for adjusting Energy Transition Charges and allocation of Energy Transition Charge adjustments pursuant to Section 4.01 and filings with the Louisiana UCC Filing Officer under
the Securitization Act and the UCC.

(g)No Proceedings. There are no Proceedings pending or, to the Servicers knowledge, threatened before any
Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Servicer or its properties involving or relating to the Servicer or the Issuer or, to the Servicers knowledge, any other Person:

(i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement or any of the other Basic Documents;

17

(ii) seeking to prevent the issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
any of the other Basic Documents;

(iii) seeking any determination or ruling that might materially and adversely affect the performance by the Servicer of its obligations under, or
the validity or enforceability against the Servicer of, this Agreement, any of the other Basic Documents or the Energy Transition Bonds;

(iv) relating to the Servicer and which might materially and adversely affect the U.S. federal income tax or State income, gross receipts or
franchise tax attributes of the Energy Transition Bonds; or

(v) seeking to prevent the issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
any of the other Basic Documents.

(h)Reports and Certificates. Each report and certificate delivered in connection with any filing made to
the LPSC by the Servicer on behalf of the Issuer with respect to Energy Transition Charges, Energy Transition Charge Adjustments or allocation of energy transition charges among Customer Classes will be true and correct in all material respects; provided, however, that to the extent any such report or certificate is based in part upon or contains assumptions, forecasts or other predictions of future events, the representation and warranty of the
Servicer with respect thereto will be limited to the representation and warranty that such assumptions, forecasts or other predictions of future events are reasonable based upon historical performance and the facts known to the Servicer on the date
such report or certificate is delivered.

Section 6.02 INDEMNITIES OF THE SERVICER; RELEASE OF CLAIMS.

(a)THE SERVICER SHALL BE LIABLE IN ACCORDANCE HEREWITH ONLY TO THE EXTENT OF THE OBLIGATIONS SPECIFICALLY
UNDERTAKEN BY THE SERVICER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT.

(b)THE SERVICER SHALL INDEMNIFY THE ISSUER, THE TRUSTEE (FOR ITSELF AND ON BEHALF OF THE ENERGY TRANSITION
BONDHOLDERS) AND ANY INDEPENDENT MANAGER AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE TRUSTEES, MEMBERS, MANAGERS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS FOR, AND DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS EACH SUCH PERSON FROM AND AGAINST, ANY AND ALL INDEMNIFIED LOSSES
IMPOSED ON, INCURRED BY OR ASSERTED AGAINST ANY SUCH PERSON AS A RESULT OF:

(i)THE SERVICERS WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, BAD FAITH OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE IN THE PERFORMANCE OF ITS DUTIES OR
OBSERVANCE OF ITS COVENANTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SERVICERS RECKLESS DISREGARD OF ITS OBLIGATIONS AND DUTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT;

18

(ii)THE SERVICERS MATERIAL BREACH OF ANY OF ITS REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES IN THIS AGREEMENT OR THE
INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT THAT RESULT IN A SERVICER DEFAULT; OR

(iii)LITIGATION AND RELATED EXPENSES RELATING TO THE SERVICERS STATUS AND OBLIGATIONS AS SERVICER (OTHER THAN ANY
PROCEEDING THE SERVICER IS REQUIRED TO INSTITUTE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT);

PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT THE SERVICER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDEMNIFIED LOSSES RESULTING
FROM THE BAD FAITH, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR NEGLIGENCE OF ANY PERSON INDEMNIFIED PURSUANT TO THIS SECTION 6.02 (EACH, AN INDEMNIFIED PERSON) OR RESULTING FROM A BREACH OF A REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY MADE BY SUCH INDEMNIFIED PERSON TO THE
SERVICER IN ANY BASIC DOCUMENT THAT GIVES RISE TO THE SERVICERS BREACH.

(c)PROMPTLY AFTER RECEIPT BY AN INDEMNIFIED PERSON OF WRITTEN NOTICE OF ITS INVOLVEMENT IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING
OR INVESTIGATION, SUCH INDEMNIFIED PERSON SHALL, IF A CLAIM FOR INDEMNIFICATION IN RESPECT THEREOF IS TO BE MADE AGAINST THE SERVICER UNDER THIS SECTION 6.02, NOTIFY THE SERVICER IN WRITING OF SUCH INVOLVEMENT. FAILURE BY AN INDEMNIFIED PERSON TO
SO NOTIFY THE SERVICER SHALL RELIEVE THE SERVICER FROM THE OBLIGATION TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS SUCH INDEMNIFIED PERSON UNDER THIS SECTION 6.02 ONLY TO THE EXTENT THAT THE SERVICER SUFFERS ACTUAL PREJUDICE AS DETERMINED BY A COURT OF
COMPETENT JURISDICTION AS A RESULT OF SUCH FAILURE. WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR INVESTIGATION BROUGHT BY A THIRD PARTY FOR WHICH INDEMNIFICATION MAY BE SOUGHT BY AN INDEMNIFIED PERSON UNDER THIS SECTION 6.02, THE SERVICER SHALL BE
ENTITLED TO ASSUME THE DEFENSE OF ANY SUCH ACTION, PROCEEDING OR INVESTIGATION UNLESS (X) SUCH ACTION, PROCEEDING OR INVESTIGATION EXPOSES THE INDEMNIFIED PERSON TO A RISK OF CRIMINAL LIABILITY OR FORFEITURE, (Y) THE SERVICER AND SUCH INDEMNIFIED
PERSON HAVE A CONFLICT OF INTEREST IN THEIR RESPECTIVE DEFENSES OF SUCH ACTION, PROCEEDING OR INVESTIGATION OR (Z) THERE EXISTS AT THE TIME THE SERVICER WOULD ASSUME SUCH DEFENSE AN ONGOING SERVICER DEFAULT. UPON ASSUMPTION BY THE SERVICER OF THE
DEFENSE OF ANY SUCH ACTION, PROCEEDING OR INVESTIGATION, THE INDEMNIFIED PERSON SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING AND TO RETAIN ITS OWN COUNSEL (INCLUDING LOCAL COUNSEL), AND THE SERVICER SHALL BEAR THE REASONABLE
FEES, COSTS AND EXPENSES OF SUCH SEPARATE COUNSEL. THE INDEMNIFIED PERSON SHALL NOT SETTLE OR COMPROMISE OR CONSENT TO THE ENTRY OF ANY JUDGMENT WITH RESPECT TO ANY PENDING OR THREATENED CLAIM, ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING IN RESPECT OF WHICH
INDEMNIFICATION MAY BE SOUGHT UNDER THIS SECTION 6.02 (WHETHER OR NOT THE SERVICER IS AN ACTUAL OR POTENTIAL PARTY TO SUCH CLAIM OR ACTION) UNLESS THE SERVICER AGREES IN WRITING TO SUCH SETTLEMENT, COMPROMISE OR CONSENT AND SUCH SETTLEMENT,
COMPROMISE OR CONSENT INCLUDES AN UNCONDITIONAL RELEASE OF THE SERVICER FROM ALL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF SUCH CLAIM, ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING.

19

(d)THE SERVICER SHALL INDEMNIFY THE TRUSTEE AND ITS RESPECTIVE TRUSTEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS
FOR, AND DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS EACH SUCH PERSON FROM AND AGAINST, ANY AND ALL INDEMNIFIED LOSSES THAT MAY BE IMPOSED UPON, INCURRED BY OR ASSERTED AGAINST ANY SUCH PERSON AS A RESULT OF THE ACCEPTANCE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE TRUSTS AND DUTIES
CONTAINED HEREIN AND IN THE INDENTURE, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY SUCH LOSS (I) SHALL BE DUE TO THE WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, BAD FAITH OR NEGLIGENCE OF THE TRUSTEE OR (II) SHALL ARISE FROM THE TRUSTEES BREACH OF ANY OF ITS REPRESENTATIONS OR
WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT THE FOREGOING INDEMNITY IS EXTENDED TO THE TRUSTEE SOLELY IN ITS INDIVIDUAL
CAPACITY AND NOT FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ENERGY TRANSITION BONDHOLDERS OR ANY OTHER PERSON. SUCH AMOUNTS WITH RESPECT TO THE TRUSTEE SHALL BE DEPOSITED AND DISTRIBUTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INDENTURE.

(e)THE SERVICERS INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 6.02(b) AND SECTION 6.02(d) FOR EVENTS OCCURRING PRIOR
TO THE REMOVAL OR RESIGNATION OF THE TRUSTEE OR ANY INDEPENDENT MANAGER OR THE TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL SURVIVE THE RESIGNATION OR REMOVAL OF THE TRUSTEE, ANY INDEPENDENT MANAGER OR THE TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT. INDEMNIFICATION
UNDER THIS SECTION 6.02 SHALL SURVIVE ANY REPEAL OF, MODIFICATION OF, OR SUPPLEMENT TO, OR JUDICIAL INVALIDATION OF, THE SECURITIZATION ACT OR ANY FINANCING ORDER.

20

(f)EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR IN THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER BASIC DOCUMENTS (INCLUDING THE
SERVICERS CLAIMS WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICING FEES AND EXPENSE REIMBURSEMENT, THE ADMINISTRATORS CLAIM WITH RESPECT TO THE ADMINISTRATION FEE UNDER THE ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT, AND THE SELLERS CLAIM FOR PAYMENT OF THE PURCHASE PRICE OF
ENERGY TRANSITION PROPERTY), THE SERVICER HEREBY RELEASES AND DISCHARGES THE ISSUER (INCLUDING ITS MEMBERS, MANAGERS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS, IF ANY), ANY INDEPENDENT MANAGER, AND THE TRUSTEE (INCLUDING ITS RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS AND
AGENTS) (COLLECTIVELY, THE RELEASED PARTIES) FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS WHATSOEVER, WHICH THE SERVICER, IN ITS CAPACITY AS SERVICER OR OTHERWISE, SHALL OR MAY HAVE AGAINST ANY SUCH PERSON RELATING TO THE ENERGY TRANSITION PROPERTY OR THE
SERVICERS ACTIVITIES WITH RESPECT THERETO OTHER THAN ANY ACTIONS, CLAIMS AND DEMANDS ARISING OUT OF THE WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, BAD FAITH OR NEGLIGENCE OF THE RELEASED PARTIES.

(g)THE SERVICER AND THE ISSUER HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT, NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING HEREIN TO THE CONTRARY, THE
TRUSTEE IS A THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARY OF THIS SECTION 6.02 AND IS ENTITLED TO THE BENEFITS OF THE INDEMNITY FROM THE SERVICER CONTAINED HEREIN AND TO BRING ANY ACTION TO ENFORCE SUCH INDEMNIFICATION DIRECTLY AGAINST THE SERVICER.

(h)THE SERVICER SHALL INDEMNIFY THE LPSC (FOR THE BENEFIT OF CUSTOMERS), THE ISSUER, THE TRUSTEE (FOR ITSELF AND
ON BEHALF OF THE ENERGY TRANSITION BONDHOLDERS), AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE TRUSTEES, MEMBERS, MANAGERS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS FOR, AND DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS EACH SUCH PERSON FROM AND AGAINST, ANY AND ALL INDEMNIFIED
LOSSES THAT MAY BE IMPOSED UPON, INCURRED BY OR ASSERTED AGAINST ANY SUCH PERSON AS A RESULT OF ANY INCREASE IN THE SERVICING FEE THAT BECOMES PAYABLE PURSUANT TO SECTION 6.07(B) AS A RESULT OF A DEFAULT RESULTING FROM THE SERVICERS MISCONDUCT,
NEGLIGENCE IN PERFORMANCE OF ITS DUTIES OR OBSERVANCE OF ITS COVENANTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR TERMINATION FOR CAUSE OF CLECO POWER OR AN AFFILIATE SERVICER. THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATION SET FORTH IN THIS PARAGRAPH MAY BE ENFORCED BY THE LPSC
BUT IS NOT ENFORCEABLE BY ANY THIRD-PARTY COLLECTOR OR ANY CUSTOMER. ANY INDEMNITY PAYMENTS UNDER THIS PARAGRAPH FOR THE BENEFIT OF CUSTOMERS SHALL BE REMITTED TO THE TRUSTEE PROMPTLY FOR DEPOSIT INTO THE COLLECTION ACCOUNT.

21

Section 6.03 MERGER OR CONSOLIDATION OF, OR ASSUMPTION OF THE OBLIGATIONS OF, THE SERVICER. Any Person:

(a) into which the Servicer may be merged, converted or consolidated and which succeeds to all or substantially all of the electric transmission and
distribution business of the Servicer (or, if the transmission and distribution business is split, any Person which the LPSC designates in connection with an order relating to such split),

(b) which results from the division of the Servicer into two or more Persons and which succeeds to all or substantially all of the electric
transmission and distribution business of the Servicer (or, if the transmission and distribution business is split, any Person which the LPSC designates in connection with an order relating to such split),

(c) which may result from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Servicer shall be a party and which succeeds to all or substantially
all of the electric transmission and distribution business of the Servicer (or, if the transmission and distribution business is split, any Person which the LPSC designates in connection with an order relating to such split),

(d) which may purchase or otherwise succeed to the properties and assets of the Servicer either substantially, or as a whole, and which purchases or
otherwise succeeds to all or substantially all of the electric transmission and distribution business of the Servicer (or, if the transmission and distribution business is split, any Person which the LPSC designates in connection with an order
relating to such split), or

(e) which may otherwise purchase or succeed to all or substantially all of the electric transmission and distribution business of the Servicer (or,
if the transmission and distribution business is split, any Person which the LPSC designates in connection with an order relating to such split),

which Person in any of the foregoing cases executes an agreement of assumption to perform every obligation of the Servicer under this Agreement and undertake to collect, account and remit amounts in respect of the Energy Transition Charges from
Customers for the benefit and account of the Issuer (or its financing party), shall be the successor to the Servicer under this Agreement without the execution or filing of any document or any further act by any of the parties to this Agreement; provided, however, that:

(i) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, the representations and warranties made pursuant to Section 6.01 shall be true and correct
and no Servicer Default, and no event that, after notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a Servicer Default, shall have occurred and be continuing;

(ii) the Servicer shall have delivered to the Issuer, the Rating Agencies, the LPSC and the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of
Counsel each stating that such consolidation, merger, conversion, division or succession and such agreement of assumption comply with this Section 6.03 and that all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Agreement relating to such
transaction have been complied with;

22

(iii) the Servicer shall have delivered to the Issuer, the Rating Agencies, the LPSC and the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel either

(A) stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, all filings to be made by the Servicer, including filings with the Louisiana UCC Filing Officer
pursuant to the Securitization Act and the UCC, that are necessary fully to preserve and protect the interests of each of the Issuer and the Trustee in the Energy Transition Property have been executed and filed and are in full force and effect,
and reciting the details of such filings, or

(B) stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, no such action is necessary to preserve and protect such interests;

(iv) the Rating Agencies shall have received prior written notice of such transaction and, if such Person is not an Affiliate of Cleco Power, the
Rating Agency Condition shall be satisfied; and

(v) the Servicer shall have delivered to the Issuer, the LPSC, the Trustee and the Rating Agencies an opinion of independent tax counsel (as
selected by, and in form and substance satisfactory to, the Servicer, and which may be based on a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service) to the effect that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such transaction will not result in a material
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequence to the Issuer or the Energy Transition Bondholders.

The Servicer shall not consummate any transaction referred to in clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) above except upon execution of the above-described agreement of assumption and compliance with clauses (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) above. When
any Person acquires the properties and assets of the Servicer substantially as a whole or otherwise becomes the successor to the Servicer in accordance with the terms of this Section 6.03, then upon the satisfaction of all of the other conditions
of this Section 6.03, the preceding Servicer shall automatically and without further notice be released from all of its obligations hereunder.

Section 6.04 ASSIGNMENT OF THE SERVICERS OBLIGATIONS. The Servicer will not voluntarily assign or outsource its obligations hereunder except (a) as required by the
Intercreditor Agreement and (b) with the LPSCs prior approval and upon a demonstration that the costs under an alternative arrangement will be no more than if the Servicer continued to perform such services itself, or the assignment or outsourcing
is to another Affiliate that will provide such services at the same or lower cost than if the Servicer continued to perform such services itself, or the assignment or outsourcing is to a successor entity to the Servicer as the result of a merger or
other restructuring that assumes the Servicers responsibilities as the servicer and administrator.

23

Section 6.05 LIMITATION ON LIABILITY OF THE SERVICER AND OTHERS. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, neither the Servicer nor any of the managers, officers,
employees or agents of the Servicer shall be liable to the Issuer, its managers, the Energy Transition Bondholders, the Trustee or any other Person, for any action taken or for refraining from the taking of any action pursuant to this Agreement or
for good faith errors in judgment; provided, however, that this provision shall not protect the Servicer or any such Person against any liability that would
otherwise be imposed by reason of willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties under this Agreement or the Intercreditor Agreement. The Servicer and any manager or officer or employee or agent of the Servicer
may rely in good faith on the advice of counsel or on any document of any kind, prima facie properly executed and submitted by any Person respecting any matters arising under this Agreement.

Except as provided in this Agreement (including Section 5.02), the Servicer shall not be under any obligation to appear in, prosecute or defend any Proceeding that is not directly related to one of the Servicers enumerated duties in this
Agreement or related to its obligation to pay indemnification, and that in its reasonable opinion may cause it to incur any expense or liability; provided, however, that the Servicer may, in respect of any
Proceeding, undertake any reasonable action that is not specifically identified in this Agreement as a duty of the Servicer but that the Servicer may deem necessary or desirable in respect of this Agreement and the rights and duties of the parties
to this Agreement and the interests of the Energy Transition Bondholders under this Agreement. The Servicers costs and expenses incurred in connection with any such Proceeding shall be payable from the Collection Account as an Operating Expense
(and shall not be deemed to constitute a portion of the Servicing Fee) in accordance with Section 8.02(e) of the Indenture. The Servicers obligations pursuant to this Section 6.05 shall survive and continue notwithstanding the fact that the
payment of Operating Expenses pursuant to the Indenture may be delayed (it being understood that the Servicer may be required initially to advance its own funds to satisfy its obligations hereunder).

Section 6.06 CLECO POWER NOT TO RESIGN AS SERVICER. Subject to Section 6.03 and Section 6.04, Cleco Power shall not resign from the obligations and duties imposed on
it as Servicer under this Agreement unless the Servicer delivers to the Issuer, the Trustee, the LPSC and each Rating Agency written notice of such resignation at the earliest practicable time and, concurrently therewith or promptly thereafter, an
opinion of Independent legal counsel that the Servicers performance of its duties under this Agreement shall no longer be permissible under applicable law. No such resignation shall become effective until a Successor Servicer shall have assumed
the servicing obligations and duties hereunder of the Servicer in accordance with Section 7.04.

Section 6.07 SERVICING COMPENSATION.

(a) The Issuer agrees to pay the Servicer on each Payment Date, solely to the extent amounts are available therefor in accordance with the
Indenture, the Servicing Fee with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds. For so long as:

(i) Cleco Power or one of its Affiliates is the Servicer,

(ii) a successor to Cleco Power or one of its Affiliates is the Servicer due to the operation of the provisions of Section 6.03, or

24

(iii) any Person is the Successor Servicer hereunder pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.03 if the predecessor Servicer was Cleco Power or one of
its Affiliates,

the amount of the Servicing Fee paid to the Servicer annually shall equal 0.05% of the Energy Transition Bond Balance on the date of this Agreement and shall be
prorated based on the fraction of a calendar year during which the Servicer provides any of the services set forth in this Agreement.

(b) In the event that a Successor Servicer not an Affiliate of Cleco Power is appointed in accordance with Section 7.04, the amount of Servicing Fee
paid to the Servicer annually shall be agreed upon by the Successor Servicer and the Trustee but shall in no event exceed 0.60% of the Energy Transition Bond Balance on the date of this Agreement without the consent of the LPSC and shall be
prorated based on the fraction of a calendar year during which the Successor Servicer provides any of the services set forth in this Agreement.

(c) In addition, the Servicer shall be entitled to be reimbursed by the Issuer for filing fees and fees and expenses for external attorneys,
external accountants, printing or other professional services retained by the Issuer and paid for by the Servicer (or procured by the Servicer on behalf of the Issuer and paid for by the Servicer) to meet the Issuers obligations under the Basic
Documents and other actual items of cost incurred annually to support and service the Energy Transition Bonds and costs incurred under the Sale Agreement (Reimbursable Expenses). Except for such Reimbursable Expenses, the Servicer shall be
required to pay all other costs and expenses incurred by the Servicer in performing its activities hereunder, including as provided in Section 6.09 (but, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any such costs and expenses incurred by Cleco Power in
its capacity as Administrator).

(d) The Servicing Fee set forth in Section 6.07(a) shall be paid to the Servicer by the Trustee, on each Payment Date in accordance with the
priorities set forth in Section 8.02(e) of the Indenture, by wire transfer of immediately available funds from the Collection Account to an account designated by the Servicer. Any portion of the Servicing Fee not paid on any such date shall be
added to the Servicing Fee payable on the next subsequent Payment Date. The Servicing Fee, together with any portion of the Servicing Fee that remains unpaid from prior Payment Dates, will be paid solely to the extent funds are available. The
Servicing Fee will be paid prior to the payment of or provision for any amounts in respect of interest on and principal of the Energy Transition Bonds in accordance with the priorities set forth in Section 8.02(e) of the Indenture.

(e) The Servicer and the Issuer acknowledge and agree that the Servicers actual collections of Energy Transition Charges on some days might exceed
the Servicers deemed collections, and that the Servicers actual collections of Energy Transition Charges on other days might be less than the Servicers deemed collections. The Servicer and the Issuer further acknowledge and agree that the amount
of these variances is likely to be small and are not likely to be biased in favor of over-remittances or under-remittances. Consequently, so long as the Servicer faithfully makes all daily remittances based on the procedures set forth in Section
6.12 and Annex 1 to this Agreement, the Servicer and the Issuer agree that no actual or deemed investment earnings shall be payable in respect of such over-remittances or under-remittances.

25

(f) The foregoing fees set forth in this Section 6.07 constitute a fair and reasonable price for the obligations to be performed by the Servicer.
The Servicer shall have indemnification obligations for an increased Servicing Fee under certain circumstances, in accordance with Section 6.02(h).

Section 6.08 COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW. The Servicer covenants and agrees, in servicing the Energy Transition Property, to comply in all material respects with all
laws applicable to, and binding upon, the Servicer and relating to the Energy Transition Property the noncompliance with which would have a material adverse effect on the value of the Energy Transition Property; provided,
however, that the foregoing is not intended to, and shall not, impose any liability on the Servicer for noncompliance with any Requirement of Law that the Servicer is contesting in good faith in accordance
with its customary standards and procedures. It is expressly acknowledged that the payment of fees to the Rating Agencies shall be at the expense of the Issuer and that, if the Servicer advances such payments to the Rating Agencies, the Issuer
shall reimburse the Servicer for any such advances.

Section 6.09 SERVICER EXPENSES. Except as expressly provided elsewhere in this Agreement, including in Section 6.07, the Servicer will not be reimbursed for any
expenses incurred by it in connection with its activities hereunder and under the Intercreditor Agreement, including taxes imposed on the Servicer and expenses incurred in connection with reports to Energy Transition Bondholders, and external
information technology costs, bank wire fees and internal legal fees related to this Agreement.

Section 6.10 APPOINTMENTS. The Servicer may at any time appoint any Person to perform all or any portion of its obligations as Servicer hereunder; provided, however, that unless such Person is an Affiliate of Cleco Power, the Rating Agency Condition shall have been satisfied in connection therewith; provided further
that the Servicer shall remain obligated and be liable to the Issuer under this Agreement for the servicing and administering of the Energy Transition Property in accordance with the provisions hereof without diminution of such obligation and
liability by virtue of the appointment of such Person and to the same extent and under the same terms and conditions as if the Servicer alone were servicing and administering the Energy Transition Property. The fees and expenses of any such Person
shall be as agreed between the Servicer and such Person from time to time, and none of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Energy Transition Bondholders shall have any responsibility therefor. Any such appointment shall not constitute a Servicer
resignation under Section 6.06.

Section 6.11 NO SERVICER ADVANCES. The Servicer shall not make any advances of interest on or principal of the Energy Transition Bonds.

26

Section 6.12 REMITTANCES. (a) The Servicer shall remit Energy Transition Charges to the Trustee each Servicer Business Day, but in no event later than two Servicer
Business Days following such Servicer Business Day, based on estimated daily collections using Days Sales Outstanding on retail bills and prior year write-off experience (the Daily Remittance) in all respects as provided in Annex 1 and shall make
such adjustments as are set out in Annex 1 to adjust for any estimates of actual Energy Transition Charges actually remitted to the Trustee. The Servicer will remit those Energy Transition Charges for any Servicer Business Day no later than the
second Servicer Business Day after that Servicer Business Day. Cleco Power will not be required to credit Customers or the Issuer with any earnings accruing to Cleco Power on transferred and untransferred daily collections of Energy Transition
Charges.

(a) Prior to (or concurrently with each remittance to the General Subaccount of the Collection Account pursuant to this Section 6.12, the Servicer shall provide written notice (which may be via electronic means,
including electronic mail) to the Trustee and, upon request, to the Issuer of each such remittance (including the exact dollar amount to be remitted). The Servicer shall also, promptly upon receipt, remit to the Collection Account any other
proceeds of the Trust Estate that it may receive from time to time.

(b) The Servicer agrees and acknowledges that it holds all Energy Transition Charge payments collected by it and any other proceeds for the Trust Estate received by it for the benefit of the Trustee and the Holders and
that all such amounts will be remitted by the Servicer in accordance with this Section 6.12 without any surcharge, fee, offset, charge or other deduction; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 6.12 shall prohibit the Return on Invested
Capital to be paid to Cleco Power pursuant to Section 8.02(e)(x) of the Indenture. The Servicer further agrees not to make any claim to reduce its obligation to remit all Energy Transition Charge payments collected by it in accordance with this
Agreement.

(c) Unless otherwise directed to do so by the Issuer, the Servicer shall be responsible for selecting Eligible Investments in which the funds in the Collection Account shall be invested pursuant to Section 8.03 of the
Indenture.

Section 6.13 PROTECTION OF TITLE. The Servicer shall execute and file all filings, including filings with the Louisiana UCC Filing Officer pursuant to the
Securitization Act and the Louisiana UCC, and cause to be executed and filed all filings, all in such manner and in such places as may be required by law fully to preserve, maintain and protect the interests of the Issuer and the Trustee in the
Energy Transition Property, including all filings required under the Securitization Act and the Louisiana UCC relating to the transfer of the ownership or security interest in the Energy Transition Property by the Seller to the Issuer or any
security interest granted by the Issuer in the Energy Transition Property. The Servicer shall deliver (or cause to be delivered) to the Issuer and the Trustee file-stamped copies of, or filing receipts for, any document filed as provided above, as
soon as available following such filing.

27

Section 6.14 MAINTENANCE OF OPERATIONS. To the extent that any interest in the Energy Transition Property is assigned, sold, or transferred to an assignee, Cleco Power
shall enter into a contract with that assignee that requires Cleco Power to continue to operate its electric transmission and distribution system in order to provide electric services to Cleco Powers Customers; and, further, Cleco Power will
undertake to collect, account for and remit amounts in respect of the Energy Transition Charges for the benefit of such assignee (or its financing parties); provided, however, that this provision shall not prohibit Cleco Power from selling,
assigning, or otherwise divesting its electric transmission and distribution systems or any part thereof so long as the entity or entities acquiring such system agree to continue operating the facilities to provide electric service to Cleco Powers
LPSCs jurisdictional Customers.

ARTICLE VII

SERVICER DEFAULT

Section 7.01 SERVICER DEFAULT. If any one or more of the following events (a Servicer Default) shall occur and be continuing:

(a) any failure by the Servicer to remit to the Collection Account, on behalf of the Issuer, any required remittance by the date that such
remittance must be made that continues unremedied for a period of five Servicer Business Days after the date on which written notice thereof shall have been given to the Servicer and the LPSC by the Issuer or the Trustee;

(b) any failure by the Servicer to duly observe or perform in any material respect any other covenant or agreement of the Servicer set forth in this
Agreement (other than as provided in Section 7.01(a) or (c)) or any other Basic Document to which it is a party, which failure

(i) materially and adversely affects the Energy Transition Property or the timely collection of the Energy Transition Charges or the rights of the
Energy Transition Bondholders, and

(ii) continues unremedied for a period of 60 days after the date on which written notice thereof shall have been given to the Servicer by the
Trustee or the Issuer (with a copy to the Trustee) or after discovery of such failure by an officer of the Servicer, as the case may be;

(c) any failure by the Servicer duly to perform its obligations under Section 4.01(b) in the time and manner set forth therein, which failure
continues unremedied for a period of five Servicer Business Days;

(d) any representation or warranty made by the Servicer in this Agreement or any other Basic Document proves to have been incorrect in a material
respect when made, which has a material adverse effect on the Energy Transition Bondholders, and which material adverse effect continues unremedied for a period of 60 days after the date on which written notice thereof shall have been given to the
Servicer by the Issuer (with a copy to the Trustee) or the Trustee or after discovery of such failure by a Servicer Responsible Officer, as the case may be; or

28

(e) an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Servicer;

then, so long as the Servicer Default shall not have been remedied, the Trustee shall upon the written instruction of the Majority Holders and with the Issuers prior written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), terminate all the
rights and obligations (other than the indemnification obligations set forth in Section 6.02 hereof and the obligation under Section 7.04 to continue performing its functions as Servicer until a Successor Servicer is appointed) of the Servicer
under this Agreement by notice then given in writing to the Servicer (a Termination Notice), and the Trustee shall comply with the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement.

In addition, upon a Servicer Default, the Energy Transition Bondholders and the Trustee shall be entitled to (i) apply to the 19th Judicial District Court for the Parish of East Baton Rouge, Louisiana, for sequestration and payment to the
Trustee of revenues arising with respect to the Energy Transition Property, (ii) foreclose on or otherwise enforce the Lien on and security interests in the Energy Transition Property and (iii) apply to the LPSC for an order that amounts arising
from the Energy Transition Charges be transferred to a separate account for the benefit of the Energy Transition Bondholders, in accordance with the Securitization Act.

On or after the receipt by the Servicer of a Termination Notice, all authority and power of the Servicer under this Agreement, whether with respect to the Energy Transition Property, the Energy Transition Charges or otherwise, shall, upon
appointment of a Successor Servicer pursuant to Section 7.04 and pursuant to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, without further action, pass to and be vested in such Successor Servicer and, without limitation, the Trustee is hereby
authorized and empowered to execute and deliver, on behalf of the predecessor Servicer, as attorney-in-fact or otherwise, any and all documents and other instruments, and to do or accomplish all other acts or things necessary or appropriate to
effect the purposes of such Termination Notice, whether to complete the transfer of the Energy Transition Property Documentation and related documents, or otherwise. The predecessor Servicer shall cooperate with the Successor Servicer, the Trustee
and the Issuer in effecting the termination of the responsibilities and rights of the predecessor Servicer under this Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement, including the transfer to the Successor Servicer for administration by it of all cash
amounts that shall at the time be held by the predecessor Servicer for remittance, or shall thereafter be received by it with respect to the Energy Transition Property or the Energy Transition Charges. As soon as practicable after receipt by the
Servicer of such Termination Notice, the Servicer shall deliver the Energy Transition Property Documentation to the Successor Servicer. All reasonable costs and expenses (including attorneys fees and expenses) incurred in connection with
transferring the Energy Transition Property Documentation to the Successor Servicer and amending this Agreement to reflect such succession as Servicer pursuant to this Section 7.01 shall be paid by the predecessor Servicer upon presentation of
documentation of such costs and expenses. All costs and expenses (including attorneys fees and expenses) incurred in connection with transferring the Energy Transition Property Documentation to the Successor Servicer and amending this Agreement or
the Intercreditor Agreement to reflect the succession as Servicer other than pursuant to this Section 7.01 shall be paid by the party incurring such costs and expenses. Termination of Cleco Powers rights as a Servicer shall not terminate Cleco
Powers rights or obligations under the Sale Agreement or the Intercreditor Agreement (except rights thereunder deriving from its rights as the Servicer hereunder).

29

Section 7.02 NOTICE OF SERVICER DEFAULT. The Servicer shall deliver to the Issuer, to the Trustee, and to each Rating Agency promptly after having obtained actual
knowledge thereof, but in no event later than five (5) Servicer Business Days thereafter, written notice in an Officers Certificate of any event or circumstance which, with the giving of notice or the passage of time, would become a Servicer
Default under Section 7.01.

Section 7.03 WAIVER OF PAST DEFAULTS. The Trustee, with the written consent of the Majority Holders, may waive in writing in whole or in part any default by the
Servicer in the performance of its obligations hereunder and its consequences, except a default in making any required remittances to the Trustee of ETC Collections from Energy Transition Property in accordance with Section 6.12. Upon any such
waiver of a past default, such default shall cease to exist, and any Servicer Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been remedied for every purpose of this Agreement. No such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other default or
impair any right consequent thereto.

Section 7.04 APPOINTMENT OF SUCCESSOR.

(a) Upon the Servicers receipt of a Termination Notice pursuant to Section 7.01 or the Servicers resignation or removal in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement, the Servicer shall continue to perform its functions as Servicer under this Agreement and shall be entitled to receive the requisite portion of the Servicing Fee and expenses reimbursement, until a Successor Servicer shall
have assumed in writing the obligations of the Servicer hereunder as described below. In the event of the Servicers removal or resignation hereunder, the Trustee at the written direction and with the consent of the Majority Holders shall appoint a
Successor Servicer with the Issuers prior written consent thereto (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), and the Successor Servicer shall accept its appointment by a written assumption in form reasonably acceptable to the Issuer and
the Trustee and provide prompt written notice of such assumption to the Rating Agencies. In no event shall the Trustee be liable for its appointment of a Successor Servicer appointed at the written direction of the Majority Holders. If, within 30
days after the delivery of the Termination Notice, a new Servicer shall not have been appointed and accepted such appointment, the Trustee may petition the LPSC or a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint a Successor Servicer under this
Agreement. A Person shall qualify as a Successor Servicer only if:

(i) such Person is permitted under LPSC Regulations to perform the duties of the Servicer pursuant to the Securitization Act, the Financing Order
and this Agreement,

(ii) either (A) the LPSC has approved the appointment of the Successor Servicer or (B) 45 days have lapsed since the LPSC received notice of
appointment of the Successor Servicer and the LPSC has neither approved nor disapproved that appointment,

(iii) the Rating Agency Condition shall have been satisfied, and

30

(iv) such Person enters into a servicing agreement with the Issuer having substantially the same provisions as this Agreement and enters into the
Intercreditor Agreement as a Replacement Servicer.

(b) Upon appointment, the Successor Servicer shall be the successor in all respects to the predecessor Servicer under this Agreement and shall be
subject to all the responsibilities, duties and liabilities arising thereafter relating thereto placed on the predecessor Servicer and shall be entitled to the Servicing Fee and expenses reimbursement and all the rights granted to the predecessor
Servicer by the terms and provisions of this Agreement.

(c) The Successor Servicer may not resign unless it is prohibited from serving as Servicer pursuant to this Agreement by law.

Section 7.05 COOPERATION WITH SUCCESSOR. The predecessor Servicer covenants and agrees with the Issuer that it will, on an ongoing basis, cooperate with the Issuer and
Successor Servicer and provide whatever information is, and take whatever actions are, reasonably necessary to assist the Successor Servicer in performing its obligations hereunder.

ARTICLE VIII

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 8.01 AMENDMENT.

(a) This Agreement may be amended by the Servicer and the Issuer, with the prior written consent of the Trustee and the satisfaction of the Rating
Agency Condition; provided, however, that no amendment that would increase the Ongoing Financing Costs shall be permitted without the prior approval of the LPSC under Section 8.12. Promptly after the execution of any such amendment or consent, the
Issuer shall furnish written notification of the substance of such amendment or consent to each of the Rating Agencies.

(b) Notwithstanding Section 8.01(a) or anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Servicer and the Issuer may amend the Annex 1 to this
Agreement in writing with prior written notice given to the Trustee and the Rating Agencies, but without the consent of the Trustee, any Rating Agency or any Holder, solely to address changes to the Servicers method of calculating ETC Collections
as a result of changes to the Servicers current computerized Customer information system; provided that any such amendment shall not have a material adverse effect on the Holders of then Outstanding Energy Transition Bonds.

Prior to the execution of any amendment to this Agreement, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to receive and conclusively rely upon an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such amendment is authorized or permitted by this
Agreement and all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Agreement relating to such amendment have been satisfied upon the Opinion of Counsel referred to in Section 3.01. The Issuer and the Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to,
enter into any such amendment that affects their own rights, duties or immunities under this Agreement or otherwise.

31

Notwithstanding Section 8.01(a) or anything to the contrary in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be amended automatically to comply with changes in applicable law.

Section 8.02 NOTICES. All demands, notices and communications upon or to the Servicer, the Issuer, the LPSC, the Trustee or the Rating Agencies under this Agreement
shall be in writing, delivered personally, via facsimile, by reputable overnight courier or by certified mail, return-receipt requested, and shall be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt

(a) in the case of the Servicer, to Cleco Power LLC, 2030 Donahue Ferry Road, Pineville, Louisiana 71360-5226, Attention: Treasurer;

(b) in the case of the Issuer, to Cleco Securitization II LLC, 505 Cleco Drive Office Number 17, Pineville, Louisiana 71360-5226, Attention:
Manager;

(c) in the case of the Trustee, at its Corporate Trust Office;

(d) in the case of Moodys, to Moodys Investors Service, Inc., ABS/RMBS Monitoring Department, 24th Floor, 7
World Trade Center, 250 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10007, Email: ServicerReports@moodys.com (all such notices to be delivered to Moodys in writing by email);

(e) in the case of S&P, to Standard & Poors Ratings Group, Inc., Structured Credit Surveillance, 55
Water Street, New York, New York 10041, Telephone: (212) 438-8991, Email: servicer_reports@spglobal.com (all such notices to be delivered to S&P in writing by email); and

(f) in the case of the LPSC, to Galvez Building, 12th Floor, 602 North Fifth Street, Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70802, Attention: Executive Secretary;

or, as to each of the foregoing, at such other address as shall be designated by written notice to the other parties.

Section 8.03 ASSIGNMENT. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, except as provided in Section 6.03 and Section 6.04 and as provided in the
provisions of this Agreement concerning the resignation or termination of the Servicer, this Agreement may not be assigned by the Servicer. Any purported assignment not in compliance with this Agreement shall be void.

Section 8.04 LIMITATIONS ON RIGHTS OF OTHERS. The provisions of this Agreement are solely for the benefit of the Servicer, the Issuer and, to the extent provided herein
or in the other Basic Documents, Customers and the other Persons expressly referred to herein and the Trustee, on behalf of itself and the Energy Transition Bondholders, and nothing in this Agreement, whether express or implied, shall be construed
to give to any other Person any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim in the Energy Transition Property and other amounts in Trust Estate or under or in respect of this Agreement or any covenants, conditions or provisions contained herein.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, for the avoidance of doubt, any right, remedy or claim to which any Customer may be entitled pursuant to the Financing Order and this Agreement may be asserted or exercised only by the LPSC
(or by the Attorney General of the State of Louisiana in the name of the LPSC) for the benefit of such Customer.

32

Section 8.05 SEVERABILITY. Any provision, or portion thereof, of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remainder of such provision (if any) or the remaining provisions hereof (unless such a construction shall be unreasonable), and any such prohibition or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

Section 8.06 SEPARATE COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be
an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

Section 8.07 HEADINGS. The headings of the various Articles and Sections herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not define or limit any of the terms or
provisions hereof.

Section 8.08 GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF LOUISIANA, WITHOUT REFERENCE
TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

Section 8.09 PLEDGE TO THE TRUSTEE. The Servicer hereby acknowledges and consents to any pledge, assignment and grant of a security interest by the Issuer to the
Trustee pursuant to the Indenture for the benefit of any Energy Transition Bondholders of all right, title and interest of the Issuer in, to and under the Energy Transition Property owned by the Issuer and the proceeds thereof and the pledge of any
or all of the Issuers rights hereunder and under the Intercreditor Agreement to the Trustee. Notwithstanding such assignment, in no event shall the Trustee have any liability for the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements or other
obligations of the Issuer, hereunder or in any of the certificates, notices or agreements delivered pursuant hereto, as to all of which any recourse shall be had solely to the assets of the Issuer.

33

Section 8.10 NONPETITION COVENANTS. Notwithstanding any prior termination of this Agreement or the Indenture, but subject to a courts rights to order the sequestration
and payment of revenues arising with respect to the Energy Transition Property pursuant to Section 1274(F) of the Securitization Act, the Servicer shall not, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the satisfaction and discharge of the
Indenture and the payment in full of all of the Energy Transition Bonds, all financing costs (as defined in the Securitization Act) and any other amounts owed under the Indenture by the Issuer, acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the
Issuer to invoke or join with any Person in provoking the process of any Governmental Authority for the purpose of commencing or sustaining an involuntary case against the Issuer under any U.S. federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law
or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuer for any substantial part of the property of the Issuer or ordering the dissolution, winding up or liquidation of the affairs of
the Issuer.

Section 8.11 TERMINATION. Except as provided in Sections 5.02(a) and 5.04, this Agreement shall terminate when all Energy Transition Bonds have been retired or
redeemed in full and all amounts owed by the Issuer under the Indenture have been paid in full.

Section 8.12 LPSC CONSENT. Except as specifically set forth in Section 7.04, to the extent the consent of the LPSC is required to effect any amendment to or
modification of this Agreement or any provision of this Agreement,

(a) the Servicer may request the consent of the LPSC by delivering to the LPSCs executive director and executive counsel a written request for such
consent, which request shall contain:

(i) a reference to Docket No. U-37213 and a statement as to the possible effect of the amendment on Ongoing Financing Costs;

(ii) an Officers Certificate stating that the proposed amendment or modification has been approved by all parties to this Agreement; and

(iii) a statement identifying the person to whom the LPSC or its staff is to address its consent to the proposed amendment or modification or request
additional time;

(b) The LPSC shall, within 30 days of receiving the request for consent complying with Section 8.12(a) above, either

(i) provide notice of its consent or its order denying consent to the person specified in Section 8.12(a)(iii) above, or

(ii) be conclusively deemed, on the 31st day after receiving the request for consent, to have consented to the proposed amendment or modification.

Any amendment or modification requiring the consent of the LPSC as provided in this Section 8.12 shall become effective on the later of (i) the date proposed by the parties to such amendment or modification and (ii) the first day after the
expiration of the 30-day period provided for in Section 8.12(b)(ii).

34

Following the delivery of a notice to the LPSC by the Servicer under Section 8.12(a), the Servicer and the Issuer shall have the right at any time to withdraw from the LPSC further consideration of any notification of a proposed amendment. Such
withdrawal shall be evidenced by the Servicers giving prompt written notice thereof to the LPSC, the Issuer and the Trustee.

Section 8.13 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. It is expressly understood and agreed by the parties hereto that this Agreement is executed and delivered by the Trustee, not
individually or personally but solely as Trustee in the exercise of the powers and authority conferred and vested in it, and that the Trustee, in acting hereunder, is entitled to all rights, benefits, protections, immunities and indemnities
accorded to it under the Indenture.

Section 8.14 RULE 17g-5 COMPLIANCE. The Servicer agrees that any notice, report, request for satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition, document or other information
provided by the Servicer to any Rating Agency under this Agreement or any other Basic Document to which it is a party for the purpose of determining the initial credit rating of the Energy Transition Bonds or undertaking credit rating surveillance
of the Energy Transition Bonds with any Rating Agency, or satisfy the Rating Agency Condition, shall be substantially concurrently posted by the Servicer on the 17g-5 Website.

Section 8.15 TRUSTEE ACTIONS. In acting hereunder, the Trustee shall have the rights, privileges, benefits, protections, immunities and indemnities granted to it under
the Indenture.

[Rest of page intentionally left blank]

35

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers as of the day and year first above written.

CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC,

as Issuer,

By: /s/ William G. Fontenot

Name: William G. Fontenot

Title: President

CLECO POWER LLC,

as Servicer,

By: /s/ William G. Fontenot

Name: William G. Fontenot

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Acknowledged and Accepted:

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association,

not in its individual capacity but solely as

Trustee on behalf of the Holders

of the Energy Transition Bonds

By: /s/ David H. Hill

Name: David H. Hill

Title: Vice President

Signature Page to Energy Transition Property Servicing Agreement

SCHEDULE 4.01(a)(1)

TO

ENERGY TRANSITION PROPERTY SERVICING AGREEMENT

EXPECTED AMORTIZATION SCHEDULE

Payment Date 

Tranche A-1 Amount 

Tranche A-2 Amount

Initial Principal Amount 

$100,000,000.00 

$205,000,000.00

December 1, 2025 

$96,786,096.43 

$205,000,000.00

June 1, 2026 

$93,266,526.82 

$205,000,000.00

December 1, 2026 

$87,273,324.55 

$205,000,000.00

June 1, 2027 

$83,505,717.00 

$205,000,000.00

December 1, 2027 

$77,309,550.87 

$205,000,000.00

June 1, 2028 

$73,308,791.00 

$205,000,000.00

December 1, 2028 

$66,874,016.81 

$205,000,000.00

June 1, 2029 

$62,629,065.45 

$205,000,000.00

December 1, 2029 

$55,944,385.67 

$205,000,000.00

June 1, 2030 

$51,443,680.95 

$205,000,000.00

December 1, 2030 

$44,497,263.17 

$205,000,000.00

June 1, 2031 

$39,728,695.78 

$205,000,000.00

December 1, 2031 

$32,508,147.35 

$205,000,000.00

June 1, 2032 

$27,459,034.65 

$205,000,000.00

December 1, 2032 

$19,951,376.16 

$205,000,000.00

June 1, 2033 

$14,608,435.01 

$205,000,000.00

December 1, 2033 

$6,800,072.48 

$205,000,000.00

June 1, 2034 

$1,149,390.82 

$205,000,000.00

December 1, 2034 

$0.00 

$198,026,086.66

June 1, 2035 

$0.00 

$192,029,870.61

December 1, 2035 

$0.00 

$183,532,979.14

June 1, 2036 

$0.00 

$177,149,362.32

December 1, 2036 

$0.00 

$168,254,714.87

June 1, 2037 

$0.00 

$161,437,270.95

December 1, 2037 

$0.00 

$152,148,078.39

June 1, 2038 

$0.00 

$144,900,104.08

December 1, 2038 

$0.00 

$135,168,873.05

June 1, 2039 

$0.00 

$127,467,044.58

December 1, 2039 

$0.00 

$117,269,827.87

June 1, 2040 

$0.00 

$109,089,557.92

December 1, 2040 

$0.00 

$98,401,110.99

June 1, 2041 

$0.00 

$89,716,480.25

December 1, 2041 

$0.00 

$78,510,190.95

June 1, 2042 

$0.00 

$69,293,875.91

December 1, 2042 

$0.00 

$57,541,690.40

June 1, 2043 

$0.00 

$47,764,887.34

December 1, 2043 

$0.00 

$35,437,231.96

June 1, 2044 

$0.00 

$25,069,576.73

December 1, 2044 

$0.00 

$12,135,275.70

June 1, 2045 

$0.00 

$0.00

Schedule 4.01(a)(1)

SCHEDULE 4.01(a)(2)

TO

ENERGY TRANSITION PROPERTY SERVICING AGREEMENT

EXPECTED SINKING FUND SCHEDULE

Payment Date 

Tranche A-1 

Tranche A-2

December 1, 2025 

$3,213,903.57 

$0.00

June 1, 2026 

$3,519,569.61 

$0.00

December 1, 2026 

$5,993,202.27 

$0.00

June 1, 2027 

$3,767,607.55 

$0.00

December 1, 2027 

$6,196,166.13 

$0.00

June 1, 2028 

$4,000,759.87 

$0.00

December 1, 2028 

$6,434,774.19 

$0.00

June 1, 2029 

$4,244,951.36 

$0.00

December 1, 2029 

$6,684,679.78 

$0.00

June 1, 2030 

$4,500,704.72 

$0.00

December 1, 2030 

$6,946,417.78 

$0.00

June 1, 2031 

$4,768,567.39 

$0.00

December 1, 2031 

$7,220,548.43 

$0.00

June 1, 2032 

$5,049,112.70 

$0.00

December 1, 2032 

$7,507,658.49 

$0.00

June 1, 2033 

$5,342,941.15 

$0.00

December 1, 2033 

$7,808,362.53 

$0.00

June 1, 2034 

$5,650,681.66 

$0.00

December 1, 2034 

$1,149,390.82 

$6,973,913.34

June 1, 2035 

$0.00 

$5,996,216.05

December 1, 2035 

$0.00 

$8,496,891.47

June 1, 2036 

$0.00 

$6,383,616.82

December 1, 2036 

$0.00 

$8,894,647.45

June 1, 2037 

$0.00 

$6,817,443.92

December 1, 2037 

$0.00 

$9,289,192.56

June 1, 2038 

$0.00 

$7,247,974.31

December 1, 2038 

$0.00 

$9,731,231.03

June 1, 2039 

$0.00 

$7,701,828.47

December 1, 2039 

$0.00 

$10,197,216.71

June 1, 2040 

$0.00 

$8,180,269.95

December 1, 2040 

$0.00 

$10,688,446.93

June 1, 2041 

$0.00 

$8,684,630.74

December 1, 2041 

$0.00 

$11,206,289.30

June 1, 2042 

$0.00 

$9,216,315.04

December 1, 2042 

$0.00 

$11,752,185.51

June 1, 2043 

$0.00 

$9,776,803.06

December 1, 2043 

$0.00 

$12,327,655.38

June 1, 2044 

$0.00 

$10,367,655.23

December 1, 2044 

$0.00 

$12,934,301.03

June 1, 2045 

$0.00 

$12,135,275.70

Total Payments 

$100,000,000.00 

$205,000,000.00

Schedule 4.01(a)(2)

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF MONTHLY SERVICERS CERTIFICATE

MONTHLY SERVICERS CERTIFICATE

CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC

$305,000,000 Series 2025-A Senior Secured Energy Transition Bonds

Pursuant to Section 3.01(b) of the Energy Transition Property Servicing Agreement dated as of March 12, 2025 by and between Cleco Power LLC, as Servicer, and Cleco Securitization II LLC, as Issuer (the
Servicing Agreement), the Servicer does hereby certify as follows:

Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Monthly Servicers Certificate have their respective meanings as set forth in the Servicing Agreement. References herein to certain sections and subsections are references
to the respective sections or subsections of the Servicing Agreement.

Beginning of Billing Period: __________

End of Billing Period: __________

Rate Class 

a.ETCAs in 

Effect 

b.ETCAs 

Billed1 

c.Estimated 

ETCA

Collections 

Deemed 

Received2 

d. Estimated 

ETCA 

Collections 

Remitted3

Residential 

General Service Non-Demand 

General Service Secondary

General Service Primary 

School & Church Non-Demand 

School & Church Demand 

Municipal Electric Service 

Large Power Service 

Standby Power Service

Subscription 

Back-up

Maintenance

Unmetered and OLS (Outdoor Lighting Service)

Total 

1 Energy transition charges billed during the period.

2 Estimated energy transition charge collections deemed received based on the Days Sales Outstanding and prior year write-off experience.

3 Estimated energy transition charge collections remitted (i.e., estimated energy transition charges remitted daily, but no later than two Servicer business days of deemed collection date).

Executed as of this {____} day of {__________}, 20{__}.

CLECO POWER LLC, as Servicer

By: 

Name:

Title:

cc: CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC

Exhibit A-1

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF SEMI-ANNUAL SERVICERS CERTIFICATE

SEMI-ANNUAL SERVICERS CERTIFICATE

CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC

$305,000,000 Series 2025-A Senior Secured Energy Transition Bonds

Pursuant to Section 4.01(g)(i) of the Energy Transition Property Servicing Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2025 (the Servicing Agreement), between CLECO POWER LLC, as servicer and CLECO SECURITIZATION
II LLC, the Servicer does hereby certify, for the , 20 Payment Date (the Current Payment Date), as follows:

Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Semi-Annual Servicers Certificate have their respective meanings as set forth in the Servicing Agreement. References herein to certain sections and
subsections are references to the respective sections of the Servicing Agreement or the Indenture, as the context indicates.

Exhibit B-1

1. 

Allocation of available ETC Collections as of the Current Payment Date allocable to payment of principal and interest on the Energy Transition Bonds on the Current Payment Date:

a) 

Principal

Aggregate

i. 

Tranche A-1 

ii. 

Tranche A-2 

iii. 

Total: 

b) 

Interest

Aggregate

i. 

Tranche A-1 

ii. 

Tranche A-2 

iii. 

Total: 

2. 

Outstanding amount of the Energy Transition Bonds prior to, and after giving effect to the payment on the Current Payment Date and the difference, if any, between the Outstanding Amount specified in the Expected Amortization Schedule
(after giving effect to payments to be made on such Payment Date under 1a above) and the expected principal balance to be Outstanding (following payment on the Current Payment Date):

a) 

Principal Balance Outstanding (as of the date of this certification):

i. 

Tranche A-1

ii. 

Tranche A-2

iii. 

Total:

b) 

Principal Balance to be Outstanding (following payment on the Current Payment Date):

i. 

Tranche A-1

ii. 

Tranche A-2

iii. 

Total:

c) 

Difference between (b) above and Outstanding Amount specified in the Expected Amortization Schedule:

i. 

Tranche A-1

ii. 

Tranche A-2

iii. 

Total:

Exhibit B-2

3. 

All other transfers to be made on the Current Payment Date, including amounts to be paid to the Trustee and to the Servicer pursuant to Section 8.02(e) of the Indenture:

a) 

Certain Ongoing Financing Costs

i. 

Trustee Fees and Expenses (subject to $100,000 annual cap per Section 8.02(e)(i) of the Indenture):

ii. 

Servicing Fee:

iii. 

Administration Fee:

iv. 

Independent Manager Fee:

v.

Other Operating Expenses:

vi.

Total:

b) 

Other Ongoing Financing Costs and Payments

i. 

Other Ongoing Financing Costs (payable pursuant to Section 8.02(e)(iv) of the Indenture):

ii. 

Funding of Capital Subaccount to the Required Capital Amount

iii. Return on Capital Subaccount payable to Cleco Power LLC from investment earnings on the Capital Subaccount:

iv. 

Any other unpaid Issuance Costs of the Issuer, any remaining fees, expenses and indemnity amounts owed to the Trustee and any remaining indemnity amounts owed to the Issuer shall be paid to the parties to which such amounts, if any, are
owed, pursuant to Section 8.02(e)(viii) of the Indenture:

v. 

Deposits to Excess Funds Subaccount (including the portion, if any, of investment earnings on the Capital Subaccount in excess of the amounts payable under (iii) above):

vi. 

Total:

4. 

Estimated amounts on deposit in the Capital Subaccount and the Excess Funds Subaccount before and after giving effect to the foregoing payments and the amount required to be on deposit in the Capital Subaccount:

a) 

Capital Subaccount

i. 

Estimated amounts on deposit in the Capital Subaccount before giving effect to the foregoing payments:

ii. 

Estimated amounts on deposit in the Capital Subaccount after giving effect to the foregoing payments:

iii. Amount required to be on deposit in the Capital Subaccount:

iv. 

Difference between amounts on deposit in the Capital Subaccount after giving effect to the foregoing payments and the Required Capital Amount:

b) 

Excess Funds Subaccount

i. 

Estimated amounts on deposit in the Excess Funds Subaccount before giving effect to the foregoing payments:

ii. 

Estimated amounts on deposit in the Excess Funds Subaccount after giving effect to the foregoing payments:

5. 

Allocation of Amounts in the Collection Account as of Current Payment Date Pursuant to Section 8.02(e) of the Indenture:

i.

Trustee Fees and Expenses; Indemnity Amounts 

${__________}

ii.

Servicing Fee 

${__________}

iii.

Administration Fee; Independent Manager Fee 

${__________}

iv.

Operating Expenses 

${__________}

v.

Semi-Annual Interest (including any past-due for prior periods) 

1.

Tranche A-1 Interest Payment 

${__________}

2.

Tranche A-2 Interest Payment 

${__________}

vi. Principal Due and Payable as a Result of an Event of Default or on Final Maturity Date 

1.

Tranche A-1 Principal Payment 

${__________}

2.

Tranche A-2 Principal Payment 

${__________}

vii. Semi-Annual Principal 

1.

Tranche A-1 Principal Payment 

${__________}

2.

Tranche A-2 Principal Payment 

${__________}

viii. Other unpaid Operating Expenses 

${__________}

ix.

Funding of Capital Subaccount (to required level) 

${__________}

x.

Capital Subaccount Return to Cleco Power 

${__________}

xi.

Deposit to Excess Funds Subaccount 

${__________}

Aggregate Remittances as of the Current Payment Date ${__________}

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly executed and delivered this Semi-Annual Servicers Certificate this day of .

CLECO POWER LLC,

as Servicer

By: 

Name:

Title:

Exhibit B-3

EXHIBIT C-1

FORM OF SERVICERS ANNUAL CERTIFICATE

SERVICERS ANNUAL CERTIFICATE

CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC

$305,000,000 Series 2025-A Senior Secured Energy Transition Bonds

The undersigned hereby certifies that the undersigned is the duly elected and acting [ ] of CLECO POWER LLC, as servicer (the Servicer) under the Energy Transition Property
Servicing Agreement dated as of March 12, 2025 (the Servicing Agreement) by and between the Servicer and CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC (the Issuer) and further
certifies that:

1. The undersigned is responsible for assessing the Servicers compliance with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB (the Servicing Criteria).

2. With respect to each of the Servicing Criteria, the undersigned has made the following assessment of the Servicing Criteria in accordance with Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB, with such discussion regarding the
performance of such Servicing Criteria during the fiscal year ended December 31, 20__, and covered by the Issuers annual report on Form 10-K (such fiscal year, the Assessment Period):

Regulation AB 

Reference 

Servicing Criteria 

Assessment

General Servicing Considerations 

1122(d)(1)(i) 

Policies and procedures are instituted to monitor any performance or other triggers and events of default in accordance with the transaction agreements. 

Applicable; assessment below.

1122(d)(1)(ii) 

If any material servicing activities are outsourced to third parties, policies and procedures are instituted to monitor the third partys performance and compliance with such servicing activities. 

Not applicable; no servicing activities were outsourced.

1122(d)(1)(iii) 

Any requirements in the transaction agreements to maintain a back-up servicer for pool assets are maintained. 

Not applicable; transaction agreements do not provide for a back-up servicer.

1122(d)(1)(iv) 

A fidelity bond and errors and omissions policy is in effect on the party participating in the servicing function throughout the reporting period in the amount of coverage required by and otherwise in
accordance with the terms of the transaction agreements. 

Not applicable; transaction agreements do not require a fidelity bond or errors and omissions policy.

Exhibit C-1-1

1122(d)(1)(v) 

Aggregation of information, as applicable, is mathematically accurate and the information conveyed accurately reflects the information 

Applicable.

Cash Collection and Administration 

1122(d)(2)(i) 

Payments on pool assets are deposited into the appropriate custodial bank accounts and related bank clearing accounts no more than two Business Days following receipt, or such other number of days specified
in the transaction agreements. 

Applicable.

1122(d)(2)(ii) 

Disbursements made via wire transfer on behalf of an obligor or to an investor are made only by authorized personnel. 

Applicable.

1122(d)(2)(iii) 

Advances of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or distributions, and any interest or other fees charged for such advances, are made, reviewed and approved as specified in the transaction
agreements. 

Applicable; no advances by the Servicer are permitted under the transaction agreements, except for payments of certain indemnities; no current assessment required.

1122(d)(2)(iv) 

The related accounts for the transaction, such as cash reserve accounts or accounts established as a form of overcollateralization, are separately maintained (e.g., with respect to commingling of cash) as set
forth in the transaction agreements. 

Applicable, but no current assessment is required since the related accounts are maintained by the Trustee.

1122(d)(2)(v) 

Each custodial account is maintained at a federally insured depository institution as set forth in the transaction agreements. For purposes of this criterion, federally insured depository institution with
respect to a foreign financial institution means a foreign financial institution that meets the requirements of Rule 13k-1(b)(1) under the Exchange Act. 

Applicable, but no current assessment required; all custodial accounts are maintained by the Trustee.

1122(d)(2)(vi) 

Unissued checks are safeguarded so as to prevent unauthorized access. 

Applicable.

1122(d)(2)(vii) 

Reconciliations are prepared on a monthly basis for all asset-backed securities related bank accounts, including custodial accounts and related bank clearing accounts. These reconciliations are (A)
mathematically accurate; (B) prepared within 30 calendar days after the bank statement cutoff date, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements; (C) reviewed and approved by someone other than the person who
prepared the reconciliation; and (D) contain explanations for reconciling items. These reconciling items are resolved within 90 calendar days of their original identification, or such other number of days specified in the transaction
agreements. 

Applicable; assessment below.

Exhibit C-1-2

Investor Remittances and Reporting 

1122(d)(3)(i) 

Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the SEC, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable SEC requirements. Specifically, such reports (A) are prepared in
accordance with timeframes and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements; (B) provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction agreements; (C) are filed with the SEC as required by its rules
and regulations; and (D) agree with investors or the trustees records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number of pool assets serviced by the Servicer. 

Applicable; assessment below.

1122(d)(3)(ii) 

Amounts due to investors are allocated and remitted in accordance with timeframes, distribution priority and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements. 

Not applicable; investor records maintained by the Trustee.

1122(d)(3)(iii) 

Disbursements made to an investor are posted within two Business Days to the Servicers investor records, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

Applicable.

1122(d)(3)(iv) 

Amounts remitted to investors per the investor reports agree with cancelled checks, or other form of payment, or custodial bank statements. 

Applicable; assessment below.

Pool Asset Administration 

1122(d)(4)(i) 

Collateral or security on pool assets is maintained as required by the transaction agreements or related pool asset documents. 

Applicable; assessment below.

1122(d)(4)(ii) 

Pool assets and related documents are safeguarded as required by the transaction agreements. 

Applicable; assessment below.

1122(d)(4)(iii) 

Any additions, removals or substitutions to the asset pool are made, reviewed and approved in accordance with any conditions or requirements in the transaction agreements. 

Not applicable; no removals or substitutions of Energy Transition Property are contemplated or allowed under the transaction documents.

1122(d)(4)(iv) 

Payments on pool assets, including any payoffs, made in accordance with the related pool asset documents are posted to the Servicers obligor records maintained no more than two Business Days after receipt,
or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements, and allocated to principal, interest or other items (e.g., escrow) in accordance with the related pool asset agreements. 

Applicable; assessment below.

Exhibit C-1-3

1122(d)(4)(v) 

The Servicers records regarding the pool assets agree with the Servicers records with respect to an obligors unpaid principal balance. 

Not applicable; because underlying obligation (Energy Transition Charge) is not an interest-bearing instrument.

1122(d)(4)(vi) 

Changes with respect to the terms or status of an obligors pool assets (e.g., loan modifications or re-agings) are made, reviewed and approved by authorized personnel
in accordance with the transaction agreements and related pool asset documents. 

Applicable; assessment below.

1122(d)(4)(vii) 

Loss mitigation or recovery actions (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications and deeds in lieu of foreclosure, foreclosures and repossessions, as applicable) are initiated, conducted and concluded in
accordance with the timeframes or other requirements established by the transaction agreements. 

Applicable; limited assessment below. Servicer actions governed by LPSC regulations.

1122(d)(4)(viii) 

Records documenting collection efforts are maintained during the period a pool asset is delinquent in accordance with the transaction agreements. Such records are maintained on at least a monthly basis, or
such other period specified in the transaction agreements, and describe the entitys activities in monitoring delinquent pool assets including, for example, phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling plans in cases where delinquency is
deemed temporary (e.g., illness or unemployment). 

Applicable, but does not require assessment since no explicit documentation requirement with respect to delinquent accounts are imposed under the transaction agreements due to availability of true-up
mechanism.

1122(d)(4)(ix) 

Adjustments to interest rates or rates of return for pool assets with variable rates are computed based on the related pool asset documents. 

Not applicable; Energy Transition Charges are not interest-bearing instruments.

1122(d)(4)(x) 

Regarding any funds held in trust for an obligor (such as escrow accounts): (A) such funds are analyzed, in accordance with the obligors pool asset documents, on at least an annual basis, or such other
period specified in the transaction agreements; (B) interest on such funds is paid, or credited, to obligors in accordance with applicable pool asset documents and state laws; and (C) such funds are returned to the obligor within 30
calendar days of full repayment of the related pool assets, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

Not Applicable; Servicer does not maintain deposit accounts for obligors.

1122(d)(4)(xi) 

Payments made on behalf of an obligor (such as tax or insurance payments) are made on or before the related penalty or expiration dates, as indicated on the appropriate bills or notices for such payments,
provided that such support has been received by the Servicer at least 30 calendar days prior to these dates, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

Not applicable; Servicer does not make payments on behalf of obligors.

Exhibit C-1-4

1122(d)(4)(xii) 

Any late payment penalties in connection with any payment to be made on behalf of an obligor are paid from the Servicers funds and not charged to the obligor unless the late payment was due to the obligors
error or omission. 

Not applicable; Servicer cannot make advances of its own funds on behalf of customers under the transaction agreements.

1122(d)(4)(xiii) 

Disbursements made on behalf of an obligor are posted within two Business Days to the obligors records maintained by the Servicer, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. 

Not applicable; Servicer cannot make advances of its own funds on behalf of customers to pay principal or interest on the bonds.

1122(d)(4)(xiv) 

Delinquencies, charge-offs and uncollectible accounts are recognized and recorded in accordance with the transaction agreements. 

Applicable; assessment below.

1122(d)(4)(xv) 

Any external enhancement or other support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1) through (3) or Item 1115 of Regulation AB, is maintained as set forth in the transaction agreements. 

Not applicable; no external enhancement is required under the transaction agreements.

3. To the best of the undersigneds knowledge, based on such review, the Servicer is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable servicing criteria set forth above as of and for the period ended the end
of the fiscal year covered by the Issuers annual report on Form 10-K. [If not true, include description of any material instance of noncompliance.]

4. A registered independent public accounting firm has issued an attestation report in accordance with Section 1122(b) of Regulation AB on its assessment of compliance with the applicable servicing criteria as of and
for the period ended the end of the fiscal year covered by the Issuers annual report on Form 10-K.

5. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have their respective meanings as set forth in the Servicing Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly executed and delivered this Servicer Annual Certificate this { } day of { }, 20__.

CLECO POWER LLC

By: 

Name:

Title:

Exhibit C-1-5

EXHIBIT C-2

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE

CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE

CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC

$305,000,000 Series 2025-A Senior Secured Energy Transition Bonds

The undersigned hereby certifies that the undersigned is the duly elected and acting [ ] of Cleco Power LLC as servicer (the Servicer) under the Energy Transition Property
Servicing Agreement dated as of March 12, 2025 (the Servicing Agreement) between the Servicer and Cleco Securitization II LLC (the Issuer) and further that:

1. A review of the activities of the Servicer and of its performance under the Servicing Agreement during the twelve months ended December 31, 20__ has been made under the supervision of the undersigned pursuant to
Section 3.03 of the Servicing Agreement; and

2. To the best of the undersigneds knowledge, based on such review, the Servicer has fulfilled all of its obligations in all material respects under the Servicing Agreement throughout the twelve months ended
December 31, 20__, except as set forth on Annex A hereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly executed and delivered this Servicer Certificate of Compliance this { } day of { }, 20__.

CLECO POWER LLC

By: 

Name:

Title:

Exhibit C-2-1

ANNEX A

to Certificate of Compliance

LIST OF SERVICER DEFAULTS

The following Servicer Defaults, or events that with the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, would become Servicer Defaults known to the undersigned occurred during the twelve months ended December 31, 20__:

Nature of Default 

Status

ANNEX A-1

ANNEX 1

TO

ENERGY TRANSITION PROPERTY SERVICING AGREEMENT

SERVICING PROCEDURES

1. Definitions.

Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Energy Transition Property Servicing Agreement (the Agreement).

2. Data Acquisition.

a. Installation and Maintenance of Meters. The Servicer shall cause to be installed, replaced and maintained meters in such places and in such condition as will enable the
Servicer to obtain customer usage measurements consistent with its customary procedures and practices.

b. Meter Reading. The Servicer shall obtain usage measurements for each Customer, either directly or if applicable, from the Applicable MDMA consistent with its customary
procedures and practices; provided, however, that the Servicer may estimate any Customers usage determined in accordance with applicable LPSC Regulations.

c. Cost of Metering. The Issuer shall not be obligated to pay any costs associated with the routine metering duties set forth in this Section 2, including the costs of
installing, replacing and maintaining meters, nor shall the Issuer be entitled to any credit against the Servicing Fee for any cost savings realized by the Servicer as a result of new metering and/or billing technologies.

3. Usage and Bill Calculation.

The Servicer (a) shall obtain a calculation of each Customers usage (which may be based on data obtained from such Customers meter read or on usage estimates determined in accordance with applicable LPSC Regulations) in accordance with the
Servicers customary procedures and practices and shall determine therefrom each Customers individual Energy Transition Charges to be included on Bills issued by it to such Customer.

4. Billing.

The Servicer shall implement the Energy Transition Charges on the first day of the first Billing Period of the first Cleco Power revenue month following the date of issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds in accordance with the Financing Order
and shall thereafter bill each Customer for the respective Customers outstanding current and past due Energy Transition Charges accruing through the date on which such Energy Transition Charges may no longer be billed under the Rate Schedules,
all in accordance with the following:

ANNEX 1-1

a. Frequency of Bills; Billing Practices. In accordance with the Servicers then-existing policies and practices for its own charges, as such policies and practices may be
modified from time to time, the Servicer shall generate and issue a Bill to each Customer, for such Customers Energy Transition Charges once every applicable Billing Period, at the same time, with the same frequency and on the same Bill as that
containing the Servicers own charges to such Customers. In the event that the Servicer makes any material modification to these practices, it shall notify the Issuer, the Trustee, and the Rating Agencies as soon as practicable, and in no event
later than 30 Servicer Business Days after such modification goes into effect; provided, however, that the Servicer may not make any modification that will materially adversely affect the Holders. The
initial Energy Transition Charges shall be billed commencing on the first day of the first Billing Period of the first Cleco Power revenue month following the date of issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds.

b. Format.

i. Each Bill issued by the Servicer shall contain the charge corresponding to the respective Energy Transition Charges owed by such Customer for the applicable Billing Period. The Energy Transition Charges may be
separately identified or included on the line item for (and with) other securitization charges, as required by and in accordance with the terms of the Financing Order and the Rate Schedules. The Servicer shall provide Customers with the annual
notice required by Section 4.01(g)(ii)(B) of the Agreement.

ii. The Servicer shall conform to such requirements in respect of the format, structure and text of Bills delivered to Customers in accordance with, if applicable, the Financing Order, the Rate Schedules, other
applicable rate schedules and any other LPSC Regulations and any agreement with the LPSC staff. To the extent that Bill format, structure and text are not prescribed by applicable LPSC Regulations or the Rate Schedules, the Servicer shall,
subject to clause (i) above, determine the format, structure and text of all Bills in accordance with its reasonable business judgment, Servicer Policies and Practices and prevailing industry standards.

c. Delivery. The Servicer shall deliver all Bills issued by it (i) by United States mail in such class or classes as are consistent with the policies and practices followed
by the Servicer with respect to its own charges to its customers or (ii) by any other means, whether electronic or otherwise, that the Servicer may from time to time use to present its own charges to its customers. The Servicer shall pay from its
own funds all costs of issuance and delivery of all Bills, including but not limited to printing and postage costs as the same may increase or decrease from time to time.

5. Customer Service Functions.

The Servicer shall handle all Customer inquiries and other Customer service matters according to the same procedures it uses to service Customers with respect to its own charges.

ANNEX 1-2

6. Collections; Payment Processing; Remittance.

a. Collection Efforts, Policies, Procedures.

i. The Servicer shall use reasonable efforts to collect all Billed ETCs from Customers as and when the same become due and shall follow such collection procedures as it follows with respect to comparable assets that
it services for itself or others, including with respect to the following:

A. The Servicer shall prepare and deliver overdue notices to Customers in accordance with applicable LPSC Regulations and Servicer Policies and Practices.

B. The Servicer shall apply late payment charges to outstanding Customer balances in accordance with applicable LPSC Regulations and as required by the Financing Order.

C. The Servicer shall deliver verbal and written final notices of delinquency and possible disconnection in accordance with applicable LPSC Regulations and Servicer Policies and Practices.

D. The Servicer shall adhere to and carry out disconnection policies in accordance with applicable LPSC Regulations and Servicer Policies and Practices.

E. The Servicer may employ the assistance of collection agents to collect any past-due Energy Transition Charges in accordance with Servicer Policies and Practices, applicable LPSC Regulations and applicable rate
schedules.

F. The Servicer shall apply Customer deposits to the payment of delinquent accounts in accordance with applicable LPSC Regulations and Servicer Policies and Practices and according to the priorities set forth in
Sections 6(b)(ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) of this Annex 1.

ii. The Servicer shall not waive any late payment charge or any other fee or charge relating to delinquent payments, if any, or waive, vary or modify any terms of payment of any amounts payable by a Customer, in each
case unless such waiver or action: (A) would be in accordance with the Servicers customary practices or those of any successor Servicer with respect to comparable assets that it services for itself and for others; (B) would not materially
adversely affect the rights of the Holders; and (C) would comply with applicable law; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything in the Agreement or this Annex 1
to the contrary, the Servicer is authorized to write off any Billed ETCs, in accordance with Servicer Policies and Practices, that have remained outstanding for one hundred eighty (180) days or more.

ANNEX 1-3

iii. The Servicer shall accept payment from Customers in respect of Billed ETCs in such forms and methods and at such times and places as it accepts for payment of its own charges in accordance with, if applicable,
the Financing Order, the Rate Schedules, other applicable rate schedules, other LPSC Regulations and Servicer Policies and Practices.

b. Payment Processing; Allocation; Priority of Payments.

i. The Servicer shall post all payments received to Customer accounts as promptly as practicable, and, in any event, substantially all payments shall be posted no later than three (3) Servicer Business Days after
receipt.

ii. If any Customer does not pay the full amount of any Bill to the Servicer, the amount paid by the Customer will be applied to all charges on the Bill, including without limitation electric service charges and all
Energy Transition Charges (under the Financing Order or future LPSC orders) and all similar securitization charges (including, without limitation, Storm Recovery Charges) under existing or future LPSC orders, based, as to a Bill with charges
covering more than one month, on the chronological order of billing, and, as to those charges with the same billing date, pro-rata. In addition, such partial collections representing Energy Transition Charges and any other similar securitization
charges (including, without limitation, Storm Recovery Charges) shall be allocated among all such securitization bonds pro-rata based upon the amounts billed with respect to each issuance of securitization bonds, provided that late fees and
charges may be allocated to the Servicer as provided in the Rate Schedules.

iii. The Servicer shall apply payments received to each Customers account in proportion to the charges contained on the outstanding Bill to such Customer. All late charges shall be allocated to the Servicer; provided that penalty payments owed on late payments of Energy Transition Charges shall be allocated to the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Rate Schedules. It is understood that such allocations may
be made on a delayed basis in accordance with the reconciliations described in Section 6(c) of this Annex 1.

iv. The Servicer shall hold all over-payments for the benefit of the Issuer and Cleco Power and shall apply such funds to future Bill charges in accordance with clauses (ii) and (iii) (as applicable) as such charges become due.

v. For Customers on a Budget Billing Plan, the Servicer shall treat ETC Collections received from such Customers as if such Customers had been billed for their respective Energy Transition Charges in the absence of
the Budget Billing Plan; partial payment of a Budget Billing Plan payment shall be allocated according to clause (ii) or (iii) (as applicable) and overpayment of
a Budget Billing Plan payment shall be allocated according to clause (iv).

ANNEX 1-4

c. Accounts; Records.

The Servicer shall maintain accounts and records as to the Energy Transition Property accurately and in accordance with its standard accounting procedures and in sufficient detail (i) to permit reconciliation between payments or recoveries
with respect to the Energy Transition Property and the amounts from time to time remitted to the Collection Account in respect of Energy Transition Property and (ii) to permit the estimated ETC Collections held by the Servicer to be accounted for
separately from the funds with which they may be commingled, so that the dollar amounts of estimated ETC Collections commingled with the Servicers funds may be properly identified and traced. The Servicer will perform periodic reconciliations
(not less than annually) of estimated remittances (including the estimated write-off amount) with actual ETC Collections.

d. Investment of ETC Collections Received.

Prior to each Daily Remittance, the Servicer may invest ETC Collections received at its own risk and (except as required by applicable LPSC Regulations) for its own benefit. So long as the Servicer complies with its obligations under Section
6(c) of this Annex 1, neither such investments nor such funds shall be required to be segregated from the other investment and funds of the Servicer.

e. Calculation of Daily Remittance.

i. For purposes of calculating the Daily Remittance, (i) all Billed ETCs shall be estimated to be collected the same number of days after billing as is equal to the Days Sales Outstanding then in effect (or on the
next Servicer Business Day) and (ii) the Servicer will, on each Servicer Business Day but in no event later than two Servicer Business Days, remit to the Trustee for deposit in the Collection Account an amount equal to the product of the
applicable Billed ETCs multiplied by one hundred percent less the system wide write-off percentage (or if available in the ordinary course of business, gross write-off percentage for each revenue class) used by the Servicer to calculate the most
recent Periodic Billing Requirement. Such product shall constitute the amount of estimated ETC Collections for such Servicer Business Day.

ii. As part of each Energy Transition Charge Adjustment, pursuant to Section 4.01 of the Agreement, the Servicer will reconcile the amount of energy transition charge remittances to the Trustee with the periodic
payment requirement (including scheduled principal and interest payments on the Energy Transition Bonds and Ongoing Financing Costs).The Servicer and the Issuer acknowledge and agree that the Servicers actual collections of Energy Transition
Charges on some days might exceed the Servicers estimated collections, and that the Servicers actual collections of Energy Transition Charges on other days might be less than the Servicers estimated collections. The Servicer and the Issuer
further acknowledge and agree that the amount of these variances is likely to be small and are not likely to be biased in favor of over-remittances or under-remittances. Consequently, so long as the Servicer faithfully makes all daily remittances
based on Days Sales Outstanding, as provided for herein, the Servicer and the Issuer agree that no actual or deemed investment earnings shall be payable in respect of such over-remittances or under-remittances.

ANNEX 1-5

iii. On or before the Calculation Date in May and November of each year, beginning in November 2025, in accordance with Section 4.01(b) of the Agreement, the Servicer shall, in a timely manner so as to perform all
required calculations under such Section 4.01(b), update the Days Sales Outstanding and the system-wide write-off percentage (or if available in the ordinary course of business, gross write-off percentage for each revenue class) in order to be
able to calculate the Periodic Billing Requirement for the next Energy Transition Charge Adjustment and to calculate any change in the Daily Remittances for the next Calculation Period.

iv. The Servicer and the Issuer acknowledge that, as contemplated in Section 8.01(b) of the Agreement, the Servicer may make certain changes to its current computerized Customer information system, which changes,
when functional, would affect the Servicers method of calculating the ETC Collections estimated to have been received by the Servicer during each Collection Period as set forth in this Annex 1. Should
these changes to the computerized Customer information system become functional during the term of the Agreement, the Servicer and the Issuer agree that they shall review the procedures used to calculate the ETC Collections estimated to have been
received in light of the capabilities of such new system and shall amend this Annex 1 in writing to make such modifications and/or substitutions to such procedures as may be appropriate in the interests
of efficiency, accuracy, cost and/or system capabilities; provided, however, that the Servicer may not make any modification or substitution that will materially
adversely affect the Holders. As soon as practicable, and in no event later than sixty (60) Servicer Business Days after the date on which all Customer accounts are being billed under such new system, the Servicer shall notify the Issuer, the
Trustee and the Rating Agencies of the same.

v. All calculations of collections, each update of the Days Sales Outstanding, the system-wide write-off percentage (or if available in the ordinary course of business, gross write-off percentage for each revenue
class) and any changes in procedures used to calculate the estimated ETC Collections pursuant to this Section 6(e) shall be made in good faith, and in the case of any update pursuant to clause (iii) above
or any change in procedures pursuant to clause (iv) above, in a manner reasonably intended to provide estimates and calculations that are at least as accurate as those that would be provided on the date
of the Agreement utilizing the initial procedures.

f. Remittances.

i. The Issuer shall cause to be established the Collection Account in the name of the Trustee in accordance with the Indenture.

ii. The Servicer shall make remittances to the Collection Account in accordance with Section 6.12 of the Agreement.

iii. In the event of any change of account or change of institution affecting any Collection Account, the Issuer shall provide written notice thereof to the Servicer not later than five (5) Business Days from the
effective date of such change.

ANNEX 1-6

APPENDIX A

DEFINITIONS

A. Defined Terms. As used in the Servicing Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings:

17g-5 Website means the password-protected website on which the Servicer shall post any notice, report, request for satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition,
document or other information provided by the Trustee to any Rating Agency under the Indenture or any other Basic Document to which it is a party for the purpose of determining or confirming the credit rating of the Energy Transition Bonds or
undertaking credit rating surveillance.

Adjustment Date means the date other than an Interim Adjustment Date on which any Energy Transition Charge Adjustment (other than an interim (non-semi-annual) Energy Transition Charge Adjustment)
and/or any adjustment to allocation of Energy Transition Charges among Customer Classes, as applicable, becomes effective. The first Adjustment Date will be on or about December 1, 2025 which may be more or less than six months from the date of
this Agreement, but in no event more than nine months therefrom, and all subsequent Adjustment Dates prior to the Scheduled Final Payment Date of the Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bonds shall be on or about the same day of the sixth month after
each prior adjustment date. After the Scheduled Final Payment Date of the Tranche A-2 Energy Transition Bonds, any Adjustment Date shall be on or about the same day of the third month after each prior Adjustment Date.

Administration Agreement means the Administration Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between Cleco Power, as Administrator, and the Issuer, as the same may be amended and supplemented from
time to time.

Administration Fee is defined in Section 2 of the Administration Agreement.

Administrator means Cleco Power as administrator under the Administration Agreement and each successor to or assignee of Cleco Power in the same capacity.

Affiliate means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person controlling or controlled by or under common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, control
when used with respect to any specified Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such specified Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, and the terms
controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

Annual Accountants Report has the meaning assigned to that term in Section 3.04 of the Servicing Agreement.

Applicable MDMA means with respect to each Customer, any meter data management agent providing meter reading services for that Customers account.

ANNEX 1-i

Articles of Organization means the articles of organization of the Issuer that was filed with the Louisiana Secretary of State on November 26, 2024, as the same may be amended and restated from time
to time.

Basic Documents means the Indenture, the Supplement, the Issuers Articles of Organization and Initial Report, the Issuer LLC Agreement, the Administration
Agreement, the Sale Agreement, the Bill of Sale, the Servicing Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Underwriting Agreement.

Bill means each of the regular monthly bills, summary bills, opening bills and closing bills issued to Customers by Cleco Power on its own behalf and in its capacity as Servicer.

Bill of Sale has the meaning assigned to that term in the Sale Agreement.

Billed ETCs means the amounts of Energy Transition Charges billed by the Servicer.

Billing Period means the period of approximately thirty (30) days for which the Servicer renders Bills.

Budget Billing Plan means a payment plan made available by Cleco Power to Customers, who have had service for an established period of time and meet established rating standards, that uses averaged
demand in calculating periodic obligations of the Customer.

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in New York, New York or New Orleans, Louisiana, are, or The Depository
Trust Company is, required or authorized by law or executive order to remain closed.

Calculation Date means, with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds, the date on which the calculations and filings set forth in Section 4.01(b) of the Servicing Agreement will be made for each Energy
Transition Charge Adjustment. The first Calculation Date will be on or about November 14, 2025.

Capital Subaccount has the meaning specified in Section 8.02(a) of the Indenture.

Cleco Power means Cleco Power LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company, or its successor.

Collection Account has the meaning specified in Section 8.02(a) of the Indenture.

Collection Period means the period from and including the first day of a calendar month to but excluding the first day of the next calendar month.

Corporate Trust Office means the office of the Trustee at which at any particular time its corporate trust business shall be administered, which, in the case of The
Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, shall be 2 North LaSalle Street, Suite 700, Chicago Illinois 60602.

ANNEX 1-ii

Customer Class means each of the Energy Transition Charge classes specified in the Rate Schedule ETCA Energy Transition Cost Adjustment and Allocation Methodology Illustrated (Appendix B-1 to the
Financing Order).

Customers means any existing or future retail electric customer receiving any type of service from Cleco Power (or its successors) under rate schedules or special contracts authorized or approved by
the LPSC.

Daily Remittance has the meaning specified in Section 6.12 of the Servicing Agreement.

Days Sales Outstanding means the weighted average number of days Cleco Powers monthly Bills to Customers in its service area remain outstanding during the calendar year immediately preceding the
calculation thereof pursuant to Sections 4.01(b) and 6.12 of the Servicing Agreement. The initial Days Sales Outstanding shall be 20 days until updated pursuant to Section 4.01(b) of the Servicing Agreement.

Designated Account Holder is defined in Section 4 of the Intercreditor Agreement.

DHPS Carrying Charge means the carrying charge that Cleco Power shall recover for carrying costs on the regulatory assets comprising energy transition costs pursuant to
the Financing Order.

Energy Transition Bond means any of the Series 2025-A Senior Secured Energy Transition Bonds issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture.

Energy Transition Bond Balance means, as of any date, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of Energy Transition Bonds on such date.

Energy Transition Bond Register has the meaning specified in Section 2.05 of the Indenture.

Energy Transition Bond Registrar means the Trustee, in its capacity as keeper of the Energy Transition Bond Register, or any successor to the Trustee in such capacity.

Energy Transition Charge Adjustment means each semi-annual adjustment to Energy Transition Charges made in accordance with Section 4.01 of the Servicing Agreement and Annex 1 to the Servicing
Agreement or other quarterly, interim or non-standard adjustment to Energy Transition Charges made in accordance with the Financing Order.

Energy Transition Charges means the nonbypassable amounts to be charged for the use or availability of electric services, approved by the LPSC in the Financing Order to pay principal of the Energy
Transition Bonds and to recover financing costs (as defined in the Securitization Act), that shall be collected by Cleco Power, its successors, assignees or other collection agents as provided for in the Financing Order.

Energy Transition Property means all of Sellers rights and interest under the Financing Order (including, without limitation, rights to impose, collect and receive the energy transition charges (as
defined in the Securitization Act) approved in such Financing Order) issued by the LPSC on November 27, 2024 (Docket No. U-37213) pursuant to the Securitization Act, together with any and all other property described in the Bill of Sale, except
the rights of Seller to earn and receive a rate of return on its invested capital in the Issuer, to receive administration and servicer fees and expenses, to withdraw funds from its restricted energy transition reserve funded by the proceeds from
the sale of the Energy Transition Property, and to recover additional energy transition costs (as described in the Revenue Requirement Order), or to use the Sellers remaining portion of those proceeds and to recover the DHPS Carrying Charge.

ANNEX 1-iii

Energy Transition Property Documentation means all documents relating to the Energy Transition Property, including copies of the Financing Order, the Issuance Advice Letter and all documents filed
with the LPSC in connection with any Energy Transition Charge Adjustment.

ETC Collections means amounts constituting good funds collected by Servicer from any Person in respect of the Energy Transition Charges and the Energy Transition Property.

Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 5.01 of the Indenture.

Excess Funds Subaccount has the meaning specified in Section 8.02(a) of the Indenture.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Expected Amortization Schedule means, with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds, or any Tranche thereof, the expected amortization schedule for principal thereof, as set forth in Schedule 4.01(a)(1)
to the Servicing Agreement.

Expected Sinking Fund Schedule means, with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds, or any Tranche thereof, the expected sinking fund schedule for principal thereof, as set forth in Schedule 4.01(a)(2)
to the Servicing Agreement.

Financing Order means the Financing Order U-37213 issued on November 27, 2024 (Docket No. U-37213) by the LPSC pursuant to the Securitization Act.

General Subaccount means the general subaccount established by the Trustee pursuant to Section 8.02(a) of the Indenture.

Governmental Authority means any nation or government, any federal, state, local or other political subdivision thereof and any court, administrative agency or
other instrumentality or entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative function of government.

Holder or Energy Transition Bondholder means the Person in whose name an Energy Transition Bond of any Tranche is registered on the Energy Transition Bond
Register.

IndemnifiedLosses has the meaning specified in Section 5.03 of the Servicing Agreement.

Indenture means the Indenture, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Issuer, the Trustee and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, as Securities Intermediary, and
the Supplement (including the forms and terms of the Energy Transition Bonds established thereunder), as the same may be amended and supplemented with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds, from time to time.

ANNEX 1-iv

Independent means, when used with respect to any specified Person, that the Person:

(a) is in fact independent of the Issuer, any other obligor upon the Energy Transition Bonds, the Servicer and any Affiliate of any of the foregoing Persons,

(b) does not have any direct financial interest or any material indirect financial interest in the Issuer, any such other obligor, the Servicer or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing Persons and

(c) is not connected with the Issuer, any such other obligor, the Servicer or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing Persons as an officer, employee, promoter, underwriter, trustee, partner, director or person
performing similar functions.

Insolvency Event means, with respect to a specified Person,

(a) the filing of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of such Person or any substantial part of its property in an involuntary case under any applicable federal or
State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of its property, or
ordering the winding-up or liquidation of such Persons affairs, and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days, or

(b) the commencement by such Person of a voluntary case under any applicable federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by such Person to the entry of an
order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or the consent by such Person to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for such Person or for
any substantial part of its property, or the making by such Person of any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure by such Person generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of action by such Person
in furtherance of any of the foregoing.

Intercreditor Agreement means the Intercreditor Agreement dated as of the date hereof, among the Trustee, the Issuer, the Seller, Cleco Securitization I LLC and the other parties thereto, each in the
capacities stated therein, as the same may be amended, modified supplemented or restated from time to time.

Interim Adjustment Date means the effective date of any interim (non-semi-annual) Energy Transition Charge Adjustment.

Issuance Advice Letter means the issuance advice letter filed with the LPSC by Cleco Power pursuant to the Financing Order in connection with the issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds.

Issuer means Cleco Securitization II LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company, or any successor thereto pursuant to the Indenture.

ANNEX 1-v

Issuer LLC Agreement means the Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement between the Issuer and Cleco Power, as sole member, effective as of November 21, 2024, as the same may be amended or
supplemented from time to time.

Lien means a security interest, lien, charge, pledge, equity or encumbrance of any kind.

Louisiana UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of Louisiana.

Louisiana UCC Filing Officer means the clerk of the court of any parish in Louisiana.

LPSC means the Louisiana Public Service Commission or any successor entity thereto.

LPSC Regulations means any regulations, rules, or orders promulgated, issued or adopted by the LPSC.

Majority Holders means the Holders of not less than a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds.

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service Inc., or any successor thereto. References to Moodys are effective so long as Moodys is a rating agency.

Officers Certificate means a certificate signed, in the case of Cleco Power, by:

(a) any manager, the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer, the president, the vice chairman or any executive vice president, senior vice president or vice president; and

(b) the treasurer, any assistant treasurer, the secretary or any assistant secretary.

Ongoing Financing Costs means the ongoing financing costs described as such in the Financing Order, including Operating Expenses, any necessary replenishment
of the Capital Subaccount, any deficiency between the Capital Subaccounts income from investment and the amount of return on investment earned by the Seller, and any other costs identified in the Basic
Documents; provided, however, that Ongoing Financing Costs do not include the Issuers costs of issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds.

Operating Expenses means, with respect to the Issuer, all fees, costs and expenses owed by the Issuer with respect to the Energy

Transition Bonds, including all amounts owed by the Issuer to the Trustee (including any indemnity payments to the Trustee), the Servicing Fee, the Administration Fee, the costs and expenses incurred by the Seller in connection with the
performance of the Sellers obligations under Section 4.08 of the Sale Agreement, the costs and expenses incurred by the Servicer in connection with the performance of the Servicers obligations under Section 5.02(d) of the Servicing Agreement,
the fees payable by the Issuer to the independent manager of the Issuer, administrative expenses, including external legal and external accounting fees, ratings maintenance fees, and all other costs and expenses recoverable by the Issuer under
the terms of the Financing Order.

Opinion of Counsel means one or more written opinions of counsel who may be an employee of or counsel to the Servicer or the Issuer, which counsel shall be reasonably acceptable to the party or
parties receiving such opinion of counsel, and which opinion shall be in form reasonably satisfactory to such party or parties. As to any factual matter involved in an opinion of counsel, such counsel may rely, to the extent they deem such
reliance proper, upon a certificate or certificates setting forth such matters which have been signed by an official, officer, general partner or authorized representative of a particular government authority, corporation, company or other
Person.

ANNEX 1-vi

Outstanding with respect to Energy Transition Bonds means, as of the date of determination, all Energy Transition Bonds theretofore authenticated and delivered under the Indenture except:

(a) Energy Transition Bonds theretofore canceled by the Energy Transition Bond Registrar or delivered to the Energy Transition Bond Registrar for cancellation;

(b) Energy Transition Bonds or portions thereof the payment for which money in the necessary amount has been theretofore deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent in trust for the Holders of such Energy
Transition Bonds; provided, however, that if such Energy Transition Bonds are to be redeemed, notice of such redemption has been duly given pursuant to the Indenture or provision therefor, satisfactory to
the Trustee; and

(c) Energy Transition Bonds in exchange for or in lieu of other Energy Transition Bonds which have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to the Indenture unless proof satisfactory to the Trustee is presented that
any such Energy Transition Bonds are held by a bona fide purchaser;

provided that in determining whether the Holders of the requisite Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds have given
any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver hereunder or under any Basic Document, Energy Transition Bonds owned by the Issuer, any other obligor upon the Energy Transition Bonds, Cleco Power or any Affiliate of any
of the foregoing Persons shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding, except that, in determining whether the Trustee shall be fully protected in relying upon any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or
waiver, only Energy Transition Bonds that a Responsible Officer of the Trustee knows to be so owned shall be so disregarded. Energy Transition Bonds so owned that have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee
establishes to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgees right so to act with respect to such Energy Transition Bonds and that the pledgee is not the Issuer, any other obligor upon the Energy Transition Bonds, the Servicer or any Affiliate
of any of the foregoing Persons.

Outstanding Amount means the aggregate principal amount of all Outstanding Energy Transition Bonds, or, if the context requires, all Outstanding Energy Transition Bonds of a Tranche, Outstanding at
the date of determination.

Paying Agent means the entity so designated in Section 3.03 of the Indenture or any other Person that meets the eligibility standards for the Trustee specified in Section 6.11 of the Indenture and is
authorized by the Issuer to make the payments of principal of or premium, if any, or interest on the Energy Transition Bonds on behalf of the Issuer.

Payment Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3(b) of the Supplement.

Periodic Billing Requirement means the aggregate dollar amount of Energy Transition Charges that must be billed during a given period (i.e., semi-annually, or
such other applicable period) so that the projected ETC Collections will be timely and sufficient to meet the entire aggregate Periodic Payment Requirement for that period, based upon: (i) forecast usage data for the period; (ii) forecast
uncollectibles for the period; and (iii) forecast lags in collection of billed Energy Transition Charges for the period. In the Energy Transition Charge Adjustment process, the over or under collection from any period will be added to or
subtracted from, as the case may be, the Periodic Billing Requirement for the upcoming period.

ANNEX 1-vii

Periodic Payment Requirement means the required periodic payment for a given period (i.e., semi-annually, or such other applicable period) due under (or
otherwise payable with respect to) the Energy Transition Bonds. As to be more fully specified in the bond financing documents, each periodic payment requirement includes: (a) the principal amount of the Energy Transition Bonds in accordance with
the Expected Sinking Fund Schedule (plus deficiencies of previously scheduled principal for any reason); (b) periodic interest on the Energy Transition Bonds (including any accrued and unpaid interest); (c) Operating Expenses (including any
accrued and unpaid amounts); (d) any necessary replenishment of the Capital Subaccount, and (e) Issuers return on the capital investment made by Cleco Power in the Issuer (including any accrued and unpaid amounts so that Cleco Power can earn the
return permitted under the Financing Order).

Person means any individual, corporation, estate, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust (including any beneficiary thereof), business trust, limited liability company,
unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

Proceeding means any suit in equity, action at law or other judicial or administrative proceeding.

Rate Schedules means Rate Schedule ETCA (Energy Transition Charge Adjustment) and Rate Schedule ETSA (Energy Transition Surcredit Adjustment) filed by the Seller pursuant to ordering paragraph 10 of
the Financing Order.

Rating Agency means any rating agency rating the Energy Transition Bonds, at the time of issuance at the request of the Issuer, which initially shall be Moodys and Standard & Poors. If no such
organization or successor is any longer in existence, Rating Agency shall be a nationally recognized statistical rating organization or other comparable Person designated by the Issuer, written notice of which designation shall be given to the
Trustee and the Servicer.

Rating Agency Condition means, with respect to any action, at least ten (10) Business Days prior written notification to each Rating Agency of such action, and
written confirmation from each of S&P and Moodys to the Servicer, the Trustee and the Issuer that such action will not result in a suspension, reduction or withdrawal of the then current rating by such Rating Agency of any Tranche of the Energy

Transition Bonds and that prior to the taking of the proposed action no other Rating Agency shall have provided written notice to the Issuer that such action has resulted or would result in the suspension,
reduction or withdrawal of the then current rating of any such Tranche of the Energy Transition Bonds; provided, that, if within such ten (10) Business Day period, any Rating Agency (other than
S&P) has neither replied to such notification nor responded in a manner that indicates that such Rating Agency is reviewing and considering the notification, then (i) the Issuer shall be required to confirm that such Rating Agency has
received the Rating Agency Condition request, and if it has, promptly request the related Rating Agency Condition confirmation and (ii) if the Rating Agency neither replies to such notification nor responds in a manner that indicates it is
reviewing and considering the notification within five (5) Business Days following such second (2nd)
request, the applicable Rating Agency Condition requirement shall not be deemed to apply to such Rating Agency. For the purposes of this definition, any confirmation, request, acknowledgment or approval that is required to be in writing may be
in the form of electronic mail or a press release (which may contain a general waiver of a Rating Agencys right to review or consent).

ANNEX 1-viii

Regulation AB means the rules of the SEC promulgated under Subpart 229.1100Asset Backed Securities (Regulation AB), 17 C.F.R. 229.1100-229.1123, as such may be amended from time to time.

Reimbursable Expenses has the meaning specified in Section 6.07(c) of the Servicing Agreement.

Released Parties has the meaning specified in Section 6.02(f) of the Servicing Agreement.

Replacement Servicer is defined in Section 4 of the Intercreditor Agreement.

Requirement of Law means any foreign, federal, state or local laws, statutes, regulations, rules, codes or ordinances enacted, adopted, issued or promulgated by any Governmental Authority or common
law.

Responsible Officer means, with respect to the Trustee, any officer within the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, including any Vice President, Director, Managing Officer, associate, Assistant
Vice President, Secretary, Assistant Secretary, or any other officer of the Trustee having direct responsibility for the administration of the Indenture and also, with respect to a particular matter, any other officer to whom such matter is
referred because of such officers knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject, and with respect to the Issuer, any officer, including President, Vice President, Secretary, Assistant Secretary, Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer, of
the Issuer, or any Manager.

Return on Invested Capital has the meaning specified in Appendix A to the Indenture.

Revenue Requirement Order means Order No. U-35753-A issued by the LPSC in Docket No. U-35753 on May 16, 2024.

S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc. or any successor in interest. References to S&P are effective so long as S&P is a rating agency.

Sale Agreement means the Energy Transition Property Sale Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, relating to the Energy Transition Property, by and between the Seller and the Issuer, as the same may
be amended and supplemented from time to time.

Scheduled Final Payment Date means the date by which the principal of a tranche of the Energy Transition Bonds is expected to
be repaid in full in accordance with the Expected Amortization Schedule.

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

ANNEX 1-ix

Securitization Act means the Louisiana Electric Utility Energy Transition Securitization Act, as amended, codified at La. R.S. 45:1271-1281.

Seller means Cleco Power, or its successor, in its capacity as seller of the Energy Transition Property to the Issuer pursuant to the Sale Agreement.

Semi-annual Servicers Certificate means the statement prepared by the Servicer and delivered to the Trustee with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds, on or prior to each Payment Date therefor,
the form of which is attached to the Servicing Agreement as Exhibit B.

Servicer means Cleco Power, as the servicer of the Energy Transition Property, and each successor to or assignee of Cleco Power (in the same capacity) pursuant to Section 6.03, 6.04, or 7.04 of the
Servicing Agreement.

ServicerBusiness Day means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the City of New Orleans, Louisiana, Chicago,
Illinois, St. Paul, Minnesota or in the City of New York, New York, are required or authorized by law or executive order to remain closed, on which the Servicer maintains normal office hours and conducts business.

Servicer Default means the occurrence and continuation of one of the events specified in Section 7.01 of the Servicing Agreement.

Servicer Policies and Practices means, with respect to the Servicers duties under the Servicing Agreement, including Annex 1 to the Servicing Agreement, the policies and practices of the Servicer
applicable to such duties that the Servicer follows with respect to comparable assets that it services for itself and, if applicable, others.

Servicer Responsible Officer means any officer, including President, Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President, Vice President, Secretary, Assistant Secretary, Treasurer or Assistant
Treasurer, of the Servicer.

Servicing Agreement or this Agreement means the Energy Transition Property Servicing Agreement dated as of March 12, 2025, by and between the Issuer and
the Servicer, and accepted and acknowledged by the Trustee, relating to the Energy Transition Property as the same may be amended and supplemented from time to time.

Servicing Fee means the fee payable by the Issuer to the Servicer on each Payment Date with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds, in an amount specified in Section 6.07 of the Servicing Agreement.

Special Payment Date means the date on which, with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds, any payment of principal of or interest (including any interest
accruing upon default) on, or any other amount in respect of, the Energy Transition Bonds that is not actually paid within five days of the Payment Date applicable thereto is to be made by the Trustee to the Holders.

Sponsor means Cleco Power in its capacity as the Person who organizes and initiates an asset-backed securities transaction by selling or transferring assets, either directly or indirectly, to the
Issuer.

State means any one of the 50 states of the United States of America or the District of Columbia.

Storm Recovery Charges means the nonbypassable amounts to be charged for the use or availability of electric services, approved by the LPSC in the Financing Order
U-35807-B issued on April 1, 2022 (Docket No. U-35807) by the LPSC or in future financing orders issued by the LPSC under the Louisiana Electric Utility Storm Recovery Securitization Act.

ANNEX 1-x

Successor Servicer means (i) a successor to Cleco Power pursuant to Section 6.03 of the Servicing Agreement or (ii) a successor Servicer appointed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 7.04 of the
Servicing Agreement which in each case will succeed to all the rights and duties of the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement.

Supplement means the Series Supplement, dated as of the date hereof, to the Indenture by and between the Issuer and the Trustee that authorizes the Energy Transition Bonds.

Termination Notice has the meaning specified in Section 7.01 of the Servicing Agreement.

Third-Party Supplier is a third-party supplier that is authorized by law to sell electric service to a customer using the transmission or distribution system of Cleco Power.

Tranche means any one of the tranches of Energy Transition Bonds, as specified in the Supplement.

Trust Estate has the meaning specified in the Supplement.

Trustee means The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as indenture trustee, or its successor or any successor Trustee under the Indenture.

UCC means, unless the context otherwise requires, the Uniform Commercial Code, as in effect in the relevant jurisdiction, as amended from time to time.

Underwriting Agreement has the meaning specified in the Indenture.

Utility is defined in the introduction of the Intercreditor Agreement.

B. Other Terms. All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. To the extent that the
definitions of accounting terms in the Servicing Agreement are inconsistent with the meanings of such terms under generally accepted accounting principles or regulatory accounting principles, the definitions contained in the Servicing Agreement
shall control. As used in the Servicing Agreement, the term including means including without limitation, and other forms of the verb to include have correlative meanings. All references to any Person shall include such Persons
permitted successors.

C. Computation of Time Periods. Unless otherwise stated in the Servicing Agreement, in the computation of a period of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word
from means from and including and the words to and until each means to but excluding.

D. Reference; Captions. The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in the Servicing Agreement shall refer to the Servicing Agreement as a whole
and not to any particular provision of the Servicing Agreement; and references to Section, subsection, Schedule, Exhibit and Annex in the Servicing Agreement are references to Sections, subsections,
Schedule, Exhibits and Annex in or to the Servicing Agreement unless otherwise specified in the Servicing Agreement. The various captions (including the tables of contents) in the Servicing Agreement are provided solely for convenience of
reference and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of the Servicing Agreement.

ANNEX 1-xi

E. Number; Gender. The definitions contained in this Appendix A are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as to the
feminine and neuter forms of such terms.

ANNEX 1-xii
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ny20039729x11_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

ENERGY TRANSITION PROPERTY SALE AGREEMENT

between

CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC

Issuer

and

CLECO POWER LLC

Seller

Dated as of March 12, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 

1

Section 1.01 

Definitions 

1

Section 1.02 

Other Definitional Provisions 

1

ARTICLE II CONVEYANCE OF THE ENERGY TRANSITION PROPERTY 

2

Section 2.01 

Conveyance of the Energy Transition Property 

2

Section 2.02 

Conditions to Conveyance of the Energy Transition Property 

2

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER 

3

Section 3.01 

Organization and Good Standing 

4

Section 3.02 

Due Qualification 

4

Section 3.03 

Power and Authority 

4

Section 3.04 

Binding Obligation 

4

Section 3.05 

No Violation 

4

Section 3.06 

No Proceedings 

4

Section 3.07 

Approvals 

5

Section 3.08 

The Energy Transition Property 

5

Section 3.09 

Solvency 

6

Section 3.10 

The Financing Order 

7

Section 3.11 

State Action 

7

Section 3.12 

No Court Order 

8

Section 3.13 

Approvals Concerning the Energy Transition Property 

8

Section 3.14 

No Right of Louisiana Voters to Act by Initiative or Referendum 9

Section 3.15 

Tax Liens 9

Section 3.16 

Assumptions 

9

Section 3.17 

Creation of the Energy Transition Property 

9

Section 3.18 

Prospectus 

10

Section 3.19 

Nature of Representations and Warranties 

10

Section 3.20 

Waivers of Legal Warranties 

10

ARTICLE IV COVENANTS OF THE SELLER 

11

Section 4.01 

Sellers Existence 

11

Section 4.02 

No Liens or Conveyances 

11

Section 4.03 

Use of Proceeds 

11

Section 4.04 

Delivery of Collections 

12

i

Section 4.05 

Notice of Liens 

12

Section 4.06 

Compliance with Law 

12

Section 4.07 

Covenants Related to the Energy Transition Property 

12

Section 4.08 

Protection of Title 

14

Section 4.09 

Taxes 

14

Section 4.10 

Filings Pursuant to Financing Order 

15

Section 4.11 

Issuance Advice Letter 

15

Section 4.12 

Rate Schedules 

15

Section 4.13 

Notice of Breach to Rating Agencies, Etc. 

15

Section 4.14 

Further Assurances 

15

ARTICLE V ADDITIONAL UNDERTAKINGS OF SELLER 

15

Section 5.01 

LIABILITY OF THE SELLER; INDEMNITIES 

15

Section 5.02 

Merger, Conversion or Consolidation of, or Assumption of the Obligations of, the Seller 

18

Section 5.03 

Limitation on Liability of the Seller and Others 

20

ARTICLE VI MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

20

Section 6.01 

Amendment 

20

Section 6.02 

Notices 

21

Section 6.03 

Assignment by the Seller 

22

Section 6.04 

Pledge to the Trustee 

22

Section 6.05 

Limitations on Rights of Others 

22

Section 6.06 

Severability 

22

Section 6.07 

Separate Counterparts 

22

Section 6.08 

Headings 

22

Section 6.09 

Governing Law 

22

Section 6.10 

Limitation of Liability 

23

Section 6.11 

Waivers 

23

Section 6.12 

Nonpetition Covenants 

23

APPENDIX ADEFINITIONS 

1

EXHIBIT A BILL OF SALE 

1

SCHEDULE 1 to BILL OF SALE 

1

ii

ENERGY TRANSITION PROPERTY SALE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) dated as of March 12, 2025, between CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company (the Issuer), and CLECO POWER
LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company, as seller (the Seller).

WHEREAS, the Issuer desires to purchase the Energy Transition Property created pursuant to the Securitization Act and the Financing Order;

WHEREAS, the Seller is willing to sell its rights and interests in and to the Energy Transition Property to the Issuer;

WHEREAS, the Issuer, in order to finance the purchase of the Energy Transition Property, will issue the Energy Transition Bonds under the Indenture; and

WHEREAS, the Issuer, to secure its obligations under the Energy Transition Bonds and the Indenture, will pledge its right, title and interest in the Energy Transition Property and this Agreement to
the Trustee for the benefit of the Energy Transition Bondholders.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01Definitions. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein have the
meanings assigned to them in Appendix A to this Agreement. Not all terms defined in Appendix A to this Agreement are used in this Agreement.

Section 1.02Other Definitional Provisions.

(a) Agreement means this Energy Transition Property Sale Agreement, as the same may be amended and supplemented from time to
time.

(b) Non-capitalized terms used herein which are defined in the Securitization Act, as the context requires, have the meanings
assigned to such terms in the Securitization Act, but without giving effect to amendments to the Securitization Act after the date hereof which have a material adverse effect on the Issuer or the Energy Transition Bondholders.

(c) All terms defined in this Agreement shall have such defined meanings when used in any certificate or other document made or
delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined therein.

(d) The words hereof, herein, hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement
as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement; Section, Schedule and Exhibit references contained in this Agreement are references to Sections, Schedules and Exhibits in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified; and the
term including shall mean including without limitation.

1

(e) The definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms.

ARTICLE II

CONVEYANCE OF THE ENERGY TRANSITION PROPERTY

Section 2.01Conveyance of the Energy Transition Property.

(a) In consideration of the Issuers payment to or upon the order of the Seller of $301,947,514.17 (the Purchase Price),
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions specified in Section 2.02, the Seller does hereby irrevocably sell, transfer, assign, set over and otherwise convey to the Issuer, without recourse (subject, for the avoidance of doubt, to the
express obligations of the Seller herein) or warranty, except as set forth herein, all right, title and interest of the Seller in and to the Energy Transition Property as identified in the Bill of Sale delivered pursuant to Section 2.02(i) on or
prior to the Closing Date (such sale, transfer, assignment, setting over and conveyance of the Energy Transition Property to include, to the fullest extent permitted by the Securitization Act, the right to impose, collect and receive the Energy
Transition Charges, as the same may be adjusted from time to time). Such sale, transfer, assignment, setting over and conveyance of the Energy Transition Property is hereby expressly stated to be a sale or other absolute transfer and, pursuant to
Section 1275(1) of the Securitization Act and other applicable law, is a true sale and is not a secured transaction and title and ownership has passed to the Issuer. The preceding sentence is the statement referred to in Section 1275 of the
Securitization Act. The Seller agrees and confirms that upon payment of the Purchase Price and the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Bill of Sale, the sale, transfer and assignment hereunder shall be effective and the Seller shall
have no right, title or interest in, to or under the Energy Transition Property.

(b) Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of conditions specified in Section 2.02, the Issuer does hereby purchase the Energy
Transition Property from the Seller for the consideration set forth in Section 2.01(a).

(c) The Seller and the Issuer each acknowledge and agree that the purchase price for the Energy Transition Property sold
pursuant to this Agreement is equal to its fair market value at the time of sale.

Section 2.02Conditions to Conveyance of the Energy Transition Property. The obligation of the Seller to
sell, and the obligation of the Issuer to purchase the Energy Transition Property on the Closing Date shall be subject to and conditioned upon the satisfaction or waiver of each of the following conditions: 

(i) on or prior to the Closing Date, the Seller shall deliver to the Issuer a duly executed Bill of Sale identifying the Energy
Transition Property, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto;

2

(ii) as of the Closing Date, the representations and warranties of the Seller in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all
material respects and no material breach by the Seller of its covenants in this Agreement shall exist and the Seller shall have delivered to the Issuer and the Trustee an Officers Certificate to such effect and no Servicer Default shall have
occurred and be continuing;

(iii) as of the Closing Date:

(A) the Issuer shall have sufficient funds available to pay the Purchase Price,

(B) all conditions set forth in the Indenture to the issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds shall have been satisfied or waived,
and

(C) the Seller is not insolvent and will not have been made insolvent by the sale of the Energy Transition Property and the
Seller is not aware of any pending insolvency with respect to itself.

(iv) on or prior to the Closing Date, the Seller shall have taken all actions required under the Securitization Act, the Financing
Order and other applicable law for the Issuer to have ownership of the Energy Transition Property, free and clear of all Liens other than Liens created by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture; and the Issuer, or the Servicer on behalf of the
Issuer, shall have taken any action required for the Issuer to grant the Trustee a first priority perfected security interest in the Trust Estate and maintain such security interest as of such date (including all actions required under the
Securitization Act, the Financing Order and the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted in the State of Louisiana and each other applicable jurisdiction (the UCC));

(v) the Seller shall have delivered to each Rating Agency and to the Issuer any Opinions of Counsel requested by the Rating
Agencies;

(vi) the Seller shall have delivered to the Trustee and the Issuer an Officers Certificate confirming the satisfaction of each
relevant condition precedent specified in this Section 2.02; and

(vii) the Seller shall have received the Purchase Price in funds immediately available on the Closing Date.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER

As of the Closing Date, the Seller makes the following representations and warranties on which the Issuer has relied and will rely in acquiring the Energy Transition Property. The following
representations and warranties are made under existing law as in effect as of the Closing Date. The Seller shall not be in breach of any representation or warranty herein as a result of a change in law occurring after the Closing Date, including
by means of legislative enactment, constitutional amendment or voter initiative. The representations and warranties shall survive the sale and transfer of the Energy Transition Property to the Issuer and the pledge thereof on the Closing Date to
the Trustee pursuant to the Indenture.

3

Section 3.01Organization and Good Standing. The Seller is a limited liability company duly organized and
in good standing under the laws of the State of Louisiana, with limited liability company power and authority to own its properties and to conduct its business as currently owned or conducted.

Section 3.02Due Qualification. The Seller is duly qualified to do business as a foreign limited
liability company in good standing, and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals, in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualifications, licenses or approvals (except
where the failure to so qualify or obtain such licenses and approvals would not be reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Sellers business, operations, assets, revenues or properties).

Section 3.03Power and Authority. The Seller has the limited liability company power and authority to
obtain the Financing Order and to execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry out its terms; the Seller has the limited liability company power and authority to own the rights and interests under the Financing Order, and to sell and assign the
rights and interests under the Financing Order and in the Energy Transition Property to the Issuer; and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been duly authorized by the Seller by all necessary limited liability company
action.

Section 3.04Binding Obligation. This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the
Seller, enforceable against the Seller in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and other laws relating to or affecting creditors or secured parties rights
generally from time to time in effect and to general principles of equity (including concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing), regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

Section 3.05No Violation. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
Intercreditor Agreement and the fulfillment of the terms hereof and thereof do not: (i) conflict with or result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under, the
articles of organization or limited liability company operating agreement of the Seller, each as amended to the date of this Agreement, or any indenture, mortgage, credit agreement or other agreement or instrument to which the Seller is a party or
by which it or its properties is bound; (ii) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of the Sellers properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, agreement or other instrument (except for any Lien created by the Issuer
under the Basic Documents in favor of the Energy Transition Bondholders and in accordance with Section 1276 of the Securitization Act); or (iii) violate any existing law or any existing order, rule or regulation applicable to the Seller of any
Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Seller or its properties.

Section 3.06No Proceedings. There are no proceedings pending and, to the Sellers knowledge, (x) there are
no proceedings threatened and (y) there are no investigations pending or threatened before any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Seller or its properties involving or relating to the Seller, its properties or the Issuer or, to the
Sellers knowledge, any other Person:

4

(i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement, any of the other Basic Documents, the Energy Transition Bonds, the Securitization Act, the
Issuance Advice Letter or the Financing Order;

(ii) seeking to prevent the issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or any of the other Basic Documents;

(iii) seeking any determination or ruling that could reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the performance by the Seller of its
obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement, any of the other Basic Documents, the Securitization Act, the Issuance Advice Letter, the Financing Order or the Energy Transition Bonds; or

(iv) challenging the Sellers treatment of the Energy Transition Bonds as debt of the Seller for federal or state income, gross receipts or franchise
tax purposes.

Section 3.07Approvals. Except for continuation filings under the UCC and the Securitization Act, no
approval, authorization, consent, order or other action of, or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required under any applicable law, rule or regulation in connection with the execution and delivery by the Seller of this Agreement or the
Intercreditor Agreement, the performance by the Seller of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Intercreditor Agreement or the fulfillment by the Seller of the terms of this Agreement or the Intercreditor Agreement, except those
that have been obtained or made and those that the Seller, in its capacity as Servicer under the Servicing Agreement, is required to make in the future pursuant to the Servicing Agreement.

Section 3.08The Energy Transition Property.

(a) Information. Subject to Section 3.16, all written information, as amended or supplemented from time to time prior to the
date this representation is made, provided by the Seller to the Issuer with respect to the Energy Transition Property (including the Financing Order and the Issuance Advice Letter) is correct in all material respects and does not omit any material
facts required to be included therein and all historical data for the purpose of calculating the initial Energy Transition Charges in the Issuance Advice Letter and the assumptions used for such calculations are reasonable and such calculations
were made in good faith.

5

(b) Effect of Transfer. It is the intention of the parties hereto that (other than for United States federal income tax
purposes and, to the extent consistent with applicable state tax laws, state income and franchise tax purposes) the sale, transfer, assignment, setting over and conveyance herein contemplated constitutes a sale or other absolute transfer of all
right, title and interest of the Seller in and to the Energy Transition Property from the Seller to the Issuer. Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Bill of Sale and payment of the Purchase Price, the Seller will have no right,
title or interest in, to or under the Energy Transition Property; and that the Energy Transition Property would not be a part of the estate of the Seller as debtor in the event of the filing of a bankruptcy petition by or against the Seller under
any bankruptcy law. No portion of the Energy Transition Property has been sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or otherwise conveyed by the Seller to any person other than the Issuer, and, to the Sellers knowledge, no security arrangement,
financing statement or equivalent security or lien instrument listing the Seller, as debtor, and all or a portion of the Energy Transition Property, as collateral, is on file or of record in Louisiana, except such as may have been filed or recorded
in favor of the Issuer or the Trustee in connection with the Basic Documents.

(c) Transfer Filings.

(i) The Seller is the sole owner of all the rights and interests under the Financing Order to be sold to the Issuer on the Closing Date.

(ii) On the Closing Date, immediately upon the sale hereunder, the Energy Transition Property will have been validly sold, assigned, transferred, set
over and conveyed to the Issuer free and clear of all Liens (except for any Lien created by the Issuer under the Basic Documents in favor of the Energy Transition Bondholders and in accordance with Section 1276 of the Securitization Act).

(iii) All actions or filings (including filings with the Louisiana UCC Filing Officer in accordance with the rules prescribed under the
Securitization Act and the UCC) necessary in any jurisdiction to give the Issuer a perfected ownership interest (subject to any Lien created by the Issuer under the Basic Documents in favor of the Energy Transition Bondholders and in accordance
with Section 1276 of the Securitization Act) in the Energy Transition Property and to grant to the Trustee a first priority perfected security interest in the Energy Transition Property, free and clear of all Liens of the Seller or anyone else
(except for any Lien created by the Issuer under the Basic Documents in favor of the Energy Transition Bondholders and in accordance with Section 1276 of the Securitization Act), have been taken or made.

Section 3.09Solvency. After giving effect to the sale of the Energy Transition Property hereunder, the
Seller:

(i) is solvent and expects to remain solvent,

(ii) is adequately capitalized to conduct its business and affairs considering its size and the nature of its business and intended purposes,

(iii) is not engaged and does not expect to engage in a business for which its remaining property represents an unreasonably small portion of its
capital,

(iv) reasonably believes that it will be able to pay its debts as they come due, and

6

(v) is able to pay its debts as they come due and does not intend to incur, or believes that it will incur, indebtedness that it will not be able
to repay at its maturity.

Section 3.10The Financing Order.

(a) The Financing Order was issued by the Louisiana Commission on November 27, 2024 in accordance with the Securitization Act;
the Financing Order and the process by which it was issued comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the State of Louisiana and the federal laws of the United States, and the Financing Order is final, non-appealable and in full
force and effect.

(b) As of the date of issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds, the Energy Transition Bonds will be entitled to the protections
provided by the Securitization Act and the Financing Order, the Issuance Advice Letter and the Energy Transition Charges authorized therein will have become irrevocable and not subject to reduction, impairment or adjustment by further action of the
Louisiana Commission, except as permitted by Section 1273(C)(4) of the Securitization Act, and the Issuance Advice Letter has been filed in accordance with the Financing Order. The Issuance Advice Letter and the Rate Schedules have been filed in
accordance with the Financing Order and an officer of the Seller has provided the certification to the Louisiana Commission required by the Issuance Advice Letter. The initial Energy Transition Charges and the final terms of the Energy Transition
Bonds set forth in the Issuance Advice Letter have become effective. No other approval, authorization, consent, order or other action of, or filing with any Governmental Authority is required in connection with the creation of the Energy
Transition Property transferred on such date, except those that have been obtained or made.

Section 3.11State Action.

(a) Under the Securitization Act, the State of Louisiana and the Louisiana Legislature have each pledged that it will not alter
the provisions of the Securitization Act that authorize the Louisiana Commission to create an irrevocable contract right by the issuance of a financing order, to create Energy Transition Property and to make the Energy Transition Charges imposed by
a financing order irrevocable, binding and nonbypassable charges, take or permit any action that would impair the value of the Energy Transition Property, take or permit any action that impairs or would impair the rights and remedies of the Issuer,
any other assignee, any Bondholder or other financing parties, or the security for the Energy Transition Bonds, or, except as permitted in Section 1273(C)(4) of the Securitization Act, reduce, alter or impair the Energy Transition Charges until the
principal, interest and premium, and any other charges incurred and contracts to be performed in connection with the Energy Transition Bonds, have been paid and performed in full.

7

(b) Under the laws of the State of Louisiana and the federal laws of the United States, a reviewing court of competent
jurisdiction would hold that (x) the State of Louisiana and the Louisiana Legislature could not constitutionally take any action of a legislative character, including the repeal or amendment of the Securitization Act, which would substantially
limit, alter or impair the Energy Transition Property or other rights vested in the Energy Transition Bondholders pursuant to the Financing Order, or substantially limit, alter, impair or reduce the value or amount of the Energy Transition
Property, unless such action is a reasonable and necessary exercise of the State of Louisianas sovereign powers based on reasonable conditions and of a character reasonable and appropriate to the emergency or other significant and legitimate
public purpose justifying such action, and that an evident and more moderate course would not serve the State of Louisianas purposes equally well, and, (y) under the takings clauses of the State of Louisiana and United States Constitutions, if the
court concludes that the Energy Transition Property is protected by the takings clauses, the State of Louisiana could not repeal or amend the Securitization Act or take any other action in contravention of its pledge referred to in subsection (a)
above without paying just compensation to the Energy Transition Bondholders, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, if doing so would constitute a permanent appropriation of a substantial property interest of the Energy Transition
Bondholders in the Energy Transition Property and deprive the Energy Transition Bondholders of their reasonable expectations arising from their investments in the Energy Transition Bonds; however, there is no assurance that, even if a court were to
award just compensation, it would be sufficient to pay the full amount of principal of and interest on the Energy Transition Bonds.

(c) Under the laws of the State of Louisiana and the United States Constitution, a Louisiana state court reviewing an appeal of
Louisiana Commission action of a legislative character would conclude that the Louisiana Commission Pledge (i) creates a binding contractual obligation of the State of Louisiana for purposes of the contract clauses of the United States and
Louisiana Constitutions, and (ii) provides a basis upon which the Energy Transition Bondholders could challenge successfully any action of the Louisiana Commission of a legislative character, including the rescission or amendment of the Financing
Order, that such court determines violates the Louisiana Commission Pledge in a manner that substantially reduces, alters or impairs the value of the Energy Transition Property or the Energy Transition Charges, prior to the time that the Energy
Transition Bonds are paid in full and discharged, unless there is a judicial finding that the Louisiana Commission action clearly is exercised for a public end and is reasonably necessary to the accomplishment of that public end so as not to be
arbitrary, capricious or an abuse of authority. There is no assurance, however, that even if a court were to award just compensation it would be sufficient to pay the full amount of principal and interest on the Energy Transition Bonds.

Section 3.12No Court Order. There is no order by any court providing for the revocation, alteration,
limitation or other impairment of the Securitization Act, the Financing Order, the Issuance Advice Letter, the Energy Transition Property or the Energy Transition Charges or any rights arising under any of them or that seeks to enjoin the
performance of any obligations under the Financing Order.

Section 3.13Approvals Concerning the Energy Transition Property. Under the laws of the State of
Louisiana and the federal laws of the United States in effect on the date hereof, no other approval, authorization, consent, order or other action of, or filing with any Governmental Authority is required in connection with the creation or transfer
of the Sellers rights and interests under the Financing Order and the Issuers purchase of the Energy Transition Property from the Seller, except those that have been obtained or made.

8

Section 3.14No Right of Louisiana Voters to Act by Initiative or Referendum. Apart from amending the
Constitution of the State of Louisiana, the citizens of the State of Louisiana currently do not have the constitutional right to adopt or revise state laws by initiative or referendum.

Section 3.15Tax Liens. The Seller is not aware of any judgment or tax Lien filings against the Issuer or
the Seller that would result in a Lien on the Energy Transition Property.

Section 3.16Assumptions. Based on information available to the Seller on the date hereof, the
assumptions used in calculating the Energy Transition Charges in the Issuance Advice Letter are reasonable and made in good faith; however, notwithstanding the foregoing, THE SELLER MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR
WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, THAT BILLED ENERGY TRANSITION CHARGES WILL BE ACTUALLY COLLECTED FROM CUSTOMERS, OR THAT AMOUNTS ACTUALLY COLLECTED ARISING FROM THE ENERGY TRANSITION CHARGES WILL IN FACT BE SUFFICIENT TO MEET THE PAYMENT
OBLIGATIONS ON THE ENERGY TRANSITION BONDS OR THAT THE ASSUMPTIONS USED IN CALCULATING SUCH ENERGY TRANSITION CHARGES WILL IN FACT BE REALIZED.

Section 3.17Creation of the Energy Transition Property.

(a) Upon the effectiveness of the Financing Order, the transfer of the Sellers rights and interests under the Financing Order
related to the Energy Transition Bonds and the Issuers purchase of the Energy Transition Property from the Seller pursuant to this Agreement, the Energy Transition Property will constitute a present contract right vested in the Issuer.

(b) Upon the effectiveness of the Financing Order, the Issuance Advice Letter and the Rate Schedules, the transfer of the
Sellers rights and interests under the Financing Order and the Issuers purchase of the Energy Transition Property from the Seller pursuant to this Agreement, the Energy Transition Property includes:

(i) the right to impose, bill, charge, collect and receive the Energy Transition Charges, including the right to receive
Energy Transition Charges in amounts and at all times projected to be sufficient to pay scheduled principal of and interest on the Energy Transition Bonds,

(ii) all rights and interest of the Seller under the Financing Order, except the rights of Seller to earn and receive a rate of
return on its invested capital in the Issuer, to receive administration and servicer fees and expenses, to withdraw funds from its restricted energy transition reserve funded by the proceeds from the sale of the Energy Transition Property and to
recover additional energy transition costs (as described in the Revenue Requirement Order), or to use the Sellers remaining portion of the Purchase Price, and to recover the DHPS Carrying Charge,

9

(iii) the right to enforce the obligations of Cleco Power to collect and service the Energy Transition Charges,

(iv) the rights to file for and obtain periodic adjustments of the Energy Transition Charges as provided in the Financing Order, and

(v) all revenues, collections, claims, rights to payment, payments, money, or proceeds arising from the rights and interests resulting from the
Energy Transition Charges.

For the avoidance of doubt, the Energy Transition Property does not include Sellers rights under the Basic Documents.

(c) Upon the effectiveness of the Issuance Advice Letter and the Rate Schedules, the transfer of the Sellers rights and
interests under the Financing Order and the Issuers purchase of the Energy Transition Property from the Seller on the Closing Date pursuant to this Agreement, the Energy Transition Property will not be subject to any Lien created by a previous
indenture.

Section 3.18Prospectus. As of the date hereof, the information describing the Seller under the captions
Review of Energy Transition Property and The Depositor, Seller, Initial Servicer and Sponsor in the Issuers prospectus dated March 5, 2025 relating to the Energy Transition Bonds (the Prospectus) is true and correct in all material respects.

Section 3.19Nature of Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties set forth in
Section 3.08 and Section 3.10 through Section 3.18, insofar as they involve conclusions of law, are made not on the basis that the Seller purports to be a legal expert or to be rendering legal advice, but rather to reflect the parties good faith
understanding of the legal basis on which the parties are entering into this Agreement and the other Basic Documents and the basis on which the Energy Transition Bondholders are purchasing the Energy Transition Bonds, and to reflect the parties
agreement that, if such understanding turns out to be incorrect or inaccurate, the Seller will be obligated to indemnify the Issuer and its permitted assigns (to the extent required by and in accordance with Section 5.01), and that the Issuer and
its permitted assigns will be entitled to enforce any rights and remedies under the Basic Documents on account of such inaccuracy to the same extent as if the Seller had breached any other representations or warranties hereunder.

Section 3.20Waivers of Legal Warranties. The Seller makes no representation or warranty, express or
implied, as to the solvency of any Customer on the Closing Date or as to the future solvency of any Customer. Further, the Issuer waives any right to rescind this Agreement or any conveyance pursuant to this Agreement in case of insolvency of any
Customer, regardless of any actual or implied knowledge by Seller at any time of the insolvency of any Customer. Additionally, the Issuer agrees that this Agreement is not subject to a suspensive condition under Louisiana Civil Code Article 2450,
notwithstanding that the imposition and collection of Energy Transition Charges depends upon future acts such as the Servicer performing its servicing functions relating to the collection of Energy Transition Charges, the future provision of
electric service to Customers, and the future consumption by Customers of electricity.

10

ARTICLE IV

COVENANTS OF THE SELLER

Section 4.01Sellers Existence. Subject to Section 5.02, so long as any of the Energy Transition Bonds
are outstanding, the Seller (i) shall keep in full force and effect its existence and remain in good standing under the laws of the state of its organization, and shall obtain and preserve its qualification to do business in each jurisdiction in
which such qualification is or will be necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of this Agreement and each other instrument or agreement to which the Seller is a party necessary to the proper administration of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby and (ii) hereby agrees to continue to operate its system to provide transmission and distribution delivery service to its customers; and, to the extent that any interest in Energy Transition Property is assigned,
sold or transferred to another assignee, the Seller shall enter into an agreement with that assignee that requires the Seller to continue to operate its transmission and distribution delivery system to provide service to the Sellers Louisiana
Commission-jurisdictional customers; and further (in each case) the Seller will undertake to collect, account and remit amounts in respect of the Energy Transition Charges for the benefit and account of such assignee; provided, however, that this
provision shall not prohibit the Seller from selling, assigning, or otherwise divesting its transmission system or distribution system (or any portions thereof) providing service to the Sellers Louisiana Commission-jurisdictional customers, by any
method whatsoever, including those specified in the Financing Order pursuant to which an entity becomes a successor, so long as the entities acquiring either such system or portion thereof agree to continue operating such facilities to provide
service to Louisiana Commission-jurisdictional customers.

Section 4.02No Liens or Conveyances. Except for the conveyances hereunder or any Lien under the Basic
Documents pursuant to Section 1276 of the Securitization Act for the benefit of the Trustee and the Energy Transition Bondholders, the Seller shall not sell, pledge, assign or transfer to any other Person, or grant, create, incur, assume or suffer
to exist any Lien on, any of the Energy Transition Property, whether now existing or hereafter created, or any interest therein. The Seller shall not at any time assert any Lien against or with respect to the Energy Transition Property, and shall
defend the right, title and interest of the Issuer and the Trustee, as assignee of the Issuer, in, to and under the Energy Transition Property against all claims of third parties claiming through or under the Seller.

Section 4.03Use of Proceeds. The Seller will use the proceeds from the sale of the Energy Transition
Property to the Issuer in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Financing Order.

11

Section 4.04Delivery of Collections.

(a) In the event that the Seller receives collections in respect of the Energy Transition Charges or the proceeds thereof other
than in its capacity as the Servicer, the Seller agrees to pay to the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, all payments received by it in respect thereof as soon as practicable after receipt thereof. Prior to such remittance to the Servicer by the
Seller, the Seller agrees that such amounts are held by it in trust for the Issuer and the Trustee. If the Seller (i) becomes a party to any future trade receivables purchase and sale arrangement or similar arrangement under which it sells all or
any portion of its accounts receivables or (ii) sells additional energy transition property or similar property created by a Louisiana Commission order in connection with the issuance of energy transition bonds or similar securitization bonds, the
Seller and the other parties to such arrangement shall enter into an intercreditor agreement or an amendment to the existing Intercreditor Agreement in connection therewith and the terms of the documentation evidencing such trade receivables
purchase and sale arrangement or similar arrangement, energy transition bonds or other similar securitization bonds shall expressly exclude Energy Transition Charges from any receivables property or other assets pledged or sold under such
arrangement.

(b) In the event that the Seller receives any payment under the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement in respect
of the Energy Transition Charges or the proceeds thereof other than in its capacity as the Servicer, the Seller shall pay the Servicer all payments received by the Seller in respect thereof, in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, as soon
as practicable after receipt thereof by the Seller.

Section 4.05Notice of Liens. The Seller shall notify the Issuer and the Trustee promptly after becoming
aware of any Lien on any of the Energy Transition Property, other than the conveyance hereunder, any Lien created in favor of the Energy Transition Bondholders or any Lien created by the Issuer under the Indenture.

Section 4.06Compliance with Law. The Seller shall comply with its organizational or governing documents
and all laws, treaties, rules, regulations and determinations of any Governmental Authority applicable to the Seller, except to the extent that failure to so comply would not materially adversely affect the Issuers or the Trustees interests in
the Energy Transition Property or under any of the Basic Documents or the Sellers performance of its obligations hereunder or under any of the other Basic Documents.

Section 4.07Covenants Related to the Energy Transition Property.

(a) So long as any of the Energy Transition Bonds are outstanding, the Seller shall:

(i) treat the Energy Transition Bonds as debt of the Issuer and not of the Seller, except for financial reporting, federal or state regulatory or
tax purposes;

(ii) disclose in its financial statements that the Issuer is, and the Seller is not, the owner of the Energy Transition Property and that the
assets of the Issuer are not available to pay creditors of the Seller or any of its Affiliates (other than the Issuer),

(iii) unless, and to the extent, required by applicable law or directed or required by a Governmental Authority, disclose the effects of all
transactions between the Seller and the Issuer in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and

(iv) not own or purchase any Energy Transition Bonds.

12

(b) So long as any of the Energy Transition Bonds are outstanding,

(i) in all proceedings relating directly or indirectly to the Energy Transition Property, the Seller shall: (A) affirmatively certify and confirm
that it has sold all of its rights and interests in and to the Energy Transition Property to the Issuer (other than for financial reporting or tax purposes), and (B) not make any statement or reference in respect of the Energy Transition Property
that is inconsistent with the ownership thereof by the Issuer (other than for financial reporting or tax purposes);

(ii) the Seller shall not take any action in respect of the Energy Transition Property except solely in its capacity as the Servicer thereof
pursuant to the Servicing Agreement or as contemplated by the Basic Documents, including the Intercreditor Agreement;

(iii) neither the Seller nor the Issuer shall take any action, file any tax return, or make any election inconsistent with the treatment of the
Issuer, for purposes of federal taxes and, to the extent consistent with applicable state, local and other tax law, for purposes of state, local and other taxes, as a disregarded entity that is not separate from the Seller (or, if relevant, from
another sole owner of the Issuer); and

(iv) the Seller shall not sell energy transition property or other similar property created by a Louisiana Commission order in connection with the
issuance of energy transition bonds or similar securitization bonds, unless the Rating Agency Condition shall have been satisfied and the Seller has entered into an intercreditor agreement or an amendment to the existing Intercreditor Agreement in
connection therewith.

(c) The Seller agrees that upon the sale by the Seller of all of its rights and interests in and to the Energy Transition
Property to the Issuer pursuant to this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by law, including applicable Louisiana Commission regulations and the Securitization Act, the Issuer shall have all of the rights originally held by the Seller with
respect to the transferred Energy Transition Property, including the right (subject to the terms of the Servicing Agreement) to exercise any and all rights and remedies to collect any amounts payable by any customer in respect of the transferred
Energy Transition Property, notwithstanding any objection or direction to the contrary by the Seller (and the Seller agrees not to make any such objection or to take any such contrary action), and any payment to the Servicer by any Person
responsible for remitting Energy Transition Charges to the Servicer under the terms of the Financing Order or the Securitization Act or the Rate Schedules shall discharge such Persons obligations in respect of the Energy Transition Property to the
extent of such payment, notwithstanding any objection or direction to the contrary by the Seller.

13

Section 4.08Protection of Title. The Seller shall execute and file such filings, and cause to be executed
and filed such filings, in such manner and in such places as may be required by law fully to preserve, maintain and protect the interests of the Issuer and the Trustee in the Energy Transition Property, including all filings required under the
Securitization Act and the UCC relating to the transfer of the ownership of the rights and interests under the Financing Order by the Seller to the Issuer and the pledge of the Energy Transition Property by the Issuer to the Trustee. The Seller
shall deliver (or cause to be delivered) to the Issuer and the Trustee file-stamped copies of, or filing receipts for, any document filed as provided above, as soon as available following such filing. The Seller shall institute any action or
proceeding reasonably necessary to compel performance by the Louisiana Commission or the State of Louisiana of any of their obligations or duties under the Securitization Act, the Financing Order or the Issuance Advice Letter relating to the
transfer of the rights and interests under the Financing Order by the Seller to the Issuer and shall notify the Trustee of the institution of any such action. The Seller agrees to take such legal or administrative actions, including defending
against or instituting and pursuing legal actions and appearing or testifying at hearings or similar proceedings, in each case as may be reasonably necessary:

(a) to protect the Issuer and the Energy Transition Bondholders from claims, state actions or other actions or proceedings of
third parties which, if successfully pursued, would result in a breach of any representation or warranty of the Seller set forth in Article III; or

(b) so long as the Seller is also the Servicer, to block or overturn any attempts to cause a repeal of, modification of or
supplement to the Securitization Act, the Financing Order, the Issuance Advice Letter or the rights of Energy Transition Bondholders by legislative enactment (including any action of the Louisiana Commission of a legislative character) or
constitutional amendment that would be materially adverse to the Issuer, the Trustee or the Energy Transition Bondholders.

The costs of any such actions or proceedings shall be reimbursed by the Issuer to the Seller from amounts on deposit in the Collection Account as an Operating Expense (as such terms are defined in the Indenture) in
accordance with the terms of the Indenture. The Sellers obligations pursuant to this Section 4.08 shall survive and continue notwithstanding that the payment of Operating Expenses pursuant to the Indenture may be delayed (it being understood that
the Seller may be required to advance its own funds to satisfy its obligation hereunder). The Seller designates the Issuer as its agent and attorney-in-fact to make any filings of financing statements, continuation statements or other instruments
required of the Seller pursuant to this Section 4.08, it being understood that the Issuer shall have no obligation to execute or file any such instruments.

Section 4.09Taxes. So long as any of the Energy Transition Bonds are outstanding, the Seller shall pay
all material taxes, assessments and governmental charges imposed upon it or any of its properties or assets or with respect to any of its franchises, businesses, income or property before any penalty accrues thereon if the failure to pay any such
taxes, assessments and governmental charges would, after any applicable grace periods, notices or other similar requirements, result in a Lien on the Energy Transition Property; provided that no such tax need be paid if the Seller or any of its
Affiliates is contesting the same in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted and if the Seller or such Affiliate has established appropriate reserves as shall be required in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles.

14

Section 4.10Filings Pursuant to Financing Order. The Seller shall comply with all filing requirements
imposed upon the Seller in its capacity as such by the Financing Order, including making any such post-closing filings.

Section 4.11Issuance Advice Letter. The Seller hereby agrees not to withdraw the filing of the Issuance
Advice Letter with the Louisiana Commission.

Section 4.12Rate Schedules. The Seller hereby agrees to make all reasonable efforts to keep the Rate
Schedules in full force and effect at all times.

Section 4.13Notice of Breach to Rating Agencies, Etc. Promptly after obtaining knowledge thereof, in the
event of a breach in any material respect (without regard to any materiality qualifier contained in such representation, warranty or covenant) of any of the Sellers representations, warranties or covenants contained herein, the Seller shall
promptly notify the Issuer, the Trustee and the Rating Agencies of such breach. For the avoidance of doubt, any breach which would adversely affect scheduled payments on the Energy Transition Bonds will be deemed to be a material breach for
purposes of this Section 4.13.

Section 4.14Further Assurances. Upon the reasonable request of the Issuer, the Seller shall execute and
deliver such further instruments and do such further acts as may be reasonably necessary to carry out more effectually the provisions and purposes of this Agreement.

ARTICLE V

ADDITIONAL UNDERTAKINGS OF SELLER

The Seller hereby undertakes the obligations contained in this Article V and acknowledges that the Issuer shall have the right to assign its rights with respect to such obligations to the Trustee
for the benefit of the Energy Transition Bondholders.

Section 5.01LIABILITY OF THE SELLER; INDEMNITIES.

(a)THE SELLER SHALL BE LIABLE IN ACCORDANCE HEREWITH ONLY TO THE EXTENT OF THE OBLIGATIONS
SPECIFICALLY UNDERTAKEN BY THE SELLER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

15

(b)THE SELLER SHALL INDEMNIFY THE ISSUER AND THE TRUSTEE, FOR ITSELF AND ON BEHALF OF THE
ENERGY TRANSITION BONDHOLDERS, AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS FOR, AND DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS EACH SUCH PERSON FROM AND AGAINST, ANY AND ALL TAXES (OTHER THAN ANY TAXES IMPOSED ON ENERGY
TRANSITION BONDHOLDERS SOLELY AS A RESULT OF THEIR OWNERSHIP OF ENERGY TRANSITION BONDS) THAT MAY AT ANY TIME BE IMPOSED ON OR ASSERTED AGAINST ANY SUCH PERSON UNDER EXISTING LAW AS OF THE CLOSING DATE AS A RESULT OF THE SALE AND ASSIGNMENT OF
THE SELLERS RIGHTS AND INTERESTS UNDER THE FINANCING ORDER BY THE SELLER TO THE ISSUER, THE ACQUISITION OR HOLDING OF THE ENERGY TRANSITION PROPERTY BY THE ISSUER OR THE ISSUANCE AND SALE BY THE ISSUER OF THE ENERGY TRANSITION BONDS, INCLUDING
ANY SALES, GROSS RECEIPTS, TANGIBLE PERSONAL PROPERTY, PRIVILEGE, FRANCHISE OR LICENSE TAXES, BUT EXCLUDING ANY TAXES IMPOSED AS A RESULT OF A FAILURE OF SUCH PERSON TO PROPERLY WITHHOLD OR REMIT TAXES IMPOSED WITH RESPECT TO PAYMENTS ON ANY
ENERGY TRANSITION BOND, IN THE EVENT AND TO THE EXTENT SUCH TAXES ARE NOT RECOVERABLE AS FINANCING COSTS, IT BEING UNDERSTOOD THAT THE ENERGY TRANSITION BONDHOLDERS SHALL BE ENTITLED TO ENFORCE THEIR RIGHTS AGAINST THE SELLER UNDER THIS SECTION
5.01(B) SOLELY THROUGH A CAUSE OF ACTION BROUGHT FOR THEIR BENEFIT BY THE TRUSTEE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE INDENTURE.

(c)THE SELLER SHALL INDEMNIFY THE ISSUER AND THE TRUSTEE, FOR ITSELF AND ON BEHALF OF THE
ENERGY TRANSITION BONDHOLDERS, AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS FOR, AND DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS EACH SUCH PERSON FROM AND AGAINST, ANY AND ALL LIABILITIES, OBLIGATIONS, CLAIMS, ACTIONS, SUITS OR
PAYMENTS OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER THAT MAY BE IMPOSED ON OR ASSERTED AGAINST ANY SUCH PERSON (WHICH MAY INCLUDE, WITHOUT LIMITATION, AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST ON THE ENERGY TRANSITION BONDS AS A MEASURE OF SELLERS INDEMNIFICATION
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS SECTION 5.01) TOGETHER WITH ANY REASONABLE COSTS AND EXPENSES INCURRED BY SUCH PERSON, IN EACH CASE AS A RESULT OF THE SELLERS BREACH OF ANY OF ITS REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR COVENANTS CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT.

(d)THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS OF THE SELLER UNDER THIS SECTION 5.01 SHALL RANK PARI PASSU WITH ALL OTHER GENERAL UNSECURED OBLIGATIONS OF THE SELLER.

16

(e)INDEMNIFICATION UNDER THIS SECTION 5.01 SHALL SURVIVE THE RESIGNATION OR REMOVAL OF THE
TRUSTEE AND THE TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND SHALL INCLUDE REASONABLE FEES AND EXPENSES OF INVESTIGATION AND LITIGATION (INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS FEES AND EXPENSES). THE SELLER SHALL NOT INDEMNIFY ANY PARTY UNDER THIS SECTION 5.01
FOR ANY CHANGES IN LAW AFTER THE CLOSING DATE, INCLUDING BY MEANS OF LEGISLATIVE ENACTMENT, CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT OR VOTER INITIATIVE, OR FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGES, LIABILITY, OBLIGATION, CLAIM, ACTION, SUIT OR PAYMENT RESULTING SOLELY FROM A
DOWNGRADE IN ANY RATING OF THE ENERGY TRANSITION BONDS BY ANY RATING AGENCY, OR FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOSS OF MARKET VALUE OF THE ENERGY TRANSITION BONDS RESULTING FROM A DEFAULT OR A DOWNGRADE OF THE RATINGS OF THE ENERGY
TRANSITION BONDS. THE SELLER SHALL NOT INDEMNIFY THE TRUSTEE OR ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS UNDER THIS SECTION 5.01 AGAINST ANY LIABILITY, OBLIGATION, CLAIM, ACTION, SUIT OR PAYMENT OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF THE
WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, NEGLIGENCE OR BAD FAITH OF ANY SUCH PERSON.

(f)THE SELLER SHALL NOT BE REQUIRED TO INDEMNIFY A PARTY UNDER THIS SECTION 5.01 FOR ANY
AMOUNT PAID OR PAYABLE BY SUCH PARTY IN THE SETTLEMENT OF ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR INVESTIGATION WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE SELLER WHICH CONSENT SHALL NOT BE UNREASONABLY WITHHELD.

(g)PROMPTLY AFTER RECEIPT BY A PARTY OF NOTICE OF THE COMMENCEMENT OF ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR
INVESTIGATION, SUCH PARTY SHALL, IF A CLAIM IN RESPECT THEREOF IS TO BE MADE AGAINST THE SELLER UNDER THIS SECTION 5.01, NOTIFY THE SELLER IN WRITING OF THE COMMENCEMENT THEREOF. FAILURE BY A PARTY TO SO NOTIFY THE SELLER SHALL RELIEVE THE
SELLER FROM THE OBLIGATION TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS SUCH INDEMNIFIED PARTY UNDER THIS SECTION 5.01 ONLY TO THE EXTENT THAT THE SELLER SUFFERS ACTUAL PREJUDICE AS A RESULT OF SUCH FAILURE.

(h)WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR INVESTIGATION BROUGHT BY A THIRD PARTY FOR WHICH
INDEMNIFICATION MAY BE SOUGHT UNDER SECTION 5.01(C), THE SELLER SHALL BE ENTITLED TO CONDUCT AND CONTROL, AT ITS EXPENSE AND WITH COUNSEL OF ITS CHOOSING THAT IS REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO SUCH INDEMNIFIED PARTY, THE DEFENSE OF ANY SUCH ACTION,
PROCEEDING OR INVESTIGATION (IN WHICH CASE THE SELLER SHALL NOT THEREAFTER BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE FEES AND EXPENSES OF ANY SEPARATE COUNSEL RETAINED BY THE INDEMNIFIED PARTY EXCEPT AS SET FORTH BELOW); PROVIDED THAT THE INDEMNIFIED PARTY SHALL
HAVE THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN SUCH ACTION, PROCEEDING OR INVESTIGATION THROUGH COUNSEL CHOSEN BY IT AND AT ITS OWN EXPENSE. NOTWITHSTANDING THE SELLERS ELECTION TO ASSUME THE DEFENSE OF ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR INVESTIGATION, THE
INDEMNIFIED PARTY SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT TO EMPLOY SEPARATE COUNSEL (INCLUDING LOCAL COUNSEL), AND THE SELLER SHALL BEAR THE REASONABLE FEES, COSTS AND EXPENSES OF SUCH SEPARATE COUNSEL IF (I) THE DEFENDANTS IN ANY SUCH ACTION INCLUDE BOTH THE
INDEMNIFIED PARTY AND THE SELLER AND THE INDEMNIFIED PARTY SHALL HAVE REASONABLY CONCLUDED THAT THERE MAY BE LEGAL DEFENSES AVAILABLE TO IT THAT ARE DIFFERENT FROM OR ADDITIONAL TO THOSE AVAILABLE TO THE SELLER, (II) THE SELLER SHALL NOT HAVE
EMPLOYED COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE INDEMNIFIED PARTY TO REPRESENT THE INDEMNIFIED PARTY WITHIN A REASONABLE TIME AFTER NOTICE OF THE INSTITUTION OF SUCH ACTION, (III) THE SELLER SHALL AUTHORIZE THE INDEMNIFIED PARTY TO EMPLOY
SEPARATE COUNSEL AT THE EXPENSE OF THE SELLER OR (IV) IN THE CASE OF THE TRUSTEE, SUCH ACTION EXPOSES THE TRUSTEE TO A MATERIAL RISK OF CRIMINAL LIABILITY OR FORFEITURE OR A SERVICER DEFAULT HAS OCCURRED AND IS CONTINUING. NOTWITHSTANDING THE
FOREGOING, THE SELLER SHALL NOT BE OBLIGATED TO PAY FOR THE FEES, COSTS AND EXPENSES OF MORE THAN ONE SEPARATE COUNSEL FOR THE INDEMNIFIED PARTIES OTHER THAN ONE LOCAL COUNSEL, IF APPROPRIATE.

17

NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL ANY SUCH FOREGOING INDEMNITY EXTEND TO THE COLLECTIBILITY OF THE ENERGY TRANSITION CHARGES FROM ANY PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR REMITTING ENERGY
TRANSITION CHARGES TO THE SERVICER UNDER THE TERMS OF THE FINANCING ORDER, THE SECURITIZATION ACT OR AN APPLICABLE RATE SCHEDULE, OR THE CREDITWORTHINESS OF ANY SUCH PERSON OR THE INABILITY OR FAILURE OF SUCH PERSON TO TIMELY PAY ALL OR A PORTION
OF THE ENERGY TRANSITION CHARGES. THE REMEDIES PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT ARE THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES AGAINST THE SELLER FOR BREACH OF ITS REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR COVENANTS IN THIS AGREEMENT.

Section 5.02Merger, Conversion or Consolidation of, or Assumption of the Obligations of, the Seller.

Any Person:

(a) into which the Seller may be merged, converted or consolidated and which succeeds to all or substantially all of the electric
transmission and distribution business of the Seller (or, if the transmission and distribution business is split, any Person which the Louisiana Commission designates in connection with an order relating to such split),

(b) which results from the division of the Seller into two or more Persons and which succeeds to all or substantially all of the
electric transmission and distribution business of the Seller (or, if the transmission and distribution business is split, any Person which the Louisiana Commission designates in connection with an order relating to such split),

(c) which may result from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Seller shall be a party in which the Seller is
not the surviving entity and which succeeds to all or substantially all of the electric transmission and distribution business of the Seller (or, if the transmission and distribution business is split, any Person which the Louisiana Commission
designates in connection with an order relating to such split),

18

(d) which may purchase or otherwise succeed to the properties and assets of the Seller either substantially, or as a whole, and
which purchases or otherwise succeeds to all or substantially all of the electric transmission and distribution business of the Seller (or, if the transmission and distribution business is split, any Person which the Louisiana Commission designates
in connection with an order relating to such split), or

(e) which may otherwise purchase or succeed to all or substantially all of the electric transmission and distribution business
of the Seller (or, if the transmission and distribution business is split, any Person which the Louisiana Commission designates in connection with an order relating to such split), which Person in any of the foregoing cases executes an agreement of
assumption to perform every obligation of the Seller under this Agreement, shall be the successor to the Seller hereunder without the execution or filing of any document or any further act by any of the parties to this Agreement; provided, however,
that

(i) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no representation, warranty or covenant made pursuant to Article III or Article IV shall
have been breached in any material respect and no Servicer Default, and no event that, after notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a Servicer Default, shall have occurred and be continuing,

(ii) the Rating Agencies shall have received prior written notice of such transaction,

(iii) the Seller shall have delivered to the Issuer and the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that such
consolidation, conversion, merger, division or succession and such agreement of assumption comply with this Section 5.02 and that all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Agreement relating to such transaction have been complied with,

(iv) the Seller shall have delivered to the Issuer and the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel either:

(A) stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, all filings to be made by the Seller, including filings with the Louisiana
Commission and the Louisiana UCC Filing Officer pursuant to the Securitization Act and the UCC, that are necessary fully to preserve and protect the respective interests of the Issuer and the Trustee in the Energy Transition Property have been
executed and filed, and reciting the details of such filings, or

(B) stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, no such action is necessary to preserve and protect such interests, and

19

(v) the Seller shall have delivered to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Rating Agencies an opinion of independent tax counsel (as selected by, and
in form and substance satisfactory to the Seller, and which may be based on a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service) to the effect that, for federal income tax purposes, such transaction will not result in a material adverse federal income tax
consequence to the Issuer, the Trustee or the Energy Transition Bondholders.

The Seller shall not consummate any transaction referred to in clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) above except upon execution of the above-described agreement of assumption and compliance with clauses (i), (ii),
(iii), (iv) and (v) above. When any Person acquires the properties and assets of the Seller or the electric transmission and distribution business of the Seller, as the case may be, substantially as a whole and succeeds to all or substantially all
of the electric transmission and distribution business of the Seller (or, if the transmission and distribution business is split, any Person which the Louisiana Commission designates in connection with an order relating to such split), or otherwise
becomes the successor to the Seller in accordance with the terms of this Section 5.02, then upon the satisfaction of all of the other conditions of this Section 5.02, the Seller shall automatically and without further notice be released from its
obligations hereunder.

Section 5.03Limitation on Liability of the Seller and Others. The Seller and any manager, officer,
employee or agent of the Seller may rely in good faith on the advice of counsel or on any document of any kind, prima facie properly executed and submitted by any Person, respecting any matters arising hereunder. Subject to Section 4.08, the
Seller shall not be under any obligation to appear in, prosecute or defend any legal action that is not incidental to its obligations under this Agreement, and that in its opinion may involve it in any expense or liability. 

ARTICLE VI

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 6.01Amendment.

(a) This Agreement may be amended in writing by the Seller and the Issuer, provided that (i) the Rating Agency Condition has
been satisfied in connection therewith, (ii) the Trustee has consented thereto and (iii) in the case of any amendment that increases ongoing financing costs as defined in the Financing Order, the Louisiana Commission has consented thereto or shall
be conclusively deemed to have consented thereto. Promptly after the execution of any such amendment or consent, the Issuer shall furnish written notification of the substance of such amendment or consent to each of the Rating Agencies. With
respect to the Louisiana Commissions consent to any amendment to this Agreement,

(i) the Seller may request the consent of the Louisiana Commission by delivering to the Louisiana Commissions executive secretary and executive
counsel a written request for such consent, which request shall contain:

(A) a reference to Docket No. U-37213 and a statement as to the possible effect of the amendment on ongoing financing costs;

20

(B) an Officers Certificate stating that the proposed amendment has been approved by all relevant parties to this Agreement;
and

(C) a statement identifying the person to whom the Louisiana Commission or its staff is to address its consent to the proposed
amendment or request additional time;

(ii) Any amendment requiring the consent of the Louisiana Commission as provided in this Section 6.01(a) shall become effective on the later of:

(A) the date proposed by the parties to the amendment, or

(B) 31 days after such request is delivered to the Louisiana Commission unless the Louisiana Commission issues an order
disapproving the amendment within a 30-day period.

(b) Prior to the execution of any amendment to this Agreement, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to receive and rely
upon an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such amendment is authorized or permitted by this Agreement. The Issuer and the Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such amendment that affects their own rights,
duties or immunities under this Agreement or otherwise. Following delivery of a notice to the Louisiana Commission by the Seller under Section 6.01(a) above, the Seller and Issuer may at any time withdraw from the Louisiana Commission further
consideration of any notification of a proposed amendment.

Section 6.02Notices. Unless otherwise specifically provided herein, all demands, notices and
communications upon or to the Seller, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Louisiana Commission or the Rating Agencies under this Agreement shall be in writing, delivered personally, via facsimile, reputable overnight courier or by certified mail,
return-receipt requested, and shall be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt

(a) in the case of the Seller, to Cleco Power LLC, 2030 Donahue Ferry Road, Pineville, Louisiana 71360-5226, Attention:
Treasurer,

(b) in the case of the Issuer, to Cleco Securitization II LLC, 505 Cleco Drive Office Number 17, Pineville, Louisiana
71360-5226, Attention: Manager,

(c) in the case of Moodys, to Moodys Investors Service, Inc., ABS/RMBS Monitoring
Department, 25th Floor, 7 World Trade Center, 250 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10007, Email: ABSCORMonitoring@moodys.com (for notices) and servicereports@moodys.com (for servicer reports and
other reports) (all notice and reports to be delivered to Moodys in writing by email),

(d) in the case of S&P, to Standard & Poors Ratings Group, Inc., Structured Credit
Surveillance, 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, Telephone: (212) 438-8991, Email: servicer_reports@spglobal.com (all such notices to be delivered to S&P in writing by email),

21

(e) in the case the Trustee, at the address provided for notices or communications to the Trustee in the Indenture, and

(f) in the case of the Louisiana Commission, to Galvez Building, 12th Floor, 602 North Fifth Street, Baton Rouge, Louisiana
70802, Attention: Executive Secretary;

or, as to each of the foregoing, at such other address as shall be designated by written notice to the other parties.

Section 6.03Assignment by the Seller. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, except
as provided in Section 5.02, this Agreement may not be assigned by the Seller.

Section 6.04Pledge to the Trustee. The Seller hereby acknowledges and consents to any pledge and grant of
a security interest by the Issuer to the Trustee pursuant to the Indenture for the benefit of the Energy Transition Bondholders of all right, title and interest of the Issuer in, to and under the Energy Transition Property and the proceeds thereof
and the pledge of any or all of the Issuers rights hereunder to the Trustee. Notwithstanding such pledge, in no event shall the Trustee have any liability for the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements or other obligations of the
Issuer hereunder or in any of the certificates, notices or agreements delivered pursuant hereto, as to all of which recourse shall be had solely to the assets of the Issuer.

Section 6.05Limitations on Rights of Others. The provisions of this Agreement are solely for the benefit
of the Seller, the Issuer and the Trustee, on behalf of itself and the Energy Transition Bondholders, and nothing in this Agreement, whether express or implied, shall be construed to give to any other Person any legal or equitable right, remedy or
claim in the Trust Estate or under or in respect of this Agreement or any covenants, conditions or provisions contained herein.

Section 6.06Severability. Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any
jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not
invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

Section 6.07Separate Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in separate
counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

Section 6.08Headings. The headings of the various Articles and Sections herein are for convenience of
reference only and shall not define or limit any of the terms or provisions hereof.

Section 6.09Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF
LOUISIANA, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

22

Section 6.10Limitation of Liability. It is expressly understood and
agreed by the parties hereto that this Agreement is executed and delivered by the Trustee, not individually or personally but solely as Trustee on behalf of the Secured Parties, in the exercise of the powers and authority conferred and vested in
it. The Trustee in acting hereunder is entitled to all rights, benefits, protections, immunities and indemnities accorded to it under the Indenture.

Section 6.11Waivers. Any term or provision of this Agreement may be
waived, or the time for its performance may be extended, by the party or parties entitled to the benefit thereof; provided, however, that no such waiver delivered by the Issuer shall be effective unless the Trustee has given its
prior written consent thereto. Any such waiver shall be validly and sufficiently authorized for the purposes of this Agreement if, as to any party, it is authorized in writing by an authorized representative of such party, with prompt written
notice of any such waiver to be provided to the Rating Agencies. The failure of any party hereto to enforce at any time any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed to be a waiver of such provision, nor in any way to affect the validity
of this Agreement or any part hereof or the right of any party thereafter to enforce each and every such provision. No waiver of any breach of this Agreement shall be held to constitute a waiver of any other or subsequent breach.

Section 6.12Nonpetition Covenants.

(a) Notwithstanding any prior termination of this Agreement or the Indenture, the Seller shall not, prior to the date which is
one year and one day after the termination of the Indenture and the payment in full of all of the Energy Transition Bonds, all Financing Costs and any other amounts owed under the Indenture by the Issuer, acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or
cause the Issuer to invoke or otherwise join with any Person to invoke the process of any Governmental Authority for the purpose of commencing or sustaining an involuntary case against the Issuer under any U.S. federal or state bankruptcy,
insolvency or similar law or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuer for any substantial part of the property of the Issuer, or ordering the dissolution, winding-up or
liquidation of the affairs of the Issuer.

(b) Notwithstanding any prior termination of this Agreement or the Indenture, the Issuer shall not, prior to the date which is
one year and one day after the termination of the Indenture and the payment in full of all of the Energy Transition Bonds, all Financing Costs and any other amounts owed under the Indenture by the Issuer, acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or
otherwise join with any Person to invoke the process of any Governmental Authority for the purpose of commencing or sustaining an involuntary case against the Seller under any U.S. federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law or
appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Seller for any substantial part of the property of the Seller, or ordering the dissolution, winding-up or liquidation of the affairs of
the Seller.

[Rest of page intentionally left blank]

23

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written.

CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC,

as Issuer,

By: /s/ William G. Fontenot

Name: William G. Fontenot

Title: President

CLECO POWER LLC,

as Seller,

By: /s/ William G. Fontenot

Name: William G. Fontenot

Title: Chief Executive Officer

ACKNOWLEDGED AND ACCEPTED:

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee under the Indenture

By: /s/ David H. Hill

Name: David H. Hill

Title: Vice President

24

APPENDIX ADEFINITIONS

The definitions contained in this Appendix A are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms.

Administration Agreement means the Administration Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2025, between the Issuer and the Seller, as the same may be amended and supplemented from time to time.

Affiliate means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person controlling or controlled by or under common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition,
control, when used with respect to any specified Person, means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms
controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

Agreement or the Sale Agreement means this Energy Transition Property Sale Agreement, as the same may be amended and supplemented from time to time.

Basic Documents means the Articles of Organization and Initial Report of the Issuer which were filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Louisiana on November 26, 2024, the limited
liability company operating agreement of the Issuer, as amended to the date hereof, the Sale Agreement, the Bill of Sale, the Servicing Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Administration Agreement and the Indenture.

Bill of Sale means the Bill of Sale, dated as of March 12, 2025, issued by the Seller to the Issuer pursuant to the Sale Agreement evidencing the sale of the Energy Transition Property by the
Seller to the Issuer.

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in New York, New York or New Orleans, Louisiana, are, or The Depository
Trust Company is, required or authorized by law or executive order to remain closed.

Cleco Power means Cleco Power LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company, or its successor.

Closing Date means the date on which the Energy Transition Bonds are to be originally issued in accordance with Section 2.10 of the Indenture.

Customers means any existing or future retail electric customer receiving any type of service from Cleco Power (or its successors) under rate schedules or special contracts authorized or approved
by the Louisiana Commission.

DHPS Carrying Charge means the carrying charge that Cleco Power shall recover for carrying costs on the regulatory assets comprising energy transition costs
pursuant to the Financing Order.

Appendix A-1

Energy Transition Bond means any of the Senior Secured Energy Transition Bonds issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture and the Series Supplement.

Energy Transition Bondholder means a Person in whose name an Energy Transition Bond is registered on the Energy Transition Bond Register.

Energy Transition Bond Register has the meaning specified in Section 2.05 of the Indenture.

Energy Transition Charges means the nonbypassable amounts to be charged for the use or availability of electric services, approved by the Louisiana Commission in the Financing Order to pay
principal of the Energy Transition Bonds and to recover financing costs (as defined in the Securitization Act), that may be collected by the Seller, its successors, assignees or other collection agents as provided for in the Financing Order.

Energy Transition Property means all of Sellers rights and interest under the Financing Order (including, without limitation,
rights to impose, bill, charge, collect and receive the energy transition charges (as defined in the Securitization Act) approved in such Financing Order) issued by the Louisiana Commission on November 27, 2024 (Docket No. U-37213) pursuant to
the Securitization Act, together with any and all of the other property described in the Bill of Sale, except the rights of Seller (i) to recover additional prudently incurred Dolet Hills energy transition costs by use of the energy transition
reserve (or, as to additional energy transition costs beyond the project costs included in the principal amount financed, by recovery through a regulatory asset to be established after the restricted energy transition reserve is depleted,
consistent with the Revenue Requirement Order), (ii) to earn and recover the authorized rate of return on Sellers capital investment in the Issuer, (iii) to receive the annual administration fee and annual servicing fee and expenses under the
contracts approved pursuant to the Financing Order, and (iv) to recover the DHPS Carrying Charge referenced in Findings of Fact Paragraph 22 and Ordering Paragraph 66 of the Financing Order.

Financing Order means Financing Order No. U-37213 issued by the Louisiana Commission on November 27, 2024 in Docket No. U-37213 pursuant to the Securitization Act.

Governmental Authority means any court or any federal or state regulatory body, administrative agency or governmental instrumentality.

Indenture means the Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2025, among the Issuer and the Trustee, and the Series Supplement (including the forms and terms of the Energy Transition Bonds), as the same
may be amended and supplemented with respect to the Energy Transition Bonds from time to time.

Intercreditor Agreement means the Intercreditor Agreement dated as of March 12, 2025, among the Trustee, the Issuer, the Seller, Cleco Securitization I LLC and the other parties thereto, each in
the capacities stated therein, as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time.

Issuance Advice Letter means the issuance advice letter submitted to the Louisiana Commission on March 7, 2025 by the Seller pursuant to the Financing Order in connection with the issuance of the
Energy Transition Bonds.

Appendix A-2

Issuer means Cleco Securitization II LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company, or its successor under the Indenture.

Lien means a security interest, lien, charge, pledge, equity or encumbrance of any kind.

Louisiana Commission means the Louisiana Public Service Commission or any successor.

Louisiana Commission Pledge means the pledge of the Louisiana Commission found in Part VI(G) of the Financing Order.

Louisiana UCC Filing Officer has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Servicing Agreement.

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., or any successor in interest.

Officers Certificate means a certificate signed, in the case of the Seller, by any manager, the chief executive officer, the president, the chief financial officer, any vice president, the
general counsel, the treasurer, the assistant treasurer, the secretary, or any assistant secretary of the Seller.

Opinion of Counsel means one or more written opinions of counsel who may be an employee of or counsel to the Issuer or the Seller, which counsel shall be reasonably acceptable to the party or
parties receiving such opinion of counsel, and which opinion shall be in form reasonably satisfactory to such party or parties.

Person means any individual, corporation, estate, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust (including any beneficiary thereof), business trust, limited liability
company, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

proceeding means any suit in equity, action at law or other judicial or administrative proceeding.

Prospectus has the meaning specified in Section 3.18 hereof.

Purchase Price has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(a) hereof.

Rate Schedule means Rate Schedule ETCA (Energy Transition Charge Adjustment) and Rate Schedule ETSA (Energy Transition Surcredit Adjustment) filed by the Seller pursuant to ordering paragraph 10
of the Financing Order.

Rating Agency means any rating agency rating the Energy Transition Bonds at the applicable time at the request of the Issuer, which initially shall be Moodys and S&P. If no such
organization or successor is any longer in existence, Rating Agency shall be a nationally recognized statistical rating organization or other comparable Person designated by the Issuer, written notice of which designation shall be given to the
Trustee and the Servicer.

Appendix A-3

Rating Agency Condition means, with respect to any action, at least ten Business Days prior written notification to each Rating Agency of such action, and written confirmation from each of
S&P and Moodys to the Servicer, the Trustee and the Issuer that such action will not result in a suspension, reduction or withdrawal of the then current rating by such Rating Agency of any tranche of the Energy Transition Bonds and that prior
to the taking of the proposed action no other Rating Agency shall have provided written notice to the Issuer that such action has resulted or would result in the suspension, reduction or withdrawal of the then current rating of any such tranche of
the Energy Transition Bonds; provided, that, if within such ten Business Day period, any Rating Agency (other than S&P) has neither replied to such notification nor responded in a manner that indicates that such Rating Agency is reviewing and
considering the notification, then (i) the requesting party shall be required to confirm that such Rating Agency has received the Rating Agency Condition request, and if it has, promptly request the related Rating Agency Condition confirmation and
(ii) if the Rating Agency neither replies to such notification nor responds in a manner that indicates it is reviewing and considering the notification within five Business Days following such second request, the applicable Rating Agency Condition
requirement shall not be deemed to apply to such Rating Agency. For the purposes of this definition, any confirmation, request, acknowledgment or approval that is required to be in writing may be in the form of electronic mail or a press release
(which may contain a general waiver of a Rating Agencys right to review or consent).

Revenue Requirement Order means Order No. U-35753-A issued by the Louisiana Commission in Docket No. U-35753 on May 16, 2024.

S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., or any successor in interest.

Secured Parties mean the Trustee, the Energy Transition Bondholders and any credit enhancer described in the Series
Supplement.

Securitization Act means the Louisiana Electric Utility Energy Transition Securitization Act, as amended, codified at La. R.S. 45:1271-1281, providing for a financing mechanism through which
electric utilities can use securitization financing for energy transition costs.

Seller means Cleco Power, or its successor, in its capacity as seller of the Energy Transition Property to the Issuer pursuant to the Sale Agreement.

Series Supplement means the Series Supplement, dated as of March 12, 2025, to the Indenture by and between the Issuer and the
Trustee that authorizes the Energy Transition Bonds.

Servicer means Cleco Power, in its capacity as the servicer under the Servicing Agreement, and each successor to or assignee of Cleco Power (in the same capacity) pursuant to the relevant
sections of the Servicing Agreement.

Servicer Default means the occurrence and continuation of one of the events specified in Section 7.01 of the Servicing Agreement.

Servicing Agreement means the Energy Transition Property Servicing Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2025, between the Issuer and the Servicer and acknowledged by the Trustee, as the same may be
amended and supplemented from time to time.

Appendix A-4

Trust Estate means the Series Trust Estate as such term is defined in the Series Supplement.

Trustee means The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, or its successor or any successor Trustee under the Indenture.

UCC has the meaning specified in Section 2.02(iv) hereof.

Appendix A-5

EXHIBIT A

BILL OF SALE

1. 

This Bill of Sale is being delivered pursuant to the Energy Transition Property Sale Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2025 (the Sale Agreement), between Cleco Power LLC (the Seller) and Cleco Securitization II LLC (the Issuer). 
All capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Sale Agreement.

2. 

In consideration of the Issuers payment to the Seller of $301,947,514.17, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Seller does hereby irrevocably sell, transfer, assign, set over and otherwise convey to the Issuer, without recourse
or warranty, except as set forth in the Sale Agreement, all right, title and interest of the Seller in, to and under the Energy Transition Property identified on Schedule 1 hereto (such sale,
transfer, assignment, setting over and conveyance of the Energy Transition Property includes, to the fullest extent permitted by the Securitization Act, the right to impose, collect and receive the Energy Transition Charges, as the same may
be adjusted from time to time). This Bill of Sale covers all of the Energy Transition Property described in the Financing Order. Such sale, transfer, assignment, setting over and conveyance is hereby expressly stated to be a sale or other
absolute transfer and, pursuant to Section 1275(1) of the Securitization Act and other applicable law, is a true sale and is not a secured transaction and all title and ownership to the Energy Transition Property has passed to the Issuer. 
The preceding sentence is the statement referred to in Section 1275 of the Securitization Act. The Seller agrees and confirms that, after giving effect to the sale evidenced by this Bill of Sale, the Seller has no right, title or interest
in, to or under the Energy Transition Property.

3. 

The Issuer does hereby purchase the Energy Transition Property identified on Schedule 1 hereto from the Seller for the consideration set forth in paragraph 2 above.

4. 

The Seller and the Issuer each acknowledge and agree that the purchase price for the Energy Transition Property sold pursuant to this Bill of Sale and the Sale Agreement is equal to its fair market value on the date hereof.

5. 

The Seller confirms that each of the representations and warranties on the part of the Seller contained in the Sale Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on the date hereof as if made on the date hereof.

6. 

This Bill of Sale may be executed by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

7. 

THIS BILL OF SALE SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF LOUISIANA, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER
SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

[Rest of page intentionally left blank] 

Exhibit A-1

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Seller and the Issuer have duly executed this Bill of Sale as of the day of , 2025.

CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC,

as Issuer,

By: 

Name:

Title:

CLECO POWER LLC,

as Seller,

By: 

Name:

Title:

Exhibit A-2

SCHEDULE 1

to

BILL OF SALE

Energy Transition Property

All of Sellers rights and interest under Financing Order Number U-37213 (including, without limitation, rights to impose, collect and receive the energy
transition charges (as defined in the Securitization Act) approved in such Financing Order) issued by the Louisiana Commission on November 27, 2024 (Docket No. U-37213) pursuant to the Securitization Act, except the rights of Seller (i) to
recover additional prudently incurred Dolet Hills energy transition costs by use of the energy transition reserve (or, as to additional energy transition costs beyond the project costs included in the principal amount financed, by recovery
through a regulatory asset to be established after the restricted energy transition reserve is depleted, consistent with the Revenue Requirement Order), (ii) to earn and recover the authorized rate of return on Sellers capital investment in the
Issuer, (iii) to receive the annual administration fee and annual servicing fee and expenses under the contracts approved pursuant to the Financing Order, and (iv) to recover the DHPS Carrying Charge referenced in Findings of Fact Paragraph 22
and Ordering Paragraph 66 of the Financing Order. This Bill of Sale covers all the Energy Transition Property described in such Financing Order.

The Energy Transition Property includes:

i 

the right to impose, bill, charge, collect and receive the Energy Transition Charges, including the right to receive Energy Transition Charges in amounts and at all times projected to be sufficient to pay scheduled principal and interest
on the Energy Transition Bonds,

ii 

all rights and interest of the Seller under the Financing Order, except (i) to recover additional prudently incurred Dolet Hills energy transition
costs by use of the energy transition reserve (or, as to additional energy transition costs beyond the project costs included in the principal amount financed, by recovery through a regulatory asset to be established after the restricted
energy transition reserve is depleted, consistent with the Revenue Requirement Order), (ii) to earn and recover the authorized rate of return on Sellers capital investment in the Issuer, (iii) to receive the annual administration fee and
annual servicing fee and expenses under the contracts approved pursuant to the Financing Order, and (iv) to recover the DHPS Carrying Charge referenced in Findings of Fact Paragraph 22 and Ordering Paragraph 66 of the Financing Order,

iii 

the right to enforce the obligations of Cleco Power to collect and service the Energy Transition Charges,

iv 

the rights to file for and obtain periodic adjustments of the Energy Transition Charges as provided in the Financing Order, and

v 

all revenues, collections, claims, rights to payment, payments, money, or proceeds arising from the rights and interests resulting from the Energy Transition Charges.

For the avoidance of doubt, the Energy Transition Property does not include Sellers rights under the Basic Documents.

Schedule 1-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ny20039729x11_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT

ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT, dated as of March 12, 2025 (this Administration Agreement), is by and between CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company, as Issuer (the Issuer),
and CLECO POWER LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company (Cleco Power), as Administrator (in such capacity, the Administrator). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in Appendix
A to the Indenture (as defined below). Not all terms defined in Appendix A are used in this Administration Agreement. The rules of construction set forth in Appendix A shall apply to this Administration Agreement and are hereby incorporated by
reference into this Administration Agreement as if set forth in this Administration Agreement.

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Issuer is issuing Energy Transition Bonds pursuant to the Indenture, dated as of the date hereof and the Series Supplement thereto, also dated as of the date hereof (the Series
Supplement) (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time, the Indenture), between the Issuer and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, as the Trustee (the Trustee);

WHEREAS, the Issuer has entered into certain agreements in connection with the issuance of the Energy Transition Bonds, including (i) the Indenture and the Series Supplement, (ii) the Energy
Transition Property Servicing Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Servicing Agreement), by and between the Issuer and Cleco Power, as Servicer, (iii) the Energy Transition Property Sale Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Sale
Agreement), by and between the Issuer and Cleco Power, as Seller, (iv) the Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Intercreditor Agreement), by and among the Issuer, the Trustee, Cleco Securitization I LLC and The Bank of New
York Mellon Trust Company, National Association and (v) the Letter of Representations, dated as of February 28, 2025 (the Depository Agreement), among the Issuer, the Trustee and The Depository Trust Company relating to the Energy Transition Bonds
(the Indenture, the Series Supplement, the Servicing Agreement, the Sale Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Depository Agreement, as such agreements may be amended and supplemented from time to time, being referred to hereinafter
collectively as the Related Agreements);

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Related Agreements, the Issuer is required to perform certain duties in connection with the Related Agreements, the Energy Transition Bonds and the Trust Estate pledged to
the Trustee pursuant to the Indenture;

WHEREAS, the Issuer has no employees, other than its officers, and does not intend to hire any employees, and consequently desires to have the Administrator perform certain of the duties of the
Issuer referred to in the preceding clauses and to provide such additional services consistent with the terms of this Administration Agreement and the Related Agreements as the Issuer may from time to time reasonably request; and

1

WHEREAS, the Administrator has the capacity to provide the services and the facilities required thereby and is willing to perform such services and provide such facilities for the Issuer on the terms
set forth herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree
as follows:

1. 

Duties of the Administrator: Management Services. The Administrator hereby agrees to provide the following corporate
management services to the Issuer and to cause third parties to provide professional services required for or contemplated by such services in accordance with the provisions of this Administration Agreement:

(i) 

furnish the Issuer with ordinary clerical, bookkeeping and other corporate administrative services necessary and appropriate for the Issuer, including, without limitation, the following services:

(A) 

maintain at the Premises (as defined below) general accounting records of the Issuer (the Account Records), subject to year-end audit, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, separate and apart from its own
accounting records, prepare or cause to be prepared such quarterly and annual financial statements as may be necessary or appropriate and arrange for year-end audits of the Issuers financial statements by the Issuers independent
accountants;

(B) 

prepare and, after execution by the Issuer, file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) and any applicable state agencies documents required to be filed with the Commission and any applicable state agencies,
including, without limitation, periodic reports required to be filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;

(C) 

prepare for execution by the Issuer and cause to be filed such income, franchise or other tax returns of the Issuer as shall be required to be filed by applicable law (the Tax Returns) and cause to be paid on behalf of the Issuer from
the Issuers funds any taxes required to be paid by the Issuer under applicable law;

(D) 

prepare or cause to be prepared for execution by the Issuers managers (the Managers) minutes of the meetings of the Managers and such other documents deemed appropriate by the Issuer to maintain the separate limited liability company
existence and good standing of the Issuer (the Company Minutes) or otherwise required under the Related Agreements (together with the Account Records, the Tax Returns, the Company Minutes, the Issuer LLC Agreement, and the Issuer Articles
of Organization, the Issuer Documents); and any other documents deliverable by the Issuer thereunder or in connection therewith; and

2

(E) 

hold, maintain and preserve at the Premises (or such other place as shall be required by any of the Related Agreements) executed copies (to the extent applicable) of the Issuer Documents and other documents executed by the Issuer
thereunder or in connection therewith;

(ii) 

take such actions on behalf of the Issuer, as are necessary or desirable for the Issuer to keep in full effect its existence, rights and franchises as a limited liability company under the laws of the state of Louisiana and obtain and
preserve its qualification to do business in each jurisdiction in which it becomes necessary to be so qualified;

(iii) 

take such actions on behalf of the Issuer, as are necessary for the issuance and delivery of the Energy Transition Bonds;

(iv) 

provide for the performance by the Issuer of its obligations under each of the Related Agreements, and prepare, or cause to be prepared, all documents, reports, filings, instruments, notices, certificates and opinions that it shall be the
duty of the Issuer to prepare, file or deliver pursuant to the Related Agreements;

(v) 

enforce each of the rights of the Issuer under the Related Agreements, at the direction of the Trustee (acting at the direction of the Holders representing at least a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Energy Transition Bonds);

(vi) 

provide for the defense, at the direction of the Managers, of any action, suit or proceeding brought against the Issuer or affecting the Issuer or any of its assets;

(vii) 

provide office space (the Premises) for the Issuer and such reasonable ancillary services as are necessary to carry out the obligations of the Administrator hereunder, including telecopying, duplicating and word processing services;

(viii) 

undertake such other administrative services as may be appropriate, necessary or requested by the Issuer; and

(ix) 

provide such other services as are incidental to the foregoing or as the Issuer and the Administrator may agree.

In providing the services under this Section 1 and as otherwise provided under this Administration Agreement, the Administrator will not knowingly take any actions on behalf of the Issuer which (i)
the Issuer is prohibited from taking under the Related Agreements, or (ii) would cause the Issuer to be in violation of any federal, state or local law or the Issuer LLC Agreement.

3

In performing its duties hereunder, the Administrator shall use the same degree of care and diligence that the Administrator exercises with respect to performing such duties on its own account and,
if applicable, for others.

2. 

Compensation. As compensation for the performance of the Administrators obligations under this Administration Agreement
(including the compensation of Persons serving as Managers (other than the independent Manager(s)) and officers of the Issuer, but, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding the performance by Cleco Power of its obligations in its capacity as
Servicer), the Administrator shall be entitled to $100,000.00 annually (the Administration Fee), with no escalation, payable by the Issuer in arrears proportionately on each Payment Date, in semi-annual increments of $50,000.00, which
amount shall be prorated based on the fraction of a calendar year during which the Administrator provides any of the services set forth in this Administration Agreement. In addition, the Administrator shall be entitled to be reimbursed by
the Issuer for all costs and expenses of services performed by unaffiliated third parties and actually incurred by the Administrator in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Administration Agreement in accordance
with Section 3 (but, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any such costs and expenses incurred by Cleco Power in its capacity as Servicer), to the extent that such costs and expenses are supported by invoices or other customary
documentation and are reasonably allocated to the Issuer (Reimbursable Expenses).

3. 

Third Party Services. Any services required for or contemplated by the performance of the above-referenced services by the
Administrator to be provided by unaffiliated third parties (including independent accountants fees and legal counsel fees) may, if provided for or otherwise contemplated by the Financing Order and if the Issuer deems it necessary or
desirable, be arranged by the Issuer or by the Administrator at the direction (which may be general or specific) of the Issuer. Costs and expenses associated with the contracting for such third-party services may be paid directly by the
Issuer or paid by the Administrator and reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Section 2, or otherwise as the Administrator and the Issuer may mutually arrange.

4. 

Additional Information to be Furnished to the Issuer. The Administrator shall furnish to the Issuer from time to time such
additional information regarding the Trust Estate as the Issuer shall reasonably request.

5. 

Independence of the Administrator. For all purposes of this Administration Agreement, the Administrator shall be an
independent contractor and shall not be subject to the supervision of the Issuer with respect to the manner in which it accomplishes the performance of its obligations hereunder. Unless expressly authorized by the Issuer or in this
Administration Agreement, the Administrator shall have no authority, and shall not hold itself out as having the authority, to act for or represent the Issuer in any way and shall not otherwise be deemed an agent of the Issuer.

4

The work to be performed under this Administration Agreement is part of the Issuers business and is an integral part of and is essential to the business and operations of the Issuer. For purposes
of the Louisiana Workers Compensation Act, the Issuer is deemed to be the statutory employer of the Administrators employees who perform the services under this Administration Agreement. Although the Issuer is to be granted the protections that
are afforded a statutory employer under Louisiana law, this provision is included for the sole purpose of establishing a statutory employer relationship between the Issuer and the Administrators personnel within the meaning of La. R.S. 23:1061(A)
and is not intended to create an employer / employee relationship as between the Issuer and the Administrators personnel for any other purpose. The Administrator shall be and remain primarily responsible for the payment of workers compensation
benefits to the Administrators personnel and shall not be entitled to seek contribution for any such payments from the Issuer, and the Administrator further shall indemnify and hold harmless the Issuer and at the Issuers option defend the Issuer
for any payment to the Administrators personnel of workers compensation benefits or from any claim for such benefits or any other employee claim.

6. 

No Joint Venture. Nothing contained in this Administration Agreement (a) shall constitute the Administrator and the Issuer
as partners or co-members of any partnership, joint venture, association, syndicate, unincorporated business or other separate entity, (b) shall be construed to impose any liability as such on either of them or (c) shall be deemed to confer
on either of them any express, implied or apparent authority to incur any obligation or liability on behalf of the other.

7. 

Other Activities of Administrator. Nothing herein shall prevent the Administrator or any of its members, managers, officers,
employees, subsidiaries or affiliates from engaging in other businesses or, in its sole discretion, from acting in a similar capacity as an Administrator for any other person or entity even though such person or entity may engage in
business activities similar to those of the Issuer.

8. 

Term of Agreement; Resignation and Removal of Administrator.

(a) 

This Administration Agreement shall continue in force until the payment in full of the Energy Transition Bonds and any other amount which may become due and payable under the Indenture, upon which event this Administration Agreement shall
automatically terminate.

(b) 

Subject to Sections 8(e) and 8(f), the Administrator may resign its duties hereunder by providing the Issuer and the Rating Agencies with at least sixty (60) days prior written notice.

(c) 

Subject to Sections 8(e) and 8(f), the Issuer may remove the Administrator without cause by providing the Administrator and the Rating Agencies with at least sixty (60) days prior written notice.

(d) 

Subject to Sections 8(e) and 8(f), at the sole option of the Issuer, the Administrator may be removed immediately upon written notice of termination from the Issuer to the Administrator and the Rating Agencies if any of the following
events shall occur:

5

(i) 

The Administrator shall default in the performance of any of its duties under this Administration Agreement and, after notice of such default, shall fail to cure such default within ten (10) days (or, if such default cannot be cured in
such time, shall (A) fail to give within ten (10) days such assurance of cure as shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer and (B) fail to cure such default within 30 days thereafter);

(ii) 

a court of competent jurisdiction shall enter a decree or order for relief, and such decree or order shall not have been vacated within sixty (60) days, in respect of the Administrator in any involuntary case under any applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or such court shall appoint a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for the Administrator or any substantial part of its
property or order the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs; or

(iii) 

the Administrator shall commence a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, shall consent to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law,
shall consent to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or similar official for the Administrator or any substantial part of its property, shall consent to the taking of possession by any such
official of any substantial part of its property, shall make any general assignment for the benefit of creditors or shall fail generally to pay its debts as they become due.

The Administrator agrees that if any of the events specified in clauses (ii) or (iii) of this Section 8(d) shall occur, it shall give written notice thereof to the Issuer and the Trustee as soon as
practicable but in any event within seven (7) days after the happening of such event.

(e) 

No resignation or removal of the Administrator pursuant to this Section 8 shall be effective until (i) a successor Administrator has been appointed by the Issuer, (ii) the Rating Agency Condition with respect to the proposed appointment
has been satisfied and (iii) such successor Administrator has agreed in writing to be bound by the terms of this Administration Agreement in the same manner as the Administrator is bound hereunder.

(f) 

The appointment of any successor Administrator shall be effective only after satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition with respect to the proposed appointment.

9. 

Action upon Termination, Resignation or Removal. Promptly upon the effective date of termination of this Administration
Agreement pursuant to Section 8(a), the resignation of the Administrator pursuant to Section 8(b) or the removal of the Administrator pursuant to Section 8(c) or 8(d), the Administrator shall be entitled to be paid a pro-rated portion of
the annual fee described in Section 2 hereof through the date of termination and all Reimbursable Expenses incurred by it through the date of such termination, resignation or removal. The Administrator shall forthwith upon such termination
pursuant to Section 8(a) deliver to the Issuer all property and documents of or relating to the Trust Estate then in the custody of the Administrator. In the event of the resignation of the Administrator pursuant to Section 8(b) or the
removal of the Administrator pursuant to Section 8(c) or 8(d), the Administrator shall cooperate with the Issuer and take all reasonable steps requested to assist the Issuer in making an orderly transfer of the duties of the Administrator.

6

10. 

Administrators Liability. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Administrator assumes no liability other than to render
or stand ready to render the services called for herein, and neither the Administrator nor any of its members, managers, officers, employees, subsidiaries or affiliates shall be responsible for any action of the Issuer or any of the
members, managers, officers, employees, subsidiaries or affiliates of the Issuer (other than the Administrator itself). The Administrator shall not be liable for nor shall it have any obligation with regard to any of the liabilities,
whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent of the Issuer or any of the members, managers, officers, employees, subsidiaries or affiliates of the Issuer (other than the Administrator itself).

11. 

INDEMNITY.

(a)SUBJECT TO THE PRIORITY OF PAYMENTS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE, THE ISSUER SHALL INDEMNIFY
THE ADMINISTRATOR, ITS MEMBERS, MANAGERS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND AFFILIATES AGAINST ALL LOSSES, CLAIMS, DAMAGES, PENALTIES, JUDGMENTS, LIABILITIES AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL EXPENSES OF LITIGATION OR PREPARATION THEREFOR
WHETHER OR NOT THE ADMINISTRATOR IS A PARTY THERETO) WHICH ANY OF THEM MAY PAY OR INCUR ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT AND THE SERVICES CALLED FOR HEREIN; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT SUCH INDEMNITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO ANY
SUCH LOSS, CLAIM, DAMAGE, PENALTY, JUDGMENT, LIABILITY OR EXPENSE RESULTING FROM THE ADMINISTRATORS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT IN THE PERFORMANCE OF ITS OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER.

(b)THE ADMINISTRATOR SHALL INDEMNIFY THE ISSUER, ITS MEMBERS, MANAGERS, OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES
AGAINST ALL LOSSES, CLAIMS, DAMAGES, PENALTIES, JUDGMENTS, LIABILITIES AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL EXPENSES OF LITIGATION OR PREPARATION THEREFOR WHETHER OR NOT THE ISSUER IS A PARTY THERETO) WHICH ANY OF THEM MAY INCUR AS A
RESULT OF THE ADMINISTRATORS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT IN THE PERFORMANCE OF ITS OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER.

12. 

Notices. Any notice, report or other communication given hereunder shall be in writing and addressed as follows:

(a) if to the Issuer, to:

Cleco Securitization II LLC

505 Cleco Drive, Office Number 17

Pineville, Louisiana 71360

7

(b) if to the Administrator, to:

Cleco Power LLC

2030 Donahue Ferry Road,

Pineville, Louisiana 71360-5226

Attention: Treasurer

or to such other address as either party shall have provided to the other party in writing. Any notice required to be in writing hereunder shall be deemed given if such notice is mailed by certified mail, postage
prepaid, or hand-delivered to the address of such party as provided above.

13. 

Amendments. This Administration Agreement may be amended from time to time by a written amendment duly executed and
delivered by each of the Issuer and the Administrator, provided that (i) the Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied in connection therewith, (ii) the Trustee shall have consented and (iii) in the case of any amendment that increases
ongoing financing costs as defined in the Financing Order, the Louisiana Commission shall have consented thereto or shall be conclusively deemed to have consented thereto. With respect to the Louisiana Commissions consent to any amendment
to this Administration Agreement,

(a) 

the Administrator may request the consent of the Louisiana Commission by delivering to the Louisiana Commissions executive secretary and executive counsel a written request for such consent, which request shall contain:

(i) 

a reference to Docket No. U-37213 and a statement as to the possible effect of the amendment on ongoing financing costs;

(ii) 

an Officers Certificate stating that the proposed amendment has been approved by all parties to this Administration Agreement; and

(iii) 

a statement identifying the person to whom the Louisiana Commission or its staff is to address its consent to the proposed amendment.

(b) 

Any amendment requiring the consent of the Louisiana Commission as provided in this Section 13 shall become effective on the later of:

(i) 

the date proposed by the parties to the amendment, or

(ii) 

31 days after such request is delivered to the Louisiana Commission unless the Louisiana Commission issues an order disapproving the amendment within a 30-day period.

8

Following delivery of a notice to the Louisiana Commission by the Administrator under Section 13(a) above, the Administrator and Issuer may at any time withdraw from the Louisiana Commission further consideration of
any notification of a proposed amendment.

14. 

Successors and Assigns. This Administration Agreement may not be assigned by the Administrator unless such assignment is
previously consented to in writing by the Issuer and the Trustee and subject to the satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition in connection therewith. Any assignment with such consent and satisfaction, if accepted by the assignee, shall
bind the assignee hereunder in the same manner as the Administrator is bound hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Administration Agreement may be assigned by the Administrator without the consent of the Issuer or the Trustee and
without satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition to a corporation or other organization that is a successor (by merger, reorganization, consolidation or purchase of assets) to the Administrator; provided that such successor organization
executes and delivers to the Issuer an agreement in which such corporation or other organization agrees to be bound hereunder by the terms of said assignment in the same manner as the Administrator is bound hereunder. Subject to the
foregoing, this Administration Agreement shall bind any successors or assigns of the parties hereto. Upon satisfaction of all of the conditions of this Section 14, the preceding Administrator shall automatically and without further notice
be released from all of its obligations hereunder.

15. 

Governing Law. This Administration Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Louisiana,
without reference to its conflict of law provisions, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws.

16. 

Headings. The Section headings hereof have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be construed to
affect the meaning, construction or effect of this Administration Agreement.

17. 

Counterparts. This Administration Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be an
original, but all of which together shall constitute but one and the same Administration Agreement.

18. 

Severability. Any provision of this Administration Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall be
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such
provision in any other jurisdiction.

19. 

Nonpetition Covenant. Notwithstanding any prior termination of this Administration Agreement, the Administrator covenants
that it shall not, prior to the date which is one year and one day after termination of the Indenture and payment in full of the Energy Transition Bonds, all Financing Costs and any other amounts owed under the Indenture by the Issuer,
acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the Issuer to invoke or join with any Person to invoke the process of any court or government authority for the purpose of commencing or sustaining an involuntary case against the Issuer
under any U.S. federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuer for any substantial part of its property, or
ordering the dissolution, winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Issuer.

9

20. 

Pledge to Trustee. The Administrator hereby acknowledges and consents to any pledge and grant of a security interest by the
Issuer to the Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to the Indenture of any or all of the Issuers rights hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee is a third-party beneficiary of this Administration Agreement
and is entitled to the rights and benefits hereunder and may enforce the provisions hereof as if it were a party hereto.

[Rest of page intentionally left blank]

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Administration Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written.

CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC, as Issuer

By: /s/ William G. Fontenot

Name: William G. Fontenot

Title: President

CLECO POWER LLC, as Administrator

By: /s/ William G. Fontenot

Name: William G. Fontenot

Title: Chief Executive Officer

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ny20039729x11_ex10-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT

INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT dated as of March 12, 2025 among:

Cleco Power LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company (in its individual capacity, the Company),

Cleco Securitization I LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company (the Storm Recovery Bond Issuer),

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, in its capacity as storm recovery bond trustee under the Indenture dated as of June 22, 2022 (the Storm Recovery Bond Trustee), among the Storm Recovery Bond Issuer and the Storm Recovery Bond Trustee,

Cleco Power LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company as the initial servicer of the Storm Recovery Property referred to below (including any successor in such capacity, the Storm Recovery Charge Servicer),

Cleco Securitization II LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company (the Energy Transition Bond Issuer),

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, in its capacity as energy transition bond trustee under the Indenture dated as of the date hereof (the Energy Transition Bond Trustee), among the Energy Transition Bond Issuer and the Energy Transition Bond Trustee,

Cleco Power LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company, in its capacity as the initial servicer of the Energy Transition Property referred to below (including any successor in such capacity, the Energy Transition Charge Servicer),

Cleco Power LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company, in its capacity as collection agent for the benefit of the Storm Recovery Charge Servicer and the Energy Transition Charge Servicer (the Utility),

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Storm Recovery Property Sale Agreement dated as of June 22, 2022, between the Storm Recovery Bond Issuer and the Company in its capacity as Seller (as it may
hereafter from time to time be amended, restated or modified, the Storm Recovery Sale Agreement ), the Company has sold to the Storm Recovery Bond Issuer certain assets known as Storm Recovery Property which includes rights to the Storm Recovery Charges (hereinafter, the Storm Recovery Property and the Storm Recovery Charges); and

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Indenture dated as of June 22, 2022, among the Storm Recovery Bond Issuer, the Storm Recovery Bond Trustee, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company,
National Association, in its capacity as Securities Intermediary (as it may hereafter from time to time be amended, restated or modified and as supplemented from time to time by one or more Series Supplements, such Series Supplements and Indenture
being collectively referred to herein as the Storm Recovery Indenture), the Storm Recovery Bond Issuer, among other things, has granted to the Storm Recovery Bond Trustee a security
interest in certain of its assets, including the Storm Recovery Property, to secure the Storm Recovery Bonds issued pursuant to the Storm Recovery Indenture (the Storm Recovery Bonds); and

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Storm Recovery Servicing Agreement dated as of June 22, 2022, between the Storm Recovery Bond Issuer and the Storm Recovery Charge Servicer (as it may hereafter
from time to time be amended, restated or modified, the Storm Recovery Servicing Agreement), the Storm Recovery Charge Servicer has agreed to provide for the benefit of the Storm Recovery
Bond Issuer servicing functions with respect to the Storm Recovery Property and the Storm Recovery Charges; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Energy Transition Property Sale Agreement dated as of date hereof, between the Energy Transition Bond Issuer and the Company in its capacity as Seller (as it may
hereafter from time to time be amended, restated or modified, the Energy Transition Sale Agreement), the Company has sold to the Energy Transition Bond Issuer certain assets known as Energy Transition Property which includes the Energy Transition Charges (hereinafter, the Energy Transition Property and the Energy Transition Charges); and

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Indenture dated as of date hereof, among the Energy Transition Bond Issuer, the Energy Transition Bond Trustee, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company,
National Association in its capacity as Securities Intermediary (as it may hereafter from time to time be amended, restated or modified and as supplemented from time to time by one or more Series Supplements, such Series Supplements and Indenture
being collectively referred to herein as the Energy Transition Indenture, and together with the Storm Recovery Indenture, the Indentures),

the Energy Transition Bond Issuer, among other things, has granted to the Energy Transition Bond Trustee a security interest in certain of its assets, including the Energy Transition Property, to secure the Energy Transition Bonds issued pursuant to
the Energy Transition Indenture (the Energy Transition Bonds); and

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Energy Transition Servicing Agreement dated as of the date hereof, between the Energy Transition Bond Issuer and the Energy Transition Charge Servicer (as it may
hereafter from time to time be amended, restated or modified, the Energy Transition Servicing Agreement), the Energy Transition Charge Servicer has agreed to provide for the benefit of the
Energy Transition Bond Issuer servicing functions with respect to the Energy Transition Property and the Energy Transition Charges; and

WHEREAS, the parties hereto wish to agree upon their respective rights relating to such collections and any bank accounts into which the same may be deposited, as well as other matters of common
interest to them which arise under or result from the coexistence of the Storm Recovery Sale Agreement, the Storm Recovery Indenture, the Storm Recovery Servicing Agreement, the Energy Transition Sale Agreement, the Energy Transition Indenture and
the Energy Transition Servicing Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

- 2 -

SECTION 1. Acknowledgment of Ownership Interests and Security Interests. The Storm Recovery Bond Trustee, the Storm Recovery Bond Issuer, and the Storm Recovery Charge Servicer each hereby
acknowledge the ownership interest of the Energy Transition Bond Issuer in the Energy Transition Property, including the Energy Transition Charges and the revenues, collections, claims, rights, payments, monies and proceeds arising therefrom, and the
security interests in favor of the Energy Transition Bond Trustee for the benefit of itself and the Holders of the Energy Transition Bonds (as defined in the Energy Transition Indenture) in the Energy Transition Property.

The Energy Transition Bond Trustee, the Energy Transition Bond Issuer, and the Energy Transition Charge Servicer each hereby acknowledge the ownership interest of the Storm Recovery Bond Issuer in
the Storm Recovery Property, including the Storm Recovery Charges and the revenues, collections, claims, rights, payments, monies and proceeds arising therefrom, and the security interests in favor of the Storm Recovery Bond Trustee for the benefit
of itself and the Holders of the Storm Recovery Bonds (as defined in the Storm Recovery Indenture) in the Storm Recovery Property.

SECTION 2. Deposit Accounts. The Storm Recovery Bond Issuer, the Storm Recovery Bond Trustee, the Storm Recovery Charge Servicer, the Energy Transition Bond Issuer, the Energy Transition
Bond Trustee, and the Energy Transition Charge Servicer each acknowledge that collections with respect to the Storm Recovery Property and the Energy Transition Property may from time to time be deposited into one or more designated accounts of the
Utility (the Deposit Accounts). Subject to Section 4 below, the Utility agrees to:

(i) maintain the Deposit Accounts for the benefit of the Storm Recovery Charge Servicer, the Storm Recovery Bond Trustee, the Storm Recovery Bond Issuer, the Energy Transition Charge Servicer, the
Energy Transition Bond Trustee, and the Energy Transition Bond Issuer, as their respective interests may appear;

(ii) allocate and remit funds from the Deposit Accounts: (a) at the times specified in the respective Indentures and Servicing Agreements to the Storm Recovery Bond Trustee in the case of collections
relating to the Storm Recovery Property and to the Energy Transition Bond Trustee in the case of collections relating to the Energy Transition Property; provided that: to the extent the amount remitted by a customer is insufficient to satisfy
any bill in respect of the Storm Recovery Charges and the Energy Transition Charges, the amount paid by the customer will be applied to all charges on the bill, including without limitation electric service charges, all energy transition charges
(under the Financing Order (as defined in the Energy Transition Indenture) or future orders of the Louisiana Public Service Commission (the LPSC)), all storm recovery charges (under
existing or future LPSC orders), and all similar securitization charges under future LPSC orders, based, as to a bill with charges covering more than one month, on the chronological order of billing, and, as to those charges with the same billing
date, pro-rata. In addition, such partial collections representing energy transition charges, including the Energy Transition Charges, storm recovery charges, including the Storm Recovery Charges, and any other similar securitization charges shall be
allocated among all such securitization bonds pro-rata based upon the amounts billed with respect to each issuance of securitization bonds, provided that late fees and charges may be allocated to the Storm Recovery Charge Servicer and the Energy
Transition Charge Servicer as provided in the applicable tariff; and

- 3 -

(iii) maintain records as to the amounts deposited into the Deposit Accounts, the amounts remitted therefrom and the allocation as provided in clause (ii) above.

Each of the Storm Recovery Bond Trustee, the Storm Recovery Bond Issuer, the Energy Transition Bond Trustee, and the Energy Transition Bond Issuer shall have the right to require an accounting from time to time of
collections, allocations and remittances by the Utility relating to the Deposit Accounts.

Each of the parties hereto acknowledges the respective security interests of the others in amounts on deposit in the Deposit Accounts to the extent of their respective interests as described in this
Agreement.

SECTION 3. Time or Order of Attachment. The acknowledgments contained in Sections 1 and 2 of this Agreement are applicable irrespective of the time or order of attachment or perfection of
security or ownership interests or the time or order of filing or recording of financing statements or mortgages or filings under the respective applicable Securitization Act (as defined in the applicable Indenture) and LSPC Regulations (as defined
in the applicable Servicing Agreement).

SECTION 4. Servicing. (a)(i) Pursuant to Section 2 above, the Company, in its role as Storm Recovery Charge Servicer and Energy Transition Charge Servicer, shall allocate and remit funds
received from customers for the Storm Recovery Bonds and the Energy Transition Bonds, respectively, and shall control the movement of such funds out of the Deposit Accounts (such allocation, remittance and deposits hereafter called the Allocation Services). The same entity must always act as servicer in the performance of the Allocation Services as to all of the Storm Recovery Bonds and all of the Energy Transition Bonds. 
In the event that the Storm Recovery Bond Trustee and the Energy Transition Bond Trustee is entitled to and desires to exercise its right to replace the Company as Storm Recovery Charge Servicer or Energy Transition Charge Servicer, respectively, in
its role as the provider of the Allocation Services, the party desiring to exercise such right shall promptly give written notice to the other (the Servicer Notice) and consult with the
other with respect to the Person who would replace the Company in such capacities. Any successor in such capacities shall be agreed to by the Storm Recovery Bond Trustee and the Energy Transition Bond Trustee, within ten Business Days of the date of
the Servicer Notice, and such successor shall be subject to satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition (as defined below). BusinessDay
means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or any holiday for national banks or any New York banking corporation in New York, New York or New Orleans, Louisiana. The Person named as replacement Storm Recovery Charge Servicer or Energy Transition
Charge Servicer (as the case may be) in accordance with this Section 4 is referred to herein as the Replacement Servicer.

- 4 -

(ii) In the event that the Storm Recovery Bond Trustee or the Energy Transition Bond Trustee is entitled to and desires to exercise its rights to redirect collections relating to the Storm
Recovery Property or the Energy Transition Property (as the case may be), any redirection of funds shall be either to (A) the Replacement Servicer or (B) if there is no Replacement Servicer, to the Designated Account with the Designated Account
Holder chosen in accordance with the provisions set forth below, on or before the tenth Business Day occurring from and after the date of the Servicer Notice. The Designated Account shall
be an Eligible Securities Account (as defined in the applicable Indenture) and shall be held for the benefit of the Storm Recovery Bond Trustee, and the Energy Transition Bond Trustee, as
their interests may appear. The Designated Account Holder shall be a financial institution jointly selected by the Storm Recovery Bond Trustee and the Energy Transition Bond Trustee,
subject to satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition, to hold and allocate amounts in the Designated Account for the benefit of the Storm Recovery Bond Trustee and the Energy Transition Bond Trustee as their interests may appear as provided in
paragraph (b) below. In the event that the Storm Recovery Bond Trustee and the Energy Transition Bond Trustee are unable to agree upon a Designated Account Holder on or before the tenth Business Day occurring from and after the date of the Servicer
Notice, a Designated Account Holder shall be promptly selected by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by the Utility at such time, subject to the satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition.

(b) Upon exercise by the Storm Recovery Bond Trustee or the Energy Transition Bond Trustee of its rights to redirect collections relating to the Storm Recovery Property or the Energy
Transition Property, and in the absence of a Replacement Servicer, the parties agree that all collections relating to the Storm Recovery Property and the Energy Transition Property shall be deposited into the Designated Account and that the
Designated Account Holder shall be instructed by the Utility to (i) allocate and remit funds from such Designated Account, in amounts calculated by the Utility, with such calculations provided to the Designated Account Holder on a daily basis to the
persons entitled thereto, being the Storm Recovery Bond Trustee in the case of all collections relating to the Storm Recovery Property and the Energy Transition Bond Trustee in the case of all collections relating to the Energy Transition Property;
and (ii) maintain records as to the amounts deposited into such account, the amounts remitted therefrom and the allocation as provided in clause (i). The fees and expenses of the Designated Account Holder shall be payable from amounts deposited into
the Designated Account on a pro rata basis as between collections relating to the Storm Recovery Property and the Energy Transition Property; provided that that portion of those fees and expenses allocable to collections relating to the Storm
Recovery Property and the Energy Transition Property shall be payable by the Storm Recovery Charge Servicer and the Energy Transition Charge Servicer, respectively, from the servicer fees (Servicer

Fees) provided for in the Storm Recovery Servicing Agreement and the Energy Transition Servicing Agreement, such payments to be made on the Payment Dates (as defined in the applicable Indenture) related to such Servicer Fees. The Storm
Recovery Bond Trustee, the Storm Recovery Bond Issuer, the Energy Transition Bond Trustee, and the Energy Transition Bond Issuer shall each have the right to require an accounting from time to time of collections, allocations and remittances by the
Designated Account Holder.

(c) If a Replacement Servicer cannot be appointed in accordance with Section 4(a)(i) above, then either of the Storm Recovery Bond Trustee or the Energy Transition Bond Trustee may exercise
its rights under Section 4(a)(ii)(B) above.

- 5 -

(d) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, any action taken by either of the Storm Recovery Bond Trustee or the Energy Transition Bond Trustee to appoint a Replacement
Servicer or designate the Designated Account pursuant to this Section 4 shall be subject to the Rating Agency Condition and the consent, if required by applicable law or the Financing Order (as defined in the applicable Indenture), of the Louisiana
Public Service Commission. For the purposes of this Agreement, the Rating Agency Condition means, with respect to any action, the notification in writing to each rating agency then rating
the Storm Recovery Bonds or the Energy Transition Bonds (or any tranche thereof) of such action at least 15 Business Days prior to such action, and (i) so long as S&P (as defined in the applicable Indenture) generally will provide such
confirmations with respect to asset-backed securities issued by regulated electric utilities that are backed by storm recovery property, energy transition property or other types of property specifically created or defined for those securitizations
by state legislatures, enactments, confirmation by S&P that such action will not result in a suspension, withdrawal or downgrade of the then-current rating by S&P of the Storm Recovery Bonds or the Energy Transition Bonds (or any tranche
thereof), and (ii) that, prior to the taking of the proposed action, no rating agency then rating the Storm Recovery Bonds or the Energy Transition Bonds (or any tranche thereof) provides written notice to the Storm Recovery Bond Issuer, the Storm
Recovery Bond Trustee, the Storm Recovery Charge Servicer, the Energy Transition Bond Issuer, the Energy Transition Bond Trustee, or the Energy Transition Charge Servicer, as applicable, that such action would result in the suspension, withdrawal or
downgrade of the then-current rating of the Storm Recovery Bonds or the Energy Transition Bonds (or any tranche thereof). The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the approval or the consent of S&P which may be required to satisfy the Rating
Agency Condition is not subject to any standard of commercial reasonableness, and the parties are bound to satisfy this condition whether or not S&P is unreasonable or arbitrary.

SECTION 5. Sharing of Information. The parties hereto agree to cooperate with each other and make available to each other or any Replacement Servicer any and all records and other data
relevant to the Storm Recovery Property and the Energy Transition Property which it may have in its possession or may from time to time receive from the Company or any predecessor Storm Recovery Charge Servicer or Energy Transition Charge Servicer,
including, without limitation, any and all computer programs, data files, documents, instruments, files and records and any receptacles and cabinets containing the same. The Company hereby consents to the release of information regarding the Company
pursuant to this Section 5.

SECTION 6. No Joint Venture. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed as effecting a joint venture among any of the Storm Recovery Bond Issuer, the Storm Recovery Bond Trustee, the Energy
Transition Bond Issuer, the Energy Transition Bond Trustee, and the Company.

SECTION 7. Method of Adjustment and Allocation. Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, for the purpose of this Agreement only, the Energy Transition Bond Issuer and the
Energy Transition Bond Trustee, each hereby consent and agree to (a) the method of adjustment of the Storm Recovery Charges in accordance with Section 4.01 of the Storm Recovery Servicing Agreement in the form attached thereto, and (b) the remittance
of Storm Recovery Charges in accordance with Section 6.12 of the Storm Recovery Servicing Agreement in the form attached thereto. Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, for the purpose of this Agreement only, the Storm Recovery Bond
Issuer and the Storm Recovery Bond Trustee, each hereby consent and agree to (a) the method of adjustment of the Energy Transition Charges in accordance with Section 4.01 of the Energy Transition Servicing Agreement in the form attached thereto, and
(b) the remittance of Energy Transition Charges in accordance with Section 6.12 of the Energy Transition Servicing Agreement in the form attached thereto, and irrevocably waive any right to object to or enjoin such adjustment, calculation, payment or
allocation.

- 6 -

SECTION 8. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate upon the payment in full of the Energy Transition Bonds,
except that the understandings and acknowledgments contained in Sections 1, 2 and 3 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

SECTION 9. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Louisiana.

SECTION 10. Further Assurances. Each of the parties hereto agrees to execute any and all agreements, instruments, financing statements, releases and any and all other documents reasonably
requested by any of the other parties hereto in order to effectuate the intent of this Agreement. In each case where a release is to be given pursuant to this Agreement, the term release shall include any documents or instruments necessary to effect
a release, as contemplated by this Agreement. All releases, subordinations and other instruments submitted to the executing party are to be prepared at no expense to such party.

SECTION 11. Limitation on Rights of Others. This Agreement is solely for the benefit of the Storm Recovery Bond Issuer, the Storm Recovery Bond Trustee for the benefit of itself, the Energy
Transition Bond Issuer, the Energy Transition Bond Trustee for the benefit of itself, the Holders of the Storm Recovery Bonds (as defined in the Storm Recovery Indenture) and the Holders of the Energy Transition Bonds (as defined in the Energy
Transition Indenture), and the Company and no other person or entity shall have any rights, benefits, priority or interest under or because of the existence of this Agreement.

SECTION 12. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered
shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. The parties hereto agree that this Agreement may be electronically signed, that any digital or
electronic signatures (including pdf, facsimile or electronically imaged signatures provided by DocuSign or any other digital signature provider as specified in writing to the Indenture Trustee) appearing on this Agreement are the same as
handwritten signatures for the purposes of validity, enforceability and admissibility, and that delivery of any such electronic signature to, or a signed copy of, this Agreement may be made by facsimile, email or other electronic transmission.

- 7 -

SECTION 13. Nonpetition Covenant. Notwithstanding any prior termination of this Agreement, the Storm Recovery Indenture or the Energy Transition Indenture, each of the Storm Recovery Bond
Trustee and the Energy Transition Bond Trustee agrees that it shall not, prior to the date which is one year and one day after termination of both of the Storm Recovery Indenture and the Energy Transition Indenture and payment in full of all of the
Storm Recovery Bonds and the Energy Transition Bonds and all other amounts owed under the Storm Recovery Indenture and the Entergy Transition Indenture, acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause either of the Storm Recovery Bond Issuer or the
Energy Transition Bond Issuer to invoke or otherwise join with any Person to invoke the process of any court or government authority for the purpose of commencing or sustaining an involuntary case against the Storm Recovery Bond Issuer or the Energy
Transition Bond Issuer under any U.S. federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Storm Recovery Bond Issuer or the Energy
Transition Bond Issuer for any substantial part of its respective property, or ordering the dissolution, winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Storm Recovery Bond Issuer or the Energy Transition Bond Issuer.

SECTION 14. Trustees. The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, as Storm Recovery Bond Trustee, in acting hereunder is entitled to all rights, benefits, protections,
immunities and indemnities accorded to it under the Storm Recovery Indenture. The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, as Energy Transition Bond Trustee in acting hereunder is entitled to all rights, benefits, protections,
immunities and indemnities accorded to it under the Energy Transition Indenture.

SECTION 15. Pledge to Respective Trustees. (a) Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and consents to any pledge and grant of a security interest by the Storm Recovery Bond Issuer to the
Storm Recovery Bond Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties (as defined in the Storm Recovery Indenture) pursuant to the Storm Recovery Indenture of any or all of the Storm Recovery Bond Issuers rights hereunder.

(b) Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and consents to any pledge and grant of a security interest by the Energy Transition Bond Issuer to the Energy Transition Bond Trustee for the
benefit of the Secured Parties (as defined in the Energy Transition Indenture) pursuant to the Energy Transition Indenture of any or all of the Energy Transition Bond Issuers rights hereunder.

[Rest of page intentionally left blank]

- 8 -

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written.

CLECO POWER LLC

as Company

By: /s/ William G. Fontenot

Name: 

William G. Fontenot

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer

CLECO POWER LLC

as Storm Recovery Charge Servicer

By: /s/ William G. Fontenot

Name: 

William G. Fontenot

Title: Chief Executive Officer

CLECO POWER LLC

as Energy Transition Charge Servicer

By: /s/ William G. Fontenot

Name: William G. Fontenot

Title: Chief Executive Officer

CLECO POWER LLC

as Utility

By: /s/ William G. Fontenot

Name: 

William G. Fontenot

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer

Cleco Securitization I LLC and Cleco Securitization II LLC Intercreditor Agreement

CLECO SECURITIZATION I LLC

By: 

/s/ William G. Fontenot

Name: 

William G. Fontenot

Title: President

CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC

By: 

/s/ William G. Fontenot

Name: 

William G. Fontenot

Title: 

President

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Storm Recovery Bond Trustee

: 

By: /s/ David H. Hill

Name: David H. Hill

Title: Vice President

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Energy Transition Bond Trustee

By: 

/s/ David H. Hill

Name: David H. Hill

Title: Vice President

Cleco Securitization I LLC and Cleco Securitization II LLC Intercreditor Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ny20039729x11_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

March 12, 2025 

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

Re:

Cleco Securitization II LLC: 

Constitutional Issues 

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to Cleco Securitization II LLC (the Issuer), a Louisiana limited
liability company, and Cleco Power LLC (the Utility), a Louisiana limited liability company, in connection with the following (collectively the Transaction):

(i)the issuance of Order No. U-37213 (the Financing Order) approved by the Louisiana Public Service Commission (the LPSC) on November 20, 2024, and issued on November 27,
2024, pursuant to the Louisiana Electric Utility Energy Transition Securitization Act, La. R.S. 45:1271-1281 (the Securitization Act) and other constitutional and statutory authority;

(ii)the sale of the rights and interests of the Utility in and to
certain energy transition property as defined in and created under the Securitization Act and the Financing Order to the Issuer pursuant to that certain Energy Transition Property Sale Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2025, between the Utility and
the Issuer (the Sale Agreement); and

(iii)the concurrent issuance of debt securities (the Issuers
Series 2025-A Senior Secured Energy Transition Bonds) (the Bonds) by the Issuer secured by (among other things) a security interest in the energy transition property pursuant to that
certain Indenture dated as of March 12, 2025, as supplemented by the Series Supplement dated as of March 12, 2025 (collectively, the Indenture), between the Issuer and The Bank of New
York Mellon Trust Company N.A., as trustee acting on behalf of the holders of the Bonds (the Bondholders).

Capitalized terms that are defined in the Indenture but are not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Indenture. The
Indenture, the Sale Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, and the Administration Agreement are referred to herein collectively as the Transaction Documents.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -2-

Opinions Requested

You have requested our reasoned opinions as to:

(a) whether the Bondholders could challenge successfully under the contract clause of the United States Constitution (Article I, Section 10, Clause 1
of the United States Constitution, the Federal Contract Clause), which provides in pertinent part that [n]o State shall . . . pass any . . . Law impairing the obligation of contracts, or
under the contract clause of the Louisiana Constitution (Article I, Section 23 of the Louisiana Constitution of 1974, the Louisiana Contract Clause), which provides in pertinent part that
[n]o . . . law impairing the obligation of contracts shall be enacted, the constitutionality of any action by the State of Louisiana, including the LPSC, of a legislative character, including the repeal or amendment of the Securitization Act or the
Financing Order, that a reviewing court of competent jurisdiction would determine repeals, amends or violates the Legislative Pledge (as defined below) contained in the Securitization Act or the LPSC Pledge (as defined below) authorized by the
Securitization Act and contained in the Financing Order in a manner that substantially reduces, limits or impairs the value of the Bonds or substantially reduces, limits or impairs the Energy Transition Property or the rights and remedies of the
Bondholders (any such event being an impairment) prior to the time the Bonds are fully paid and discharged; and

(b) whether, under the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution (made applicable to the State of Louisiana through the Due Process Clause of
the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution), which provides in pertinent part, nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation (the Federal Takings Clause),

or under Article I, Section 4 of the Louisiana Constitution, which provides in pertinent part that [p]roperty shall not be taken or damaged by the state or its political subdivisions except for public purposes and with just compensation paid to the
owner or into court for his benefit (the Louisiana Takings Clause), a reviewing court of competent jurisdiction would find a compensable taking if the State of Louisiana, including the
LPSC, takes action of a legislative character that repeals, amends or violates the Legislative Pledge or the LPSC Pledge or takes other action in contravention of either of the Pledges (as defined below) that the court concludes permanently
appropriates the Energy Transition Charges or otherwise substantially reduces, limits or impairs the value of the Energy Transition Property, the Bonds or another substantial property interest of the Bondholders and deprives such Bondholders of their
reasonable expectations arising from their investments in the Bonds (any such event being a taking).

You also have requested our opinion as to whether the Securitization Act is constitutional in all material respects under the United States and
Louisiana Constitutions.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -3-

Assumptions

In connection with rendering the opinions set forth below, we have examined and relied upon originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to
our satisfaction, of (i) the Sale Agreement, (ii) the Indenture, (iii) the Registration Statement on Form SF-1 of the Utility, as sponsor, and the Issuer, as issuing entity, (iv) the Securitization Act, (v) the Financing Order, and (vi) such other
documents relating to the Transaction as we have deemed necessary or advisable as the basis for such opinions.

In our examination, we have assumed the legal capacity of all natural persons, the genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all documents
submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as certified or photostatic copies and the authenticity of the originals of such latter documents. In making our examination of documents, for purposes
of this Opinion we have assumed (a) that the parties to such documents have the power, corporate or other, to enter into and perform all obligations thereunder, and (b) the due authorization by all requisite action, corporate or other, and the
execution and delivery by such parties of such documents, including the Transaction Documents, and the validity and binding effect thereof. In addition, we have assumed that the Bonds will be issued, and the Transaction will occur, in compliance with
the Transaction Documents and the Financing Order. We further have assumed for purposes of this Opinion that the Financing Order was duly authorized and issued by the LPSC in accordance with all applicable Louisiana statutes, rules and regulations
(including without limitation all filing, publication, and notice requirements); the Financing Order and the process by which it was issued comply with all applicable Louisiana statutes, rules and regulations; the Financing Order is in full force and
effect and is final and nonappealable; and the Securitization Act was duly enacted by the Louisiana Legislature in accordance with all applicable Louisiana laws and is in full force and effect (which matters are addressed by a separate opinion to you
dated of even date herewith).

We have assumed for purposes of this Opinion that any legislation enacted by the Louisiana Legislature or supplemental order adopted by the LPSC
impairing the value of the Bonds would constitute a substantial modification of the provisions of the Securitization Act or the Financing Order that provide support for the Bonds (and is done without providing full compensation for the Bondholders). 
The determination of whether particular governmental action of a legislative character constitutes a substantial impairment of a particular contract is a factspecific analysis, and nothing in this Opinion expresses any opinion as to how a court would
resolve the issue of substantial impairment with respect to the Bonds in relation to any particular action of a legislative character by the Legislature or the LPSC being challenged.1

1See infra note
78. The degree of impairment necessary to meet the standards for relief under the Takings Clauses or Contract Clauses analysis set forth in this Opinion could be substantially in excess of what a Bondholder would consider material. See also infra note 31 (inquiry whether government interference with property requires compensation under the Federal Takings Clause is fact-sensitive analysis). Furthermore, as
discussed below (see page 70), there is no assurance that any such award of compensation would be sufficient to pay the full amount of principal of and interest on the Bonds.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -4-

We have made no independent investigation of the facts referred to herein, and with respect to such facts we have relied, for purposes of rendering the
opinions set forth below, and except as otherwise expressly stated herein, exclusively on the statements contained and matters provided for in the Transaction Documents, the Registration Statement, and such other documents relating to the Transaction
as we have deemed advisable, including the factual representations, warranties and covenants contained therein as made by the respective parties thereto.

The Legislative Pledge

The Securitization Act contains the following pledge (the Legislative Pledge) by the State
of Louisiana and the Legislature of Louisiana, for the benefit of Bondholders, defined as a person who holds an energy transition bond as defined in the Securitization Act:

(1) The state and the Legislature of Louisiana each pledge to and agree with
bondholders, the owners of the energy transition property, and other financing parties that, until the financing costs and the energy transition bonds and any ancillary agreements have been paid and performed in full, the state and the Legislature
of Louisiana shall not do any of the following:

(a) Alter the provisions of this [Securitization Act] that authorize the commission
to create an irrevocable contract right by the issuance of a financing order, to create energy transition property, and to make the energy transition charges imposed by a financing order irrevocable, binding, and nonbypassable charges.

(b) Take or permit any action that impairs or would impair the value of energy
transition property.

(c) Take or permit any action that impairs or would impair the rights and remedies
of the issuer, any other assignee, such bondholders or other financing parties, or the security for the energy transition bonds or ancillary agreements.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -5-

(d) Except as provided for in this Section and except for adjustments under any
true-up mechanism established by the commission, reduce, alter, or impair energy transition charges that are to be imposed, collected, and remitted for the benefit of the bondholders and other financing parties until any and all principal,
interest, premium, financing costs and other fees, expenses, or charges incurred, and any contracts to be performed, in connection with the related energy transition bonds have been paid and performed in full.

(2) Nothing in this Subsection shall preclude limitation or alteration if and
when full compensation is made by law for the full protection of the energy transition charges imposed, charged, and collected pursuant to a financing order and full protection of the holders of energy transition charges collected pursuant to a
financing order and full protection of the holders of energy transition bonds and any assignee or financing party.2

As explicitly authorized by Securitization Act Section 1279(C), the Legislative Pledge has been included in the Bonds.

The Financing Order and LPSC Pledge

The Financing Order contains the following Ordering Paragraphs (the LPSC Pledge, and
together with the Legislative Pledge collectively the Pledges):

2 La. R.S. 45:1279(B). The concluding paragraph (B)(2) provision does not undermine the
contractual nature of the Legislative Pledge as evaluated below. It merely acknowledges that the Legislative Pledge is not absolute and provides the terms upon which the Statess undertakings therein can be changed. See infra note 18.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -6-

50. Irrevocable. After the earlier of the transfer of the energy transition property to the SPE [the Issuer] or issuance of the energy transition bonds authorized by this
Financing Order, this Financing Order is irrevocable until the indefeasible payment in full of such bonds, any ancillary agreements, and the related financing costs. The Commission covenants, pledges, and agrees it thereafter shall not amend,
modify, or terminate this Financing Order by any subsequent action, or reduce, impair, postpone, terminate, or otherwise adjust the energy transition charges approved in this Financing Order, or in any way reduce or impair the value of the energy
transition property created by this Financing Order, except as may be contemplated by a refinancing authorized in strict accordance with the Securitization Act by a subsequent order of the Commission or by the periodic true-up adjustments
authorized by this Financing Order, until the indefeasible payment in full of the energy transition bonds, any ancillary agreements, and the related financing costs.

51.Duration. Consistent with Ordering Paragraph 5, this Financing Order and the energy transition charges authorized hereby shall remain in effect until the energy transition bonds,
any ancillary agreements, and all financing costs related thereto have been indefeasibly paid or recovered in full. Consistent with Section 1273(C)(8), this Financing Order shall remain in effect and unabated notwithstanding the reorganization,
bankruptcy, or other insolvency proceedings, or the merger or sale, of Cleco [the Utility] or its successors.

52.Contract. The Commission acknowledges that the energy transition bonds approved by this Financing Order will be issued and purchased in express reliance upon this Financing Order
and the Commission's covenant and pledge herein of irrevocability and the vested contract right created hereby. The provisions of this Financing Order shall create a contractual obligation of irrevocability by the Commission in favor of the owners
from time to time of the energy transition bonds, and any such bondholders may by suit or other proceedings enforce and compel the performance of this Financing Order against the Commission in accordance with the indenture. It is expressly
provided that such remedy as to individual commissioners of the Commission is strictly limited to a claim solely for prospective relief of declaratory and injunctive relief only; there shall be no other cause or right of action for damages or
otherwise against the individual commissioners. The purchase of the energy transition bonds, which reference in their related documentation the covenant and pledge provided in this Financing Order, is acknowledged by the Commission to be adequate
consideration by the owners of these energy transition bonds for the Commission's covenant of irrevocability contained in this Financing Order. The Commission acknowledges that it would be unreasonable, arbitrary, and capricious for the Commission
to take any action contrary to the covenant and pledge set forth in this Financing Order after the issuance of the energy transition bonds.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -7-

54.Inclusion of Pledges. The SPE, as issuer of the energy transition bonds, is authorized, pursuant to Section 1279(C) of the Securitization Act and this Financing Order, to include
the State of Louisiana pledge contained in Section 1279 of the Securitization Act and the Commission pledge contained in Ordering Paragraph 50 with respect to the energy transition property and energy transition charges in these energy transition
bonds and related bond documentation. This Financing Order is subject to the State pledge.

As explicitly authorized by the Financing Order and by Securitization Act Section 1279(C), the LPSC Pledge in Financing Order Ordering Paragraph 50 has been included in
the Bonds.3

Outline of Analysis

If Louisiana were to take action of a legislative character, either by the Louisiana Legislature or the LPSC, including the repeal, rescission or
amendment of the Securitization Act or the Financing Order, that a court determines violates either of the Pledges in a manner that substantially reduces, limits or impairs the value of the Energy Transition Property including the Energy Transition
Charges, such action would raise issues under the Federal Takings Clause, the Louisiana Takings Clause, the Federal Contract Clause and the Louisiana Contract Clause. Additionally, with respect to such action by the LPSC, such action would raise
questions on direct appeal to Louisiana state courts of arbitrariness, capriciousness, abuse of authority and unreasonableness. The jurisprudence of the Louisiana Supreme Court clearly states that protection of private property, due process,
impairment of contracts and similar constitutional concerns are a part of the judicial review process regarding LPSC orders. The jurisprudence of the United States Supreme Court and the Louisiana Supreme Court also establishes that any challenge to
such action of a legislative character would raise the issue of whether the Pledges themselves are invalid and void under the reserved powers doctrine as beyond the States power to create irrevocable contract rights of this nature. In addition to
considering the foregoing issues, at your request we also address issues pertaining to possible injunctive relief in federal or state court.

3 Even absent this statutory language, the Transaction Documents should be regarded as
including the terms of the Securitization Act. Franklin California Tax-Free Trust v. Comm. of Puerto Rico, 85 F. Supp. 3d 577, 604 (D. P.R. 2015) (Franklin), jurisdiction declined over appeal of district courts order denying motions to dismiss Contract Clause and Takings
Clause claims, and affirmed on other grounds, 805 F.3d 322, 333 (1st Cir. 2015), affirmed on other
grounds, 579 U.S. 115, 136 S. Ct. 1938 (2016); see infra page 35.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -8-

We address these issues in the following order:

The LPSCs Powers

Irrevocability of the LPSC Pledge

Federal Takings Clause

Louisiana Takings Clause

Federal Contract Clause

Louisiana Contract Clause

Reserved Powers Doctrine

Jurisprudential Considerations and Injunctions

The Constitutional Claims on Direct Review

Conclusion: Reserved Powers Doctrine; Legislative Pledge; Takings Clauses; LPSC Pledge; Securitization Act

The LPSCs Powers

The LPSC is a creature of the Louisiana Constitution of 1974. It is a commission in the States executive branch given the power and duty by Article
IV, Section 21(B) of that Constitution to regulate all . . . public utilities. This provision gives the [LPSC] constitutional jurisdiction over public utilities and has been interpreted as granting the [LPSC] independent and plenary power to
regulate public utilities.4 Thus the LPSC is unlike the utility commissions in most other states, which are statutory creatures subject to the authority of the
respective state legislatures. Because the LPSC is a constitutional creature, the Legislature may not curtail its constitutional powers.5 Thus, the LPSCs broad power in
regulating utilities is as complete in every respect as the regulatory power that would have been vested in the legislature in the absence of Article IV Section 21(B), and the legislatures acts or omissions can not [sic] subtract from the
Commissions exclusive, plenary power to regulate all common carriers and public utilities.6The

LPSC pursues its constitutional function through the adoption and enforcement of reasonable rules and orders fundamental to these purposes.7 The LPSCs plenary
regulatory power exists by a self-executing constitutional provisions,8and its quite
broad powers and functions cause it to perform duties of prosecutor, legislator and judge.9 Further, the Louisiana Constitution explicitly authorizes the Legislature in
Article IV, Section 21 to grant to the LPSC other regulatory authority as provided by statute.10

4Entergy Louisiana, LLC v. LPSC,
2016-0424 (La. 2017), 221 So.3d 801, 804 (citations omitted) (ELL);Global Tel*Link, Inc. v. LPSC, 1997-0645
(La. 1998), 707 So.2d 28, 33 (citation omitted) (Global Tel*Link); accordOpelousas Trust Authority v. Cleco Corp., 2012-0622 (La. 2012), 105 So.3d 26, 36 (Opelousas).

5The Daily Advertiser v. Trans-LA,
612 So.2d 7, 10 (La. 1993).

6Eagle Water, Inc. v. LPSC,
947 So.2d 28, 32-33 (La. 2007); Global Tel*Link, 707 So.2d at 33; Bowie v. LPSC, 627 So.2d 164, 166 (La. 1993) (Bowie).

7Global Tel*Link, 707 So.2d at
33 (citation omitted).

8Bowie, 627 So.2d at 166.

9 Standard Oil Co. of Louisiana v. LPSC,
97 So. 859, 568 (La. 1923).

10Opelousas, 105 So.3d at 38.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -9-

The Louisiana Supreme Court, recognizing the constitutional authority of the LPSC, has evolved a standard of judicial review deferential to LPSC
orders. First, there is a presumption that LPSC orders are legal and proper, and it is the high burden of the party challenging an LPSC order to prove that it is defective.11 
Beyond this, the Louisiana Supreme Court has opined first that LPSC orders should not be overturned absent a showing of arbitrariness, capriciousness, or abuse of authority by the LPSC; secondly, that courts should be reluctant to substitute their
own views for those of the expert body charged with the legislative function; and, finally, that a decision of the [LPSC] will not be overturned absent a finding that it is clearly erroneous or that it is unsupported by the record.12 This standard is more deferential than the presumption of regularity usually accorded legislative statutes.13 This deferential standard extends also to the [LPSC]s interpretation of its own rules and past orders. 14

The LPSC acts in a legislative character and capacity in exercising its ratemaking authority. Ratemaking is recognized as a legislative function. Thus
the LPSCs ratemaking orders have statutory effect.15

11ELL, 221 So.3d at 805
(citations omitted); Global Tel*Link, 707 So.2d at 33-34 (citations omitted); Vacuum Track Carriers of Louisiana, Inc. v. LPSC,
2008-2340, 12 So.3d 932, 936 (La. 2009); Voicestream GSMI Operating Co., LLC v. LPSC, 943 So.2d 349, 358 (La. 2006) (Voicestream). 

See infra note 203.

12Entergy Gulf States, Inc. v. LPSC,
1998-1235 (La. 1999), 730 So.2d 890, 897 (citations and internal quotation marks omitted); Charles Hopkins DBA Old River Water Company v. LPSC, 2010-0255 (La. 2010), 41 So.3d 479); Gordon v. Council of City of New Orleans, 9 So.3d 63, 72 (La. 2009); Voicestream, 943 So.2d at 362.

13Dixie Elec. Membership Corp. v. LPSC,
441 So.2d 1208, 1210 (La. 1983); accordVoicestream; cf. infra note 194.

14Id. (citations

omitted). But see infra at notes 205-206 and 224-225.

15Louisiana Power & Light Co. v. LPSC,
377 So.2d 1023, 1028 (La. 1979); see infra note 69. A plaintiff Bondholder challenging an alleged impairment of contract based upon an LPSC decision would need to allege that
the LPSC acted in a legislative character and capacity, such as by issuing an order antithetical to the Financing Order and the LPSC Pledge, as opposed to making an error of a ministerial nature in carrying out its statutory obligations under the
Securitization Act, such as a mathematical error in a true-up adjustment.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -10-

Irrevocability of the LPSC Pledge

Based on our analysis of relevant constitutional, legislative and judicial authority, as set forth in this Opinion, and subject to all of the
qualifications, limitations and assumptions set forth in this Opinion (including the qualification regarding the reserved powers doctrine), in our opinion the LPSC has the authority to issue and enter into the LPSC Pledge (including the commitment
therein regarding irrevocability for the duration of the Bonds). Within its constitutional mandate to regulate public utilities, the LPSC is of equal constitutional dignity with the Louisiana Legislature.16 As presented above, the LPSCs power to regulate utilities is broad, independent, plenary and complete in every respect on a par with traditional state legislative power. The Louisiana Supreme Court has
characterized the constitutional plenary grant of authority to the LPSC as full, entire, complete, absolute, perfect, and unqualified.17 Furthermore, as noted above,
under the Louisiana Constitution Article IV, Section 21(B) the LPSC expressly has such other regulatory authority as provided by law, such as the Securitization Act. The Securitization Act explicitly authorizes the LPSC to issue the Financing Order
with a pledge that the LPSC will not amend, modify or terminate the Financing Order by any subsequent action or reduce, impair, postpone, terminate, or otherwise adjust the Energy Transition Charges.18 Thus, in our opinion, with respect to the Transaction the LPSC has the same power as would be vested in the Louisiana Legislature if not
for the constitutional grant to the LPSC in Article IV, Section 21(B) of the Louisiana Constitution to enter into the LPSC Pledge (and the same power to do so as possessed by the legislatures in other states where the public utility commission is not a
constitutional entity).

Nonetheless, it is generally understood and established that a legislative body (whether a state legislature or the LPSC) cannot abridge the power to
act of a succeeding legislative body. The reserved powers doctrine limits a legislative bodys ability to bind itself contractually in a manner that surrenders an essential attribute of its sovereignty. Under this doctrine, if a contract limits a
states reserved powers powers that cannot be contracted away such contract is void. The application of this reserved powers doctrine, discussed below in detail,19
will be the critical determination in any challenge to an action by the Louisiana Legislature or the LPSC that violates the Pledges.

16See supra notes 5-6, 8.

17Daily Advertiser, 612 So.2d
at 16 (quoting Blacks Law Dictionary).

18 La. R.S. 45:1273(C)(5). The Securitization Act further provides that nothing shall
preclude limitation or alteration of the Financing Order if and when full compensation is made for the full protection of the energy transition charges imposed, charged, and collected pursuant to the Financing Order and the full protection of the
holders of energy transition bonds and any assignee or financing party. The equivalent statement is made with respect to the Legislative Pledge. La. R.S. 45:1279(B)(2); see supra
note 2.

19See infra pages
26-27, 31-32, 39-40, and 63-69.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -11-

In particular, for the reasons discussed below, in our view the consequences of action by the LPSC that rescinds or amends the Financing Order or
otherwise creates an impairment or taking are most likely to be reviewed in proceedings on direct appeal of such action, as provided in the Securitization Act and the Louisiana Constitution. Such LPSC action and judicial review would require
consideration of issues under the general principles for judicial review of LPSC orders, as well as the constitutional analysis under the reserved powers doctrine and the Federal Takings Clause, the Louisiana Takings Clause, the Federal Contract Clause
and the Louisiana Contract Clause. Although, as discussed below, analysis of these constitutional issues has been subsumed by the Louisiana Supreme Court into its overall evaluation of whether an LPSC order should be overturned due to a showing of
arbitrariness, capriciousness, abuse of authority or unreasonableness, in order to provide you a full understanding of our analysis, we address below each of the constitutional provisions in turn first, before addressing the standard of judicial review
of LPSC action and its interaction with constitutional challenges.

Federal Takings Clause

The Federal Takings Clause provides: nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation.20 That provision is made applicable to state action by the Fourteenth Amendment of the United States Constitution21, no matter which branch of state government effects the taking.22 The Federal Takings
Clause covers both tangible and intangible property,23 and applies to personal property24
as well as real property. The right to ownership of money is a recognized property right under Louisiana law.25

20 U.S. Const., Amend V.

21Kelo v. City of New London,
545 U.S. 469, 472 n.1 (2005); Webbs Fabulous Pharmacies, Inc. v. Beckwith, 449 U.S. 155 (1980) (Webbs); Chicago, Burlington & Quincy Railroad Co. v. City of Chicago, 166 U.S. 226, 240 (1897).

22Sheetz v. County of El Dorado,
California, 601 U.S. 267, 276-77 (2024); Stop the Beach Renourishment, Inc. v. Florida Dept. of Envtl Prot., 560 U.S. 702, 713-15 (2010) (plurality opinion). This breadth
contrasts with the Contract Clauses, which are limited to restricting legislative power only. See infra note 69.

23Ruckelshaus v. Monsanto Co.,
467 U.S. 986 (1984) (Monsanto); Tahoe-Sierra Preservation Counsel, Inc. v. Tahoe Regional Planning Agency, 535
U.S. 302, 307 n.1 (2002). SeeJames v. Campbell, 104 U.S. 356, 358 (1881) (patent rights); Eastern Enters. v. Apfel, 524 U.S. 498, 523-24 (1998) (plurality) (applying regulatory takings framework to financial obligation to fund health benefits); Armstrong
v. United States, 364 U.S. 40, 44, 46 (1960) (materialmans lien); Louisville Joint Stock Land Bank v. Radford, 295 U.S. 555, 596-602 (1935) (real estate lien protected); see also infra note 26.

24Horne v. Dept of Agriculture,
576 U.S. 351, 357 (2015) (physical taking of fruit) (Horne); Sheetz v. County of El Dorado, California, 601
U.S. 267, 276-77 (2024).

25Lafaye v. City of New Orleans,
No. 20-41 (E.D. La. 03/09/2021), court slip op. at 15, 2021 WL 886118, overruled on other grounds, No. 21-30358, 35 F.4th 940 (5th Cir. 06/01/2022); seePhillips v. Washington Legal Foundation, 524 U.S. 156, 172 (1998) (under Texas law); Ballinger v. City of Oakland, 24 F.4th 1287, 1294 (9th Cir. 02/01/2022) (money can be the subject of a per se taking if it is a specific, identifiable pool of money), cert. denied, 142 S. Ct. 2777 (U.S. 2022). State law or existing rules or understandings about property rights, and not the United States Constitution, creates the protected property right. Tyler v. Hennepin County, Minnesota, 598 U.S. 631, 638 (2023); Monsanto, 467 U.S. at 1001; Webbs, 449 U.S. at 161; Board of Regents v. Roth, 408 U.S. 564, 577 (1972).

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -12-

The United States Supreme Court has stated broadly that contracts . . . are property and create vested rights for the purposes of the Federal Takings
Clause.26 However, it has clarified subsequently that the fact that legislation disregards or destroys existing contractual rights does not always transform the
regulation into an illegal taking.27 Contracts may create rights of property, but when contracts deal with a subject matter which lies within the control of Congress,
they have a congenital infirmity. Parties cannot remove their transactions from the reach of dominant constitutional power by making contracts about them.28

In addressing challenges pursuant to the Federal Takings Clause to state action of a legislative character, the Supreme Court has relied on an ad hoc
factual inquiry into the circumstances of each particular case (except for a limited category of per se regulatory challenges, with an exception for emergencies).29 The
Supreme Court has identified three factors that have particular significance in determining whether a regulatory taking has occurred: (i) the economic impact of the regulation on the claimant; (ii) the extent to which the regulation has interfered with
distinct investment-backed expectations; and (iii) the character of the governmental action.30

26Lynch v. United States, 292
U.S. 571, 577, 579 (1934) (In general, under the Fifth Amendment, [v]alid contracts are property, whether the obligor be a private individual, a municipality, a state, or the United States.), abrogated

on other grounds (due process) by Goldberg v. Kelly, 397 U.S. 254, 261-63 (1970); U.S. Trust Co. of New York v. New Jersey,
431 U.S. 1, 19 n.16 (1977) (dicta); Monsanto, 467 U.S. at 1003; accordKing

v. United States, 159 Fed.Cl. 450, 463 (Fed. Cl. 04/08/2022). The Supreme Court has also held that legislation that terminates a property interest can be considered a taking for which compensation is due. Hodel v. Irving, 481 U.S. 704 (1987) (federal law escheating certain fractional interests in tribal property to an Indian tribe was a compensable taking, see infra note 52). See infra note 50; but see infra note 61.

27Connolly v. Pension Benefit Guar. Corp.,
475 U.S. 211, 224 (1986) (Connolly).

28Id. at
223-24.

29Horne, 576 U.S. at 364; Connolly, 475 U.S. at 224; Penn Central Transportation Co. v. New York City, 438 U.S. 104, 124 (1978); Monsanto 467 U.S. at 1005. Federal Takings Clause cases can generally be divided into two distinct categories: physical takings, where the government physically occupies or takes title to private property, and
regulatory takings, where the government regulates the use of private property. Yee v. City of Escondido, 503 U.S. 519, 522-23 (1992). The United States Supreme Court has identified two
types of regulatory actions that constitute per se regulatory taking that create a categorical obligation for the government to compensate a property owner: regulations that involve a permanent physical invasion of property and regulations that
permanently deprive the owner of all economically beneficial use of the property. Lingle v. Chevron USA, Inc., 544 U.S. 528, 538 (2005). (Louisiana follows the same analysis under the
Louisiana Constitution. SeeRobert v. State, 327 So.3d 546, 560-63 (La. App. 4th Cir. 2021).) Outside of this latter
type of regulatory takings, which does not require complex analysis to warrant compensation, Lucas v. South Carolina Coastal Council, 505 U.S. 1003, 1015 (1992), the third type of other
regulatory action requires the ad hoc factual inquiry noted in the text. See infra note 39. Horne emphasizes the
different treatment of precedents for physical taking versus regulatory taking, Horne, 576 U.S. at 361. The Supreme Court further has recognized an exception to the requirement of
compensation when a taking by the government is necessitated by an imminent emergency requiring immediate government action, even when the economic impact is severe. [H]istorically oriented legal scholarship has widely converged on the thesis that a
necessity or emergency privilege has existed in Takings Clause jurisprudence since the Founding. Baker v. City of McKinney, Texas, 84 F.4th 378, 385 (5th Cir. 2023) (no compensation
required for severely damaged and destroyed property when it was objectively necessary for law enforcement officers to damage and destroy that property in an active emergency to prevent imminent harm to persons that began as a hostage situation
involving a child and evolved into a potential shootout in a residential neighborhood with a heavily armed fugitive), cert. denied, __ S.Ct. __, 2024 WL 4874818 (U.S.
11/25/2024). The emergency exception to the just compensation requirement of the Federal Takings Clause appears in several Supreme Court decisions involving the government's activities during military hostilities. United States v. Caltex (Philippines), Inc., 344 U.S. 149, 154 (1952) (relying, in part, on the common law, which had long recognized that in time of imminent peril - such as when fire threatened a whole community - the
sovereign could, with immunity, destroy the property of a few that the property of many and the lives of many more could be saved, the court found no taking when the U.S. military destroyed private oil facilities in the Philippines to prevent the
Japanese from taking control of the facilities during World War II; Natl Bd. of Young Men's Christian Ass'ns v. United States, 395 U.S. 85 (1969) (no compensable taking where private
property destroyed by rioters when U.S. troops take shelter there in the course of battle); United States v. Cent. Eureka Mining Co., 357 U.S. 155 (1958) (no compensable taking when
government forced gold mines to cease operations to conserve mining resources for war effort); United States v. Pacific Railroad,120 U.S. 227 (1887) (no compensation required due to exigencies of war when the military destroyed private bridges to prevent the advance of the enemy); American Mfrs. Mut. Ins. Co.
v. United States,453 F.2d 1380, 1381 (Ct. Cl. 1972) (compensation not required when private vessel was destroyed as part of the fortunes of war and by actual and
necessary military operations in attacking and defending against enemy forces). CompareUnited States v. Pewee Coal Co.,
341 U.S. 114 (1951) (plurality opinion) (compensable taking when occupation is physical rather than regulatory, emergency notwithstanding). The emergency exception is not limited to wartime activities, however. See, e.g.,Dames & Moore v. Regan, 453 U.S. 654 (1981) (no compensable taking resulting from Presidents executive order nullifying attachments on
Iranian assets and permitting those assets to be transferred out of the country); Miller v. Schoene, 276 U.S. 272 (1928) (no due process violation where trees destroyed to prevent disease
from spreading to other trees); Bowditch v. Boston, 101 U.S. 16, 18-19 (1879) (discussing common law and natural law supporting government immunity for destroying property to prevent imminent
fueling of an ongoing fire). The emergency exception is not limited to the physical destruction of property by the government, see Cent. Eureka Mining, 357 U.S. at 168, but the Supreme Court
did not mention the exception in finding a taking by wartime physical occupation of property, see Pewee, 341 U.S. at
116-17 (plurality opinion), which constitutes a per se taking. Arguably a permanent appropriation of property by the government would be generally inconsistent with the concept of an emergency in this context. See Cent. Eureka Mining, 357 U.S. at 168 (describing wartime restrictions as temporary in character). Compare infra note 235 (impairment of contracts due to emergencies).

30Connolly, 475 U.S. at 225. 
In discerning whether a taking has occurred, the first two factors are the main determinants, and the third may be relevant. Heights Apartments, LLC v. Walz, 30 F.4th 720, 734 (8th
Cir. 04/05/2022), rehearing en banc denied, 39 F.4th 479 (quoting Lingle v. Chevron USA, Inc., 544 U.S. 528, 538-39
(2005)).

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -13-

The first factor concerns whether the interference with property is so excessive as to require just compensation. This inquiry is a highly
fact-sensitive analysis. It incorporates the principle enunciated by Justice Holmes: Government hardly could go on if to some extent values incident to property could not be diminished without paying for every such change in the general law.31 [N]ot every destruction or injury to property by governmental action has been held to be a taking in the constitutional sense.32 Diminution in property value alone, thus, does not constitute a taking; there must be serious economic harm.

31Penn Coal Co. v. Mahon, 260
U.S. 393, 413 (1922); Loveladies Harbor, Inc. v. U.S., 28 F.3d 1171, 1176-77 (Fed. Cir. 1994) (Loveladies), abrogated on other grounds by Bass Enterprises Prod. Co. v. United States, 381 F.3d 1360, 1369-70 (Fed Cir. 2004). 
The question of whether a given governmental action has resulted in a compensable taking under the Louisiana Constitution also is inherently a fact-specific inquiry. City Bar, Inc. v. Edwards,
349 So.3d 22, 32 n.2 and 33 (La. App. 1 Cir. 08/20/2022) (City Bar), writ denied, 350 So.3d 498
(La. 2022).

32Armstrong v. U.S., 364 U.S.
40, 48 (1960); Yee, supra note 29, 503 U.S. at 522-23. CompareCity Bar at 30 n.1.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -14-

The second factor relates to whether the claimant reasonably relied to the claimants economic detriment on the expectation that the government would
not act as it did. It is applied as a way of limiting takings recoveries to owners who could demonstrate that they bought their property in reliance on a state of affairs that did not include the challenged regulatory regime.33 The burden of showing such interference is a heavy one.34 Thus, a reasonable
investment-backed expectation must be more than a unilateral expectation or an abstract need.35 Further, legislation adjusting rights and burdens is not unlawful
solely because it upsets otherwise settled expectations.36 [T]he fact that legislation disregards or destroys existing contractual rights does not always transform the
regulation into an illegal taking. . . . This is not to say that contractual rights are never property rights or that the Government may always take them for its own benefit without compensation.37 In order to sustain a claim under the Federal Takings Clause, the private party must show that it had a reasonable expectation at the
time the contract was entered that it would proceed without possible hindrance arising from changes in government policy.38

33Loveladies, 28 F.3d at
1177. Accord74 Pinehurst LLC v. State of New York, 59 F.4th 557, 567 (2d Cir. 02/06/2023), cert. denied, ___ S. Ct. ___, 218 L. Ed. 2d 66, 2024 WL 674658 (02/20/2024); Anaheim Gardens, L.P. v. United States,
953 F.3d 1344, 1349-51 (Fed. Cir. 2020) (where sophisticated investor voluntarily bought property after challenged legislation enacted, the complete lack of investment-back expectations overwhelmingly outweighs the other Penn Central factors). Compare infra notes 80 and 116 (reasonable reliance in Federal Contract Clause claims). But cf.Palm Beach Isles Associates v. U.S., 231 F.3d 1354, 1364 (Fed. Cir. 2000) (clarifying Loveladies
dictum by holding that in a categorical regulatory taking, in which all economically viable use and economic value has been taken by the regulatory imposition, the property owner
is entitled to recovery without regard to consideration of investment-backed expectations. In such a case, reasonable investment-backed expectations are not a proper part of the analysis, just as they are not in a physical takings case). See alsoAvenal v. U.S., 100 F.3d 933 (Fed. Cir. 1996) (holders of oyster bed leases, which are property, did not have
reasonable investment-backed expectations so as to be entitled to compensation due to the impact of a government freshwater diversion project, because they knew when they acquired the leases that their property rights were subject to inevitable changes
that the long-anticipated project would bring about).

34Keystone Bituminous Coal Assn v.
DeBenedictis, 480 U.S. 470, 493 (1987).

35Monsanto, 467 U.S. at 1005
(quoting Webbs, 449 U.S. at 161); accordDennis Melancon, Inc. v.
City of New Orleans, 703 F.3d 262 (5th Cir. 2012) (Melancon) (rejecting takings claim based on unilateral expectation that highly regulated framework of
taxicab licensing would not be changed).

36Usery v. Turner Elkhorn Mining Co.,
428 U.S. 1, 16 (1976).

37Connolly, 475 U.S. at 224.

38Chang v. U.S., 859 F.2d 893,
897 (Fed Cir. 1988). SeeNekrilov v. City of Jersey City, 45 F.4th 662, 674-77 (3d Cir. 2022) (discussing argument
that where the government itself affirmatively engenders the property owners investment-backed expectation and two decisions [Monsanto
and Kaiser Aetna v. U.S., 444 U.S. 164 (1979)] involving explicit promises the state made to property owners) and State v. Perez
Enterprises, LLC, No. S-1-SC-38510, 2021-NMSC-022, 489 P.3d 925 (N.M. 06/07/2021) (states emergency public health orders limiting and closing businesses due to COVID-19 pandemic do not support a regulatory takings compensation claim
because such orders are reasonable exercise of the police power).

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -15-

The third factor requires the court to examine the purpose and importance of the public interest underlying a regulatory imposition and inquire into
the degree of harm created by the claimants prohibited activity, its social value and location, and the ease with which any harm stemming from it could be prevented.39

Connolly is the leading case examining
whether a particular legislative action rises to the level of an unconstitutional taking. Connolly concerned a challenge to statutory amendments imposing upon certain employers a
substantial withdrawal penalty to be remitted to the pension trust upon withdrawal from a multi-employer pension plan. This withdrawal penalty had not existed at the time the trust was formed and the trust agreements were confected among the
employers and their employees.

The United States Supreme Court proceeded with an examination of the three factors it had determined govern its review of regulatory takings claims (in
reverse order). In considering the first factor, the economic impact of the regulation on the claimant, the Supreme Court found that the regulation clearly imposed a financial hardship upon the employers.40 However, the Supreme Court also found that [t]here is nothing to show that the withdrawal liability actually imposed on an employer will always be out of proportion to its experience with the plan.41 Given the proportionate impact of the regulation upon the employers, the Supreme Court concluded that this factor did not suggest a compensable taking had occurred.42

39Bass Enterprises Prod. Co. v. United
States, 381 F.3d 1360, 1370 (Fed. Cir. 2004). SeeSouth Grande View Dev. Co. v. City of Alabaster, Alabama,
1 F.4th 1299, 1311 (11th Cir. 2021) (the character of the government action factor is another way to examine the severity of the government interference with property rights in a Federal Takings Clause claims); see alsoTahoe-Sierra Preservation Council, Inc. v. Tahoe Regional Planning Agency, 535 U.S. 302, 323 (2002) (cases involving regulatory takings
necessarily entail that courts conduct complex factual assessments of the purposes and economic effects of government actions); Yee, 503 U.S. at 522-23; Keystone Bituminous Coal Assn v. DeBenedictis, 480 U.S. 470, 484 (1987).

40Connolly, 475 U.S. at 225.

41Connolly, 475 U.S. at 226.

42Id.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -16-

Regarding the second factor, the extent to which the regulation interfered with reasonable investment-backed expectations,43 the employers argument was that certain rights and liabilities had been established by the original trust documents, and that the imposition of withdrawal liability upsets those reasonable
expectations.44 The Supreme Court found, however, that [p]ension plans were the objects of legislative concern long before the passage of ERISA in 1974, and
furthermore that under ERISA the purpose of imposing withdrawal liability was to ensure that employees would receive the benefits promised them.45 Given this long-standing regulatory regime, [p]rudent employers then had more than sufficient notice not only that the pension plans were currently regulated, but also
that withdrawal itself might trigger additional financial obligations.46 As the Supreme Court admonished, [t]hose who do business in the regulated field cannot object
if the legislative scheme is buttressed by subsequent amendments to achieve the legislative end.47

In examining the third factor, the character of the governmental action, the Supreme Court found it significant that the regulation does not
physically invade or permanently appropriate any of the employers assets for its own use, but rather safeguards the participants in multiemployer pension plans by imposing upon a withdrawing employer a financial obligation to pay.48 The Supreme Court observed that [t]his interference with the property rights of an employer arises from a public program that adjusts the benefits and burdens of
economic life to promote the common good and, under our cases, does not constitute a taking requiring Government compensation.49 Based upon its consideration of the
three factors, the Supreme Court concluded that the imposition of withdrawal liability by Congress did not result in a compensable taking under the Fifth Amendment.

43Connolly, 475 U.S. at
226-27.

44Id. at
226.

45Id. at
227.

46Id. 
Because many factors could have an impact on the market price of the Bonds, maintenance of the market price of the Bonds might be considered a unilateral expectation of the Bondholders and not a reasonable investment-back expectation.

47Id. (internal quotation marks and citations omitted); accord Melancon,
703 F.3d at 272-75. Nonetheless, the fact that a property interest arises in a highly regulated environment does not per se render that property interest incognizable under the fifth amendment. King
v. United States, 159 Fed.Cl. 450, 476 (Fed. Cl. 04/08/2022).

48Connolly, 475 U.S. at 225.

49Id. 
(citations omitted).

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -17-

It is difficult to apply the jurisprudence under the Federal Takings Clause to a hypothetical taking arising by the otherwise proper exercise by the
State of Louisiana of its police power that to some degree abrogates (or impairs) contracts such as the Pledges otherwise binding on the State. (There is, of course, the significant likelihood of overlap, with such a taking also constituting an
impairment.)50 One argument by analogy is based upon the opinion in United States v. Security Industrial Bank,
where the Supreme Court recognized that a case where governmental action results in a complete destruction of a property right fits but awkwardly into the analysis framework employed in Penn Central.51 The plaintiffs were creditors challenging a bankruptcy reform statute with the argument that its change in the bankruptcy code to allow debtors to avoid the creditors
liens on the debtors property constituted an unconstitutional taking. The government argued that the statute simply imposed a general economic regulation which in effect transferred a property interest from one private party to another private party,
and did not involve the government acquiring for itself the property in question. The Supreme Court stressed that its cases show that the Federal Takings Clause analysis is not limited to outright acquisitions by the Government for itself, and
explained (quoting an earlier case which did involve a classic taking by the Government for itself): The total destruction by the Government of all value of these liens, which constitute compensable property, has every possible element of a Fifth
Amendment taking and is not a mere consequential incidence of a valid regulatory measure.52 To avoid the substantial doubt as to whether the statutory enactment
destroying the liens (property interests) comported with the Federal Takings Clause, the Supreme Court as a matter of statutory construction held that the legislation only applied to lien interests established after the enactment date.53

Louisiana Takings Clause

The Louisiana Takings Clause provides:

Every person has the right to acquire, own, control, use, enjoy, protect, and dispose of private property. This right is subject to
reasonable statutory restrictions and the reasonable exercise of the police power.

Property shall not be taken or damaged by the state or its political subdivisions except for public purposes and with just
compensation paid to the owner or into court for his benefit.54

50See supra note
26 and infra notes 148 and 172; Melendez v. City of New York, 16 F.4th 992, 1020 n.45 (2d Cir. 10/28/2021)
(recognition of some overlap in the protections afforded to private contracts by the Takings Clause and Contract Clause may explain how compensation came to figure in a subsequent balancing approach to Contract Clause). But see infra note 61.

51 459 U.S. 70, 75-76 (1982).

52U.S. v. Sec. Indus. Bank,
459 U.S. at 412 (citation omitted). SeeHodel v. Irving, 481 U.S. 704 (1987) (federal statute escheating certain
fractional interests in tribal property to an Indian tribe was a compensable taking, as total abrogation of a property right. See supra note 26.)

53U.S. v. Sec. Indus. Bank. 
The U.S. Constitution is concerned with the means used as well as the ends. Horne, 576 U.S. at 362.

54 La. Const. Art. I, Sec. 4. See infra note 213.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -18-

Louisiana recognizes an action for compensation for takings arising from State action, i.e., inverse condemnation. This action arises from the
self-executing nature of the Louisiana Takings Clause.55 This procedural remedy is available even though the Louisiana Legislature has not provided a specific statutory
procedure for such claims.56 This action applies to all taking or damaging of property
without just compensation, regardless of whether such property is corporeal or incorporeal (tangible or intangible).57 The Louisiana Supreme Court has adopted a
threeprong analysis to determine whether a compensable taking has occurred: [i]n accordance with this analysis, the court must: (1) determine if a recognized species of property right has been affected; (2) if it is determined that property is
involved, decide whether the property has been taken or damaged in a constitutional sense; and (3) determine whether the taking or damaging is for a public purpose.58

Application of this standard has been uneven, however, and in many cases the reviewing court has appeared to recognize the second factor as the
dispositive one. Moreover, of those cases decided under the Louisiana Takings Clause, none has considered regulations that affect an incorporeal movable right akin to the Energy Transition Property, as opposed to some incorporeal right associated with
immovable (real) property. These aspects of the Louisiana jurisprudence, combined with the absence of any actual concrete action to evaluate, makes resolving the hypothetical question presented difficult.

Nonetheless, some useful principles may be distilled from the extant Louisiana jurisprudence. In the modern era, the Louisiana Supreme Court, in
resolving inverse condemnation issues, has focused upon the extent to which the State has guaranteed a particular return on investment, and the extent of the taking.59 
Other cases, including those concerning the LPSCs regulation of public utilities, have relied upon the Louisiana Takings Clause being expressly subject to reasonable statutory restrictions and the reasonable exercise of the police power, to reject
inverse condemnations claims based upon a traditional exercise of the police power in a regulated industry.60

55State, Through DOTD v. Chambers Investment Co., Inc., 595 So.2d 598, 602 (La. 1992) (Chambers);

Watson Memorial Spiritual Temple of Christ v. Korban, 2024-C-00055 (La. 06/28/2024), 387 So.3d 449, 513; Crooks v. State, 343 So.3d
248, 262-63 (La. App. 3d Cir. 2022), writ denied, 349 So.3d 2 (La. 2022); Tucker v. Parish of St. Bernard,
2010 WL 3283093 (E.D. La. 8/7/2010); City Bar, supra note 31, at 30; cf.DeVillier v. Texas, 601 U.S. 285, 144 S. Ct. 938 (2024) (contrasting unanswered question whether Federal Takings Clause provides an implied direct cause of
action for just compensation with Texas State law inverse condemnation cause of action against the State based both on Federal Takings Clause and Texas Takings Clause).

56Chambers, 595 So.2d at 602.

57Chambers, 595 So.2d at 602;
City Bar at 30.

58Avenal v. State of Louisiana through
DNR, 2003-3521 (La. 2004), 886 So.2d 1085, 1104 (citations omitted) (Avenal), cert.
denied, 544 U.S. 1049 (2005). AccordCity Bar at 31. Regarding the first prong, the Securitization
Act states that energy transition property is an existing present, individualized property right under state law. La. R.S. 45:1272(10), 1274(A) and (E), and 1275(3).

59SeeAvenal, 886 So.2d at 1106, 1107 (coastal restoration project did not constitute compensable damaging of leases of oyster fishermen where, inter alia, leases did not guarantee commercial viability,
and restoration project did not completely and permanently destroy economic value of leases); see alsoAnnison v. Hoover,
517 So.2d 420, 432 (La. App. 1 Cir. 1987) (We hold that a regulatory program that adversely affects property values does not constitute a taking unless it destroys a major portion of the propertys value.) (citations omitted); writ denied, 519 So.2d 148 (La. 1988).

60See, e.g., Louisiana Power & Light Co. v. LPSC, 343 So.2d 1040, 1043 (La. 1977) (order inhibiting duplicative utility facilities was a reasonable exercise of LPSCs constitutional jurisdiction, and
therefore not a compensable taking); Belle Co. LLC v. State of Louisiana through DEQ, 2008-2382 (La. App. 1 Cir. 2009), 25 So.3d 847, writ denied, 18 So.3d 1288 and 1291 (La. 2009).

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -19-

In conclusion, in our view the jurisprudence does not directly address the applicability of the Federal Takings Clause or the Louisiana Takings Clause
in the context of the proper exercise by Louisiana of its police power to abrogate or impair the Pledges as contracts otherwise binding on the State. A challenge to a taking with respect to the Transaction will be based primarily on the application of
the second of the three Connolly factors -- the extent to which the state action has interfered with distinct investment-backed expectations.61The expectations of the Bondholders regarding the Energy Transition Property and the Energy Transition Charges will need to be proven
in fact to have been specifically created and promoted by the Pledges. This factor of expectations overlaps with the key factor under the Contract Clauses of reliance by the contracting party on the abridged contractual term. Indeed, we believe the
Federal and Louisiana Contract Clauses would provide a clearer basis for challenging an impairment of the Energy Transition Property.

Federal Contract Clause

The Federal Contract Clause mandates: No State shall . . . pass any . . . Law impairing the Obligation of Contracts . . . .62 The United States Supreme Court, however, has long held that this seemingly absolute prohibition is not absolute at all. Although the language of the Federal Contract Clause is facially
absolute, its prohibition must be accommodated to the inherent police power of the state to safeguard the vital interests of its people.63 The United States Supreme Court
has explained why the Contract Clause provides no absolute protection of contracts from the effects of state legislation as follows:

Although the Contract Clause appears literally to proscribe any
impairment, this Court observed in Blaisdell that the prohibition is not an absolute one and is not to be read with literal exactness like a mathematical formula. Thus, a
finding that there has been a technical impairment is merely a preliminary step in resolving the more difficult question whether that impairment is permitted under the Constitution. In the instant case, as in Blaisdell, we must attempt to reconcile the strictures of the Contract Clause with the essential attributes of sovereign power,
necessarily reserved by the States to safeguard the welfare of their citizens.64

61SeeAvenal, 886 So.2d at 1107 n.28 (discussing Federal Takings Clause analysis) and supra note 38 (discussing where government
affirmatively engenders the investment-based expectations). Although the factors set forth in Chambers under the Louisiana Takings Clause do not expressly include that Connolly factor, we believe it would be considered in the analysis. See supra note 59. CompareUrban Developers LLC v. City of Jackson, 468 F.3d 281, 303 (5th Cir. 2006) (It is an unsettled question, of course, the extent to which many
jurisdictions will recognize as protected by the Takings Clause a property right in contract) andBrandmeyer v. Regents of the
Univ. of California, No. 20-cv-02886-SK, 2020 WL 6816788, at *6 (N.D. Cal. 11/10/2020) (plaintiffs attempt to disguise their breach of contract claim as a takings violation is unavailing) withFranklin, supra note 3, 85 F. Supp. 3d 577, 611 (contracts are a form of property
for purposes of the [Federal] Takings Clause); see also supra notes 26 and 50.

62 U.S. Const. Art. I, Sec. X, Cl. 1. The United States Supreme Court has referred to this
constitutional provision both as the Contract Clause, see, e.g., United States Trust Co. of New York v. New Jersey,
431 U.S. 1, 14 (1977), and more recently as the Contracts Clause, see, e.g., Sveen v. Melin, 138 S. Ct. 1815, 1821
(2018); see alsoTennessee Wine & Spirits Retailers Assn v. Thomas, 588 U.S. 504, 139 S. Ct. 2449, 2463 (2019). 
In this Opinion, we employ the former more traditional appellation, except when quoted text does otherwise.

63Sveen v. Melin, 138 S. Ct.
1815, 1822 n.3, 201 L. Ed. 2d 180 (2018), infra note 66; Energy Reserves Group, Inc. v. Kansas Power & Light Co.,
459 U.S. 400, 410 (1983); seeBorman, LLC v. 18718 Borman LLC, 777 F.3d 816, 825-26 (6th Cir. 2015) (applying Energy Reserves framework to debt contracts, in the same manner as other contracts, with no additional constitutional protection to debt contracts, and noting the Supreme Court flatly rejects that
public purpose here is limited to crises or emergency or temporary situations, and further noting an impairment takes on constitutional dimensions only when it interferes with reasonably expected contractual benefits). See alsoSegura v. Frank, 630 So.2d 714, 728 (La. 1994) and infra
notes 96, 111, 119, and 235; compare supra note 29 (emergency exception to Federal Takings Clause).

64United States Trust Co. of New York v.
New Jersey, 431 U.S. 1, 21, 25 (1977) (U.S. Trust) (As with laws impairing the obligations of private contracts, an impairment [of a state contract] may be
constitutional if it is reasonable and necessary to serve an important public purpose.) See infra notes 83 and 101. The United States Supreme Court has recently declined to
address the contention that the modern test departs from the Federal Contract Clauses original meaning and earliest applications. Sveen, infra note 66, 584 U.S. at 1822 n.3.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -20-

The law is well-settled that the Federal Contract Clause limits the power of the states to modify their own contracts as well as to regulate those
between private parties, although the Federal Contract Clause operates differently on private contracts on the one hand and government contracts on the other. The Supreme Court has indicated that impairment of a states own contracts faces more
stringent examination under the Federal Contract Clause than do laws regulating contractual relationships between private parties, although private parties contracts are not subject to unlimited modification under the police power.65

The Supreme Court has recently restated and summarized its test under the Federal Contract Clause in Sveen

v. Melin:

At the same time, not all laws affecting pre-existing contracts violate the Clause. To determine when such a law crosses the
constitutional line, this Court has long applied a two-step test. The threshold issue is whether the state law has operated as a substantial impairment of a contractual relationship. In answering that question, the Court has considered the extent
to which the law undermines the contractual bargain, interferes with a partys reasonable expectations, and prevents the party from safeguarding or reinstating his rights. If such factors show a substantial impairment, the inquiry turns to the means
and ends of the legislation. In particular, the Court has asked whether the state law is drawn in an appropriate and reasonable way to advance a significant and legitimate public purpose.66

The Supreme Court has developed in modern cases a multi-part analysis confirmed in Sveen to
determine whether a particular legislative action violates the Federal Contract Clause. (Variously characterized by courts as having either two, three or four parts, we segregate the analysis for clarity herein without concern for numbering.) 
Initially, a court must determine whether state law has, in fact, substantially impaired any contract. This first inquiry itself contains three components: whether a contract exists, whether a change in state regulation impairs that contractual
relationship, and whether the impairment is substantial. As the second inquiry, if the state action constitutes a substantial impairment of the contract, a court must determine whether that impairment is nonetheless permissible as a legitimate
exercise of the states sovereign powers. Also, a claimant must show that the contractual relationship is not an invalid attempt to restrict or limit a states reserved powers. As the final inquiry, a court must determine if the impairment is upon
reasonable conditions and of a character appropriate to the public purpose justifying its adoption. Only if there is a contract, which has been substantially impaired, and there is no legitimate public purpose justifying the impairment on a reasonable
and appropriate level, is there a violation of the Federal Contract Clause. The following portions of this subpart evaluate these inquiries with respect to the Legislative Pledge and the LPSC Pledge.

65See infra notes

67, 100, 108, 109, 111, and 172. Of course, the Bonds themselves are not a debt or general obligation of the State of Louisiana or any of its political entities and are not a charge on their full faith and credit. La. R.S. 45:1271(B) and 1278. See pages 24 and 65.

66Sveen v. Melin, 138 S. Ct.
1815, 1821-22, 201 L. Ed. 2d 180 (2018) (Sveen). See infra notes 85 and 99.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -21-

The threshold inquiry is whether these Pledges constitute a contract existing between the State and the Bondholders.67 The courts have maintained the well-established presumption that, absent some clear indication that a
legislature intends to bind itself contractually, a law is not intended to create private contractual or vested rights but merely declares a policy to be pursued until the legislature shall ordain otherwise.68 This presumption is based on the fact that the legislatures principal function is not to make contracts, but to make laws that establish the policy of the state. Thus, a person asserting the creation
of a contract with the State must overcome this well-founded presumption. This same presumption is applicable to the LPSC Pledge when considered in the context of the LPSCs ratemaking actions, which are of a legislative character.69

This general presumption can be overcome where the language of the statute indicates an intention to create contractual rights. In determining whether
a contract has been created by statute, it is of first importance to examine the language of the statute.70 The courts have ruled that a statute creates a contractual
relationship between a state and private parties if the statutory language contains sufficient words of contractual undertaking. A contract is created when the language and circumstances evince a legislative intent to create private rights of a
contractual nature enforceable against the state.

67 For purposes of Federal Contract Clause analysis, the question whether a contract was
made is a federal question. General Motors Corp. v. Romein, 503 U.S. 181, 187 (1992). Clearly the Transaction includes private parties contracts between the Bondholders and the Issuer that
could be impaired, even if the Pledges themselves were found not to be contracts of the State. But while in theory an impairment of the Energy Transition Property could be successfully challenged (albeit potentially under a more difficult to overcome
standard of review, see infra note 100) even if the Pledges are not contracts binding on the State, we believe that a finding that the Pledges are not valid and binding
contractual obligations under the reserved powers doctrine likely also would be fatal to a Contract Clauses claim on the Transactions purely private contracts. See infra pages
26-27, 31-32, 39-40, and 63-69.

68National R.R. Passenger Corp. v.
Atchison, Topeka & Sante Fe Ry Co., 470 U.S. 451, 466 (1985) (National R.R.) (citation omitted); see alsoGeneral Motors Corp. v. Romein, 503 U.S. 181, 187-89 (1992).

69New Orleans Public Service, Inc. v.
Council of City of New Orleans, 491 U.S. 350, 371 (seeinfra note 136); Louisville & Nashville R.R. Co. v. Garrett, 231 U.S. 298, 305, 318 (1913) (order of railroad commission fixing rates is a law passed by the state, within the meaning of the Federal Contract
Clause); Louisiana Power & Light Co. v. LPSC, 377 So.2d 1023, 1028 (La. 1979); Louisiana Gas Service v. LPSC, 162 So.2d 555,
563 (La. 1964); United Gas Pipe Line Co. v. LPSC, 130 So.2d 652, 657 (La. 1961); see Community House, Inc. v. City of Boise, Idaho, 623 F.3d 945, 960 (9th Cir. 2010) (discussing four factors used in determining whether an act is legislative in its character and effect); cf. New Orleans Waterworks Co. v. Louisiana Sugar Ref. Co., 125 U.S. 18, 30
(1888) ([N]ot only must the obligation of a contract have been impaired, but it must have been impaired by a law of the state. The prohibition is aimed at the legislative power of the state, and not at the decisions of its courts, or the acts of
administrative or executive boards or officers, or the doings of corporations or individuals.); accordTidal Oil Co. v. Flanagan,
263 U.S. 444, 451 (1924) (emphasis deleted); supra notes 15 and 22 and infra notes 135, 172, and 179.

70Dodge v. Board of Educ., 302 U.S. 74, 78 (1937).

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -22-

In U.S. Trust, discussed in more detail below, the United States Supreme Court affirmed the
trial courts finding, which was not contested on appeal, that a statutory covenant of two states for the benefit of the holders of certain bonds gave rise to a contractual obligation between such states and the bondholders.71 The covenant at issue limited the ability of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey to subsidize rail passenger transportation from revenues and reserves pledged as security for such
bonds. In finding the existence of a contract between such states and bondholders, the Supreme Court stated [t]he intent to make a contract is clear from the statutory language: The 2 States covenant and agree with each other and with the holders of any affected bonds. . . .72 Later, in National R.R., the Supreme Court discussed the U.S.
Trust covenant and noted: [r]esort need not be had to a dictionary or case law to recognize the language of contract73 in such covenant.

National R.R. considered several factors in
determining that the legislative act at issue in that case did not create a contractual obligation with the government. That act did not speak of a contract between the government and the private party, nor did it in any respect provide for the
execution of a written contract by the government. Significantly, that act expressly reserved Congress right to repeal, alter or amend this Act at any time.74 
Finally, great weight was given to the pervasiveness of prior government regulation of this area, which absent some affirmative indication to the contrary, plus in that case coupled with [that acts] express reservation of the power to repeal,
strongly cut against finding that such act creates binding contractual rights. 75

71Infra at note 101.

72United States Trust Co. of New York v.
New Jersey, 431 U.S. 1, 18 (1977) (emphasis added). The issue of the existence of a contract between the two states and the bondholders was not disputed on appeal, but the Supreme Court expressly reviewed the language itself and the
surrounding circumstances and concluded there was no doubt the covenant was properly characterized as a contractual obligation of the two states to secure the marketability of those bonds. It could be contended that the factual situation in U.S. Trust is distinguishable from the facts involved in the issuance of the energy transition bonds. In U.S. Trust the bonds were
issued and payable by a governmental agency for its own benefit, while these Bonds are for the benefit of the private Utility (albeit for a public purpose), are not public debt, and are payable by the Utilitys ratepayers. However, the authority to
issue the energy transition bonds is completely dependent under the Securitization Act upon the LPSC issuing an order, and thus the issuance of the energy transition bonds is fully state-sanctioned in a manner closely analogous to the situation in U.S. Trust. See infra notes 242-243.

73National R.R., 470 U.S. at
470. Similarly, in Indiana ex rel. Anderson v. Brand, 303 U.S. 95, 104-05 (1938), the United States Supreme Court determined in a materially different context that the Indiana Teachers
Tenure Act created a contract between the state and specified teachers because the statutory language demonstrated a clear legislative intent to contract. The Supreme Court based its decision, in part, on the legislatures use of the word contract
throughout the statute to describe the legal relationship between the state and such teachers. See alsoElliot v. Board of Sch.
Teachers of Madison Consol. Schs., 876 F.3d 926 (7th Cir. 2017) (overturning law impairing statutory tenure entitlements).

74National R.R., 470 U.S. at
456, 467, 469.

75National R.R., 470 U.S. at 469. 
The mere use of the word contract in a statute, without more, will not necessarily evince the requisite legislative intent. As the Court cautioned in National R.R.,
the use of the word contract alone would not signify the existence of a contract with the government. Id. at 470. In National R.R., the Court found
that use of the word contract in the Rail Passenger Service Act defined only the relationship between the newly-created nongovernmental corporation (Amtrak) and the railroads, not the relationship between the United States and the railroads. The
Court determined that [l]egislation outlining the terms on which private parties may execute contracts does not on its own constitute a statutory contract. Id. at 467.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -23-

The Louisiana Supreme Court has not specifically addressed whether the Securitization Act and specifically the Legislative Pledge, or an LPSC order akin
to the Financing Order containing the LPSC Pledge, should be construed as binding contractual obligations. With respect to the Securitization Act, one negative factor is that there is no explicit contractual instrument executed by the Louisiana
Legislature or the State, and the LPSC is not a party to any contract among the Transaction Documents. But a very positive factor is that the language of the Legislative Pledge plainly manifests the Louisiana Legislatures intent to bind the State,
using similar language to the covenant considered in U.S. Trust. The Securitization Act provides that the State pledges to and agrees with bondholders. Thus the Legislative Pledge names
the beneficiaries of the intended contract (as does the LPSC Pledge). The text of the Securitization Act thus contrasts favorably with the act found wanting (as to creating a contract) in National R.R. 
The Legislative Pledge expressly includes the word pledges and agrees, and authorizes the pledge of the State to be included in the Transaction Documents. This statutory language is an offer by the State to be bound if bondholders, in purchasing
the bonds, accept its offer.76 Here the (admittedly) heavy and longstanding regulation of utilities is not coupled with and reinforced by an express reservation of the
power to repeal; instead the Legislative Pledge is an express commitment not to enact countervailing legislation. This language unambiguously demonstrates that the Legislative Pledge is intended to create a contractual relationship between the State
and the Bondholders.

With respect to the Financing Order, as quoted above,77 the LPSC Pledge
contains language even more decisively demonstrating the LPSCs intent to create a contractual relationship. Conclusions of Law Paragraph 27 of the Financing Order states that the Energy Transition Property created by the Financing Order is a vested
contract right and creates a contractual obligation of irrevocability by the LPSC in favor of financing parties. Findings of Fact Paragraph 52 and Ordering Paragraph 52 comport therewith.

76 The definition of the Legislatures term -- pledge -- is to bind by a solemn
promise. CONCISE OXFORD DICTIONARY OF CURRENT ENGLISH 914 (8th ed. 1990). Melancon, 703 F.3d at 275-77 (contrasting United States Supreme Court findings of statutory language
demonstrating an intent to extend an offer of a contractual nature); Franklin, supra note 3, 85 F. Supp. 3d 577, 604.

77Supra pages 5-7. 
Furthermore, the LPSC uses the word covenant multiple times in the quoted LPSC Pledge in the Financing Order, as did the statutory language in U.S. Trust.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -24-

The next step of the analysis is determining whether an impairment is substantial. The United States Supreme Court has provided little specific
guidance as to what constitutes a substantial contract impairment. The determination of whether a particular legislative act constitutes a substantial impairment of a particular contract is a fact-specific analysis. Nothing in this Opinion expresses
any opinion as to how a court will resolve the issue of substantial impairment with respect to a particular state (including LPSC) action of a legislative character regarding the Energy Transition Property. We have assumed for purposes of this Opinion
that any impairment resulting from the legislative action being challenged under the Federal Contract Clause would be substantial.78 The factors that contribute to that
determination are briefly reviewed as follows:

78See supra note
1. This determination likely would depend on the nature of the legislative action, particularly the extent to which it is directed at the Issuer and the obligations subject to the Legislative Pledge and the LPSC Pledge, the extent to which it is
squarely inconsistent with those pledges, and the anticipated practical effect upon performance consistent with those pledges. We note, however, that in U.S. Trust, supra note 64 and infra note 101, the United States Supreme Court found a substantial impairment where the
States of New York and New Jersey repealed outright an important security provision securing repayment of bonds without any form of compensation to the bondholders, even in the absence of a finding of the extent of financial loss suffered by the
bondholders as a result of the repeal. The effect of the repeal of the covenant limiting subsidies of mass transit was difficult to quantify because the bonds recovered much of their market price following an initial decline in value and retained an
A rating. 431 U.S. 1, 18-19 (1977). See infra notes 102-103 See also Home Bldg. & Loan Assn v. Blaisdell, 290 U.S. 398, 429-35 (1934). Soon after U.S. Trust was decided, the New York Court of Appeals relied upon the
decision to apply the Contract Clause to invalidate a state statute revoking an authorized toll increase and imposing a new restrictive procedure for toll increases because New York had enacted a statutory pledge not to interfere with authorized toll
increases and not to limit or alter the rights vested in the authority to the detriment of bondholders. Patterson v. Carey, 363 N.E. 2d 1146, 1152-53 (1977). In Patterson, the tolls were the sole source of revenue for repayment of the bonds issued to finance the highway, similar to the Energy Transition Charges role in repayment of the Bonds. Id. at 1150-51. In Board of Commrs v. Department of Natural Resources, 496 So.2d 281, 294-95 (La. 1986), the Louisiana Supreme Court found a
state law did not operate as a substantial impairment of government bonds where there was no modification of a contractual right, a remedy or a security device, no showing of any danger of a default upon the bonds, no decline in the value of the bonds
in the market, and no showing that the legislative act took from the bonds the quality of an acceptable investment for a rational investor. In State ex rel. Porterie v. Walmsley, 162 So. 826
(La. 1935), the Louisiana Supreme Court also found a statute changing the membership of a board did not impair the contract rights of bondholders because the statute did not disturb the mode of payment of both principal and interest on bonds issued by
that board and thus did not impair the means, which at the time of their creation, the law afforded for their enforcement. Cf. Baptiste

v. Kennealy, 490 F. Supp. 3d 353 (D. Mass. 2020) (not possible to determine conclusively the extent of the impairment because not clear when the COVID-19 temporary
moratorium on residential evictions will end).

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -25-

In determining whether an impairment is substantial, the United States Supreme Court has looked to several objective factors. Sveen summarized that in answering that question, the [Supreme] Court has considered the extent to which the law undermines the contractual bargain, interferes with a partys reasonable
expectations, and prevents the party from safeguarding or reinstating his rights.79 Of greatest concern appears to be the contracting parties actual reliance on the
abridged contractual term.80 Specifically, the Supreme Court has examined contracts to determine whether the abridged right is one that was reasonably relied on by the
complaining party, or one that substantially induced that party to enter into the contract. When assessing the presence of the requisite reliance, the Supreme Court has looked to objective evidence of reliance. For example, the Supreme Court has
examined the terms of the original contract to determine whether the contract either explicitly or implicitly indicated that the abridged term was subject to impairment by the legislature. The Supreme Court has also directed that in assessing the
parties expectations, and in so determining the extent of the impairment, it must be considered whether the industry the complaining party has entered has been regulated in the past. Pervasiveness of prior regulation suggests that absent some affirmative indication to the contrary the complaining party had no legitimate expectation that regulation would cease.81 Finally, in determining the parties reliance, the cases have focused on the character of the abridged right whether it was by its nature the central undertaking or primary consideration of the
parties.82 The Supreme Court has also examined how a contract has been changed, i.e., whether a covenant was abolished or merely modified. The Supreme Court has also
directed that, in determining whether there has been a substantial impairment, a court should determine whether the abridged right was replaced by an arguably comparable security provision.83

Assuming the impairment is substantial, the next inquiry is whether state action nonetheless is permissible. The reserved powers doctrine limits a
states ability to bind itself contractually in a manner that surrenders an essential attribute of its sovereignty. Under this doctrine, if a contract limits a states reserved powers powers that cannot be contracted away such contract is void. 
That is, even if Louisiana intended to be contractually bound, it must be within the states power to create that contractual obligation. It is established that a state cannot contract away its police powers, and regulation of utilities is one of the
police powers of the state. The possible application of this doctrine to the Transaction is discussed in detail below.84

79Sveen, 138 S. Ct. at 1822
(citations omitted). Sveen stopped its analysis at step one because it found the statute at issue did not substantially impair pre-existing contractual arrangements. Not every statute
which affects the value of a contract impair[s] its obligation. Id. at 1824 (citation omitted).

80City of Charleston v. Public Service
Commission of West Virginia, 57 F.3d 385, 392 (4th Cir. 1995). SeeSveen, 138 S. Ct. at 1823 (insured
cannot reasonably rely on a beneficiary designation remaining in place after a divorce). Compare supra note 33 (reasonable reliance in Federal Takings Clause cases).

81American Express Travel Related
Services Inc. v. Sidomen-Eristoff, 669 F.3d 359, 369 (3d Cir. 2012); seeLipscomb v. Columbus Municipal Separate
School District, 269 F.3d 494, 510 (5th Cir. 2001); see alsoVeix v. Sixth Ward Bldg & Loan Assn,
310 U.S. 32 (1940) (relying on fact that savings and loan associations had been subject to continuous statutory regulation from the outset of the industry); infra note 96; c.f. supra note 33 and infra notes 80 and 116.

82City of Charleston, supra note 80, at 392-94.

83United States Trust Co. of New York v.
New Jersey, 431 U.S. 1, 19 (1977); supra note 64 and infra note 101. See alsoCity of Shreveport v. Cole, 129 U.S. 36, 9 S. Ct. 210, 2 L. Ed. 589 (1889); Ralls County Court v. United States, 105 U.S. 733, 26 L. Ed. 1220 (1881).

84See infra pages
39-40 and pages 63-69.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -26-

Assuming that a reviewing court does not allow a substantial impairment by the State of contractual rights under the Pledges under the reserved powers
doctrine (by means of the court voiding the Pledges under that doctrine), then the substantial impairment must be justified by the State as a legitimate exercise of the States police powers in order to be successfully defended against a challenge
pursuant to the Federal Contract Clause. The United States Supreme Courts test is whether the state law is drawn in an appropriate and reasonable way to advance a significant and legitimate public purpose, such that the legislations adjustment of
the rights and responsibilities of the contracting parties is based upon reasonable conditions and is of a character appropriate to the public purpose justifying the legislations adoption.85 In Blaisdell, referred to by the United States Supreme Court in U.S. Trust as the leading case
in the modern era of [Federal] Contract Clause interpretation,86 the closely divided Supreme Court found that the economic exigencies of the time (the Great Depression)
justified a Minnesota law which (i) authorized county courts to extend the period of redemption from foreclosure sales on mortgages previously made for such additional time as the court may deem to be just and equitable, subject to certain
limitations, and (ii) limited actions for deficiency judgments.87 The Supreme Court stated that the reserved powers doctrine could not be construed to permit the state
to adopt as its policy the repudiation of debts or the destruction of contracts or the denial of means to enforce them. On the other hand, the Supreme Court also indicated that the Federal Contract Clause could not be construed:

to prevent limited and temporary interpositions with respect to the enforcement of contracts if made necessary by a great public
calamity such as fire, flood, or earthquake. The reservation of state power appropriate to such extraordinary conditions may be deemed to be as much a part of all contracts as is the reservation of state power to protect the public interest in other
situations to which we have referred. And, if state power exists to give temporary relief from the enforcement of contracts in the presence of disasters due to physical causes such as fire, flood, or earthquake, that power cannot be said to be
nonexistent when the urgent public need demanding such relief is produced by other and economic causes.88

In upholding the Minnesota law, the Supreme Court relied on the following: (1) the state legislature declared that an economic emergency existed which
threatened the loss of homes and lands which furnish those persons in possession with necessary shelter and means of subsistence; (2) the law was not enacted for the benefit of a favored group but for the protection of a basic interest of society; (3)
the relief provided by the law was appropriately tailored to the emergency; (4) the conditions on which the period of redemption was extended by the law were reasonable; and (5) the law was temporary in operation and limited to the duration of the
emergency on which it was based.89Subsequently, the Supreme Court stated in its Energy Reserves90opinion that a
significant and legitimate public purpose is required to justify a substantial impairment of contract. Similarly, the Supreme Court had earlier stated that, to be justifiable, an impairment must deal with a broad, generalized economic or social
problem.91

85Sveen, 138 S. Ct. at 1822; Allied Structural Steel Co. v. Spannaus, 438 U.S. 234, 244; U.S. Trust, 431 U.S. at 22; see supra note 66 and infra note 99. In Melendez v. City of New York, 16 F.4th 992,
1031 n.62 (2d Cir. 10/28/2021), the court noted that the opinions in U.S. Trust and Energy Reserves, infra note 90, both appear to use appropriate and necessary interchangeably to identify the relevant standard of review, and thus assumed Sveen
did not pronounce any different standard of review by using appropriate from that identified in U.S. Trust and Allied Structural.

86Home Bldg & Loan Assn v. Blaisdell,
290 U.S. 398 (1934) (citations omitted) (Blaisdell). U.S. Trust, 431 U.S. at 15; see alsoHAPCO v. City of Philadelphia, 482 F. Supp. 3d 337, 350 (E.D. Pa. 2020) (continuing to so refer to Blaisdell).

87 The mortgagor was required to continue to pay the reasonable income or rental value of
the property, as determined by the court, toward payment of taxes, insurance, interest and principal. The law stated that it was to remain in effect only during the current emergency and no later than May 1, 1935; no redemption period could be
extended beyond the expiration of the law. Blaisdell, 290 U.S. at 415-18.

88Blaisdell, 290 U.S. at
439-40.

89Allied Structural Steel Co. v. Spannaus,
438 U.S. 234, 242 (1978); Blaisdell, 290 U.S. at 444-45; Melendez v. City of New York, 16 F.4th 992, 1023-24, 1038-40 (2d Cir.
10/28/2021) (Melendez) (challenged law not temporary).

90Energy Reserves Group, Inc. v. Kansas
Power & Light Co., 459 U.S. 400 (1983) (Energy Reserves); see infra note 235.

91Allied Structural Steel Co. v. Spannaus,
438 U.S. 234, 250 (1978). CompareHeights Apartments, LLC v. Walz, 30 F.4th 720, 729 n.8 (8th Cir. 04/05/2021), rehearing en banc denied, 2022 U.S. App. LEXIS 16863 (reversing dismissal of Contract Clause challenge to eviction moratorium executive orders response to COVID-19 pandemic; finding
Ninth Circuits decision in Apt. Assn of L.A. County unpersuasive) andMelendez, supra note 89, 16 F.4th at 1040 n.70 (2d Cir. 10/28/2021) (reversing dismissal of Contract Clause challenge to lease guaranty relief law
response to COVID-19 pandemic), withApt. Assn of L.A. County v. City of Los Angeles, 10 F.4th 905 (9th Cir.
8/25/2021) (Los Angeles), cert. denied, 142 S. Ct. 1699 (2022) (upholding district court
ruling that plaintiff had not shown the required likelihood of success on the merits to obtain a preliminary injunction because eviction moratorium is likely a reasonable response to the problems identified by local officials in COVID-19 pandemic). See also discussion infra at note 235.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -27-

To evaluate the public purpose necessitating the impairment, the context in which the law is enacted is considered. In Blaisdell, the Supreme Court held that the state legislation was justified as a response to the quintessential economic emergency, the Great Depression.92 By contrast, in Allied Structural,93 the Supreme Court held that general concern about pensions was not by itself a sufficient emergency; nor had the government declared an official emergency.94 Finally, in Energy Reserves, the Supreme Court considered that the Kansas statute at issue had been enacted to protect consumers from the escalation of
natural gas prices caused by recent deregulation.95 Judgment of this factors application to hypothetical action by the Louisiana Legislature or the LPSC of a legislative
character is impossible without knowledge of the context in which that legislation or supplemental order is adopted; in any event, a more urgent context likely would receive greater deference from the courts than would a non-emergency.96

92Blaisdell, 290 U.S. at 444. 
CompareCampanelli v. Allstate Life Ins. Co., 322 F.3d 1086, 1099 (9th Cir. 2003) (holding in the wake of the
Northridge Earthquake that [p]rotecting the rights of victims was a significant and legitimate public purpose); Vesta Fire Ins. Corp. v. Florida, 141 F.3d 1427, 1434 (11th Cir. 1998)
(holding in the wake of Hurricane Andrew that protection and stabilization of the Florida economy, particularly the real estate market, was a significant and legitimate public purpose), abrogated on other grounds by South Grande View Dev. Co. v. City of Alabaster, Alabama, 1 F.4th 1299, 1310-12 (11th Cir. 2021); State v. All Prop. & Cas. Ins. Carriers Authorized & Licensed To Do Bus. In State, 937 So.2d 313, 326 (La. 2006) (holding in the wake of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita that legislative extension of the prescriptive period
for damage claims is based upon a significant and legitimate public purpose) (see infra note 125); cfWelch v. Brown 551 F. Appx 804, 811 (6th Cir. 2014) (agreeing with cases that addressing a fiscal emergency is a legitimate public purpose). See also discussion infra at note 235. In several cases contemporaneous with Blaisdell,
the United States Supreme Court struck down other laws lacking one or more of Blaisdells five factors passed in response to the economic emergency created by the Great Depression, thus
reinforcing the notion that, to be justified, the impairment must be the result of a reasonable, necessary and tailored response to a broad and significant public concern, and that an evident and more moderate course would not serve the governments
purposes equally well. See Treigle v. Acme Homestead Assn, 297 U.S. 189 (1936); W. B. Worthen Co. v. Kavanaugh, 295 U.S. 56
(1935); W. B. Worthen Co. v. Thomas, 292 U.S. 42 (1934); see alsoBaptiste

v. Kennealy, 490 F. Supp. 3d 353 (D. Mass. 2020), supra note 78 (denying a preliminary injunction, finding that plaintiffs were unlikely to prove that a temporary
moratorium on residential evictions was not a reasonable and appropriate response to significant and legitimate public purpose of the growing threat of COVID-19 pandemic), and supra
notes 235-236. The tailoring of the response must be reasonable, not necessarily narrow. Heights Apartments, LLC v. Walz, 30 F.4th 720, 731 (8th Cir. 04/05/2022).

93Allied Structural Steel Co. v. Spannaus,
438 U.S. 234 (1978) (Allied Structural).

94 Id. at
249.

95Energy Reserves, 459 U.S. at
416-17. The United States Supreme Court has upheld state statutes which were aimed at protecting the public at large: protecting homeowners from loss of their homes via foreclosure, Blaisdell;
providing for the general welfare of citizens by the reclamation of overflowed infertile lands and the erection of dams, levees and dikes for that purpose, Manigault v. Springs, 199 U.S. 473
(1905); preserving fresh water, Hudson Valley Water Company v. McCarter, 209 U.S. 349 (1908); protecting employee pensioners, Allied
Structural; and protecting insurance policyholders, Sveen.

96 Emergency does not create power and does not increase granted power, but mitigation of
economic emergencies is recognized in controlling precedent as a public purpose that can support contract impairment. Melendez, 16 F.4th at 1022-23, 1036-37. Nonetheless it is clear that
the United States Supreme Court has flatly rejected the argument that such public purpose need be addressed only to an emergency or temporary situation. Energy Reserves, 459 U.S. at 412
(Furthermore, since [Blaisdell], the Court has indicated that the public purpose need not be addressed to an emergency or temporary situation.); Borman, LLC v. 18718 Borman LLC, 777 F.3d 816, 825 (6th Cir. 2015); Los Angeles, 10 F.4th at 916; see

supra note 63. Decisions after Blaisdell affirmed state legislation of a non-emergency nature modifying private contractual rights based upon proof of a public purpose and the
legislative amendment being responsive to that purpose, but on occasion struck down as unconstitutional state laws with a disproportionate adverse effect on creditors. Veix v. Sixth Ward Bldg. &
Loan Assn, supra note 81, is notable because it upheld a non-emergency statutory revision of the right to redeem savings and loan ownership shares. 310 U.S. 32
(1940). The Court relied upon older authority, which affirmed statutes providing for modification of utility contract rates, and the fact that savings and loan associations had been subject to continuous statutory regulation from the outset of the
industry, indicating a heightened role for legislative action and a lower expectation of absolute freedom of contract. None of these decisions addressed an express covenant with the state itself such as is presented by the Pledges. See infra discussion at note 235.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -28-

The United States Supreme Court has also noted, on the question of justification, whether the challenged law was passed to protect broad societal
interests or merely to benefit some to the detriment of others. In Blaisdell, the Supreme Court approved a law treating all debtors and creditors alike. The statute had not been passed for
the mere advantage of particular individuals but for the protection of a basic interest of society.97 This conclusionary statement, however, was not explained in the
opinion. Again by contrast, in Allied Structural the Supreme Court criticized a law that affected only some employers (those closing offices in Minnesota) and that took aim only at those
who had in the past been sufficiently enlightened as voluntarily to agree to establish pension plans for their employees.98

An important factor is whether the contracts impaired have only private parties or whether the state is a party too. In cases of regulation that
concern only private contracts, the courts, when considering the reasonableness of the measures taken to effect the public purpose, will defer to legislative judgment as to the necessity and reasonableness of a particular measure.99 However,a different rule perhaps100applies when the state itself is a party to the contract, as
reflected in the analysis adopted in United States Trust Co. of New York v. New Jersey.101 In U.S. Trust, the states of New York and New Jersey, to entice investors to purchase bonds issued by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, entered into a statutory covenant which provided
that the states covenant and agree with the bondholders that certain rents and fees collected by the Port Authority would be used only for limited purposes; in essence, these states pledged that a particular revenue stream would provide security for
repayment of the bonds.102 This security provision limited the Port Authoritys deficits (including deficits for passenger railroad mass transit subsidies), and thus
protected its general reserve fund (which was pledged to secure its bonds) from depletion. Subsequently, however, New Jersey repealed that statutory covenant, justifying the repeal by the purported need to finance new mass transit projects in order to
promote and encourage use of public transportation in light of energy shortages and environmental concerns. The Port Authority accordingly diverted the previously dedicated revenues to other purposes.103

97Blaisdell, 290 U.S. at 445.

98Allied Structural, 438 U.S.
at 250. The United States Supreme Court later emphasized its recognition that the invalidated law may even have been directed at only one particular employer. Energy Reserves, 459 U.S. at
412 n.13. See alsoUnited Healthcare Ins. Co. v. Davis, 602 F.3d 618, 631 (5th Cir. (La.) 2010) (holding Louisiana
statute invalid under the Federal Contract Clause as economic protectionism; statute narrowly focused on benefitting specific in-state company and was not a broad exercise of the States police power). Compare, e.g.,Los Angeles, 10 F.4th at 914 (eviction moratoriums elements are reasonable attempts to address COVID-19 pandemic broadly).

99Energy Reserves, 459 U.S. at
413 (internal quotation marks and citation omitted). See supra notes 66 and 85.

100National R.R., 470 U.S. at
471 n.24 (emphasis added); see supra notes 65 and 67 and infra notes 108, 109, 111, 131, 172, and 194.

101United States Trust Co. of New York v.
New Jersey, 431 U.S. 1 (1977) (U.S. Trust); supra notes 64, 71-72 and 83.

102U.S. Trust, 431 U.S. at
9-12. See supra note 78.

103Id. at
12-14.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -29-

The United States Supreme Court found that this action impaired the bondholders contract with the Port Authority and the pledge given by New Jersey and
New York. In so concluding, the Court first noted that all Federal Contract Clause cases, as a matter of principle, require the courts to reconcile the strictures of the [Federal] Contract Clause with the essential attributes of sovereign power
necessarily reserved by the States to safeguard the welfare of their citizens.104 However, when a state impairs its own obligations, the focus of this analysis shifts:

The initial inquiry concerns the ability of the State to enter into an agreement that limits its power to act in the future. As
early as Fletcher v. Peck, the Court considered the argument that one legislature cannot abridge the powers of a succeeding legislature. It is often stated that the legislature cannot bargain away the police power of a State. This doctrine
requires a determination of the States power to create irrevocable contract rights in the first place, rather than an inquiry into the purpose or reasonableness of the subsequent impairment. In short, the [Federal] Contract Clause does not require a
State to adhere to a contract that surrenders an essential attribute of its sovereignty.105

Considering the pledge of New York and New Jersey, the Supreme Court found that this pledge was a purely financial obligation, and thus comprised an enforceable obligation
that could be protected under the Federal Contract Clause.106 In so holding, the Supreme Court distinguished situations in which a promise or obligation of the state
would require an abridgement of the police power: For example, a revenue bond might be secured by the States promise to continue operating the facility in question; yet such a promise surely could not validly be construed to bind the State never to
close the facility for health or safety reasons.107

104Id. at
21 (internal quotation marks and citations omitted).

105Id. at
23 (citations omitted); see pages 39-40 and pages 63-69.

106U.S. Trust, 431 U.S. at
24-25 (Whatever the propriety of a States binding itself to a future course of conduct in other contexts, the power to enter into effective financial contracts cannot be questioned.).

107U.S. Trust, 431 U.S. at 25.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -30-

After concluding that enforcing the pledge of New York and New Jersey would not abridge those states police power, the Supreme Court then proceeded to
consider whether the impairment of the bonds resulting from the states action was nonetheless reasonable and necessary to serve a public purpose. The Supreme Court noted, however, that contrary to situations where only private contracts are
concerned, complete deference to a legislative assessment of reasonableness and necessity is not appropriate because the States self-interest is at stake.108The Supreme Court then conducted its own review of the public purposes underlying the repeal of the pledge, and found that repeal of the pledge was neither necessary to
the achievement of those purposes nor reasonable in light of the circumstances.109 The Supreme Court specifically noted that a State is not free to impose a drastic
impairment when an evident and more moderate course would serve its purposes equally well.110

108Id. at
26. See infra note 111. See discussion of the general principle of U.S. Trust and Allied Structural as applicable to private, as well as public, contracts in Melendez,
16 F.4th at 1018 n.43, 1021 n.46, and 1027-29.

109U.S. Trust, 431 U.S. at
29-31. The Supreme Court noted that although when the bills to repeal the covenant were pending a national energy crisis was developing, the need for mass transportation was not a new development and the likelihood that publicly owned commuter
railroads would produce substantial deficits was well known when the covenant was adopted. Id. at 13-14, 31-32. An impairment is not a reasonable one if the problem sought to
be resolved by the impairment of the contract existed at the time the contractual obligation was incurred. Univ. of Hawaii Profl Assembly v. Cayetano, 183 F.3d 1096, 1107 (9th Cir. 1999). 
CompareFaitoute Iron & Steel Co. v. City of Ashbury Park, 316 U.S. 502 (1942) (In the context of a municipal
insolvency during the Great Depression, a state has the right to use its police power to create a reasonable process for the payment of unsecured municipal debts, and as part of the exercise
of that power, a state can modify the term for the payment of those debts without violating constitutional prohibition against contract impairment). In U.S. Trust, the Supreme Court noted
that the only time in this century that alteration of a municipal bond contract has been sustained by this Court was in Faitoute Iron. U.S.

Trust, 431 U.S. at 27. In Energy Reserves, the Supreme Court noted that in almost every case the Supreme Court has held a governmental unit to its contractual obligation
when it enters financial or other markets. Energy Reserves, 459 U.S. at 412, n.14.

110U.S. Trust, 431 U.S. at 31.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -31-

Both the Energy Reserves and Allied
Structural decisions expressly indicate that when a state is a contracting party the stricter standard of justification set forth in the U.S. Trust opinion should be
applicable.111 Furthermore, the United States Supreme Courts opinion in United States v. Winstar Corp,112even though not a Federal Contract Clause case, is consistent with U.S. Trust in imposing a more rigorous standard of justification where the government is a contracting party. One issue in Winstar was
whether the contract claim was barred by the sovereign acts doctrine, i.e., the governments public and general acts cannot amount to a breach of contract. Although the
legislation alleged to constitute a contractual breach had as its purposes preventing the collapse of the [thrift] industry, attacking the root causes of the crisis, and restoring public confidence,113 the Supreme Court held a sovereign acts defense was unavailable: [w]hile our limited inquiry into the background and evolution of the thrift crisis leaves us with the understanding that Congress acted to protect
the public in the FIRREA legislation, the extent to which this reform relieved the Government of its own contractual obligations precludes a finding that the statute is a public and general act for purposes of the sovereign acts defense.114

To recapitulate, whether or not a state is a party to the contract at issue, the critical determination of whether an impairment occurs involves a
courts evaluation of the parties expectations and actual reliance on the abridged contractual term. In making that determination, the Supreme Court has looked to several objective factors. In determining the parties reliance, elimination of
escalator clauses in natural gas contracts, lowering the interest rate and delaying the maturity date in bond contracts, and elimination of the unlimited right to reinstate ownership of land after default, each has been held not to constitute
substantial impairment of contract rights, in part because the rights abridged were not in their nature essential to the underlying contract and thus fundamental to a partys reliance. In contrast, statutes causing a fundamental change in a pension
contract, repealing a statutory covenant the purpose of which was to invoke the constitutional protection of the [Federal] Contract Clause as security against repeal, and unilaterally modifying a contract right upon which the parties especially
relied, i.e., the right to compensation at the contractually specified level in a public employment contract, have been held substantial impairments because the rights impaired by subsequent legislation were important, basic, and central to the
underlying contract.115While a determination of impairment will be a fact intensive
inquiry, a critical component will be the Bondholders ability to submit convincing evidence that they were in fact substantially induced to purchase the Bonds on the basis of the rights set forth in the Pledges.116

111Energy Reserves, 459 U.S. at
412, 413 n.14; Allied Structural, 438 U.S. at 244 n.15; supra notes 65, 67, 100, 108, and 109 and infra notes 131, 172, and 194; United Steel Paper & Forestry Rubber Mfg. v. Virgin Islands, 842 F.3d 201, 212 (3d Cir.
2016) (when a State is a contracting party, its legislative judgment is subject to stricter scrutiny than when the legislation affects only private contracts) (citation omitted); United Auto.,
Aerospace, Agricultural Implement Workers of Am. Intl Union v. Fortuo, 633 F.3d 37, 43 (1st Cir. 2011); United Healthcare Ins. Co. v. Davis, 602 F.3d 618, 627 at n.6 (5th
Cir. (La.) 2010). CompareBuffalo Teachers Federation v. Tobe, 464 F.3d 362, 369-71 (2d Cir. 2006) (expressly not
deciding whether the higher standard is warranted when a subsidiary of the state rather than the state itself is the contract counterparty, and noting that this so-called stricter or heightened scrutiny is not as exacting as that commonly understood
as strict scrutiny; the court held it was not necessary to determine what level of deference to apply because the challenged action was reasonable and necessary even under the less deferential standard). Compare note 131. But see supra notes 65 and 100, noting that in the later case of National R.R.
the Supreme Court concluded that no alleged impairment by the Government of its own contract existed and therefore there was no need to consider whether an allegation of a
government breach of its own contract warrants application of a more rigorous standard of review, and suggested only that the Governments impairment of its own obligations perhaps
should be treated differently. 470 U.S. at 471 and n.24 (emphasis added); see also infra notes 172 and 194 and the dissent in U.S.

Trust, which noted the absence of prior authority adopting this rational. U.S. Trust, 431 U.S. at 59 (Brennan, J., dissenting); accord JAMES W. ELY, JR., THE CONTRACT CLAUSE, A CONSTITUTIONAL HISTORY 7-29 (page 222), University Press of Kansas 2016.

112 518 U.S. 839 (1996). (Winstar).

113Id. at
856.

114Id. at
903.

115City of Charleston, 57 F.3d
at 392-393 (citations omitted). AccordBellSouth Telecommunications, LLC v. City of New Orleans, 31 F. Supp. 3d 819
(E.D. La. 2014) (the City has no authority to unilaterally increase amount utility owes under irrevocable franchise contract for the use of rights-of-way).

116 In discussing the earlier case of El
Paso v. Simmons, 379 U.S. 497 (1965), which held that a law shortening the time within which a defaulted land claim could be reinstated did not violate the Federal Contract Clause, the Allied

Structural opinion highlighted that the basis for the El Paso holding was the United States Supreme Courts quoted conclusion that [w]e do not believe that it can seriously be
contended that the buyer was substantially induced to enter into these contracts on the basis of the altered law. 438 U.S. at 244 n.14. In Board of Commrs v. Department of Natural Resources,
496 So.2d 281, 294 (La. 1986), the Louisiana Supreme Court doubted the right of a successor bondholder, who purchased the bonds after and with full knowledge of the allegedly impairing legislative enactment, to have a cause of action for impairment. See supra notes 33, 78, 80, and 82.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -32-

Louisiana Contract Clause

The Louisiana Contract Clause provides that: No . . . law impairing the obligation of contracts shall be enacted.117 The Louisiana Supreme Court has described this constitutional provision as virtually identical and substantially
equivalent to the Federal Contract Clause.118 Thus the Federal Contract Clause and the
Louisiana Contract Clause are essentially equal, and neither represents a more significant limitation than the other. Although the language of the Louisiana Contract Clause is facially absolute, as with the Federal Contract Clause, its prohibition
must be accommodated to the inherent police power of the state to safeguard the vital interests of its people.119 The Louisiana Supreme Court has detailed as the
appropriate [Louisiana] Contract Clause standard the multiple-step analysis as enunciated by the Supreme Court in Energy Reserves, and discussed in detail above:120

117 La. Const. Art. I, Sec. 23.

118Smith v. Board of Trustees,
851 So.2d 1100, 1108 (La. 2003); Concerned Citizens of Eastover, LLC v. Eastover Neighborhood Improvement and Security District, 214 So.3d 156, 161 (La. App. 4th Cir. 2017) (Eastover), writ denied, 220 So.3d 754 (La. 2017); Morial v. Smith & Wesson Corp., 785 So.2d 1, 12 (La. 2001) (Morial); Segura v. Frank,
630 So.2d 714, 728 (La. 1994) (Segura); see Insurance

Carriers infra note 125; see, e.g.Metropolitan

Life Ins. Co. v. Morris, 159 So. 388 (La. 1935) (applying Blaisdell to uphold a Louisiana mortgage moratorium law).

119Segura, 630 So.2d at 728; accord Higginbotham v. City of Baton Rouge, 183 So. 168, 171 (La. 1938); Eastover,
214 So.3d at 161; see supra note 63.

120Supra pages 21
and 25-27.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -33-

Under this four-step analysis, the court must determine whether the state law has, in fact, impaired a
contractual relationship. The party complaining of unconstitutionality has the burden of demonstrating, first, that the statute alters contractual rights or obligations. Second, if an impairment is found, the court must determine whether the impairment
is of constitutional dimension. Third, if the state regulation constitutes a substantial impairment, the court must determine whether a significant and legitimate public purpose justifies the regulation. Fourth, if a significant and legitimate public
purpose exists, the court must determine whether the adjustment of the rights and responsibilities of the contracting parties is based upon reasonable conditions and is of a character appropriate to the public purpose justifying the legislation's
adoption.121

It is a fundamental principle that laws existing at the time a contract is entered into are incorporated into and form a part of the contract as though
expressly written therein. It is also well established that the value of a contract cannot be diminished by subsequent legislation.122 The repeal of legislation by
subsequent legislation is unconstitutional if it impairs the enforcement of the obligations of contracts.123 An obligation of contract is impaired in a constitutional
sense if the means by which a contract at the time of its execution could be enforced, that is, by which the parties could be obliged to perform it, are rendered less efficacious by legislation operating directly upon those means.124

The Louisiana Supreme Court has evaluated two Louisiana legislative acts under the Federal and Louisiana Contract Clauses in the context of governmental
responses to major hurricanes. In State of Louisiana v. All Property and Casualty Insurance Carriers Authorized and Licensed to do Business in the State of Louisiana,125 the Louisiana Supreme Court exercised its supervisory authority in an expedited manner to find the two 2006 Louisiana legislative acts at issue constitutional. In
response to Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, the Louisiana Legislature enacted two statutes which extended the prescriptive period (statute of limitations) within which Louisiana citizens could file certain claims under their insurance policies for losses
occasioned by those hurricanes from one year to (essentially) two years, i.e., a one-year extension. The Louisiana Attorney General filed suit seeking a declaratory judgment as to the constitutionality of the legislative acts. The trial court
rejected the insurance company defendants arguments asserting violations of the Federal and Louisiana Contract Clauses.126The question at issue was whether the two acts altering the contractual provisions of insurance policies regarding the time period in which to bring a claim were constitutional. The Louisiana Supreme
Court held that no unconstitutional impairment had occurred.

121Eastover, 214 So.3d at 162.

122Von Hoffman v. City of Quincy,
71 U.S. 535, 550 (1866); DAntonio v. Board of Levee Commissioners of the Orleans Levee District, 80 So.2d 81, 83 (La. 1955).

123Ranger v. the City of New Orleans, 

34 La. Ann. 1149 (1882); seeState ex rel. Portierie v. Walmsley, 162 So. 826 (La. 1935).

124Wolff v. New Orleans, 103
U.S. 358, 365, 367 (1880).

125 2006-CD-2030, 937 So.2d 313 (La. 2006) (Insurance Carriers).

126 The defendants other arguments, regarding standing, procedural due process, and federal
supremacy clause preemption as it relates to federal flood insurance, were all rejected as well.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -34-

The Louisiana Supreme Court first stated that the Louisiana Contract Clause and the Federal Contract Clause are virtually identical and substantially
equivalent. The Louisiana Supreme Court then noted that under the pertinent United States Supreme Court jurisprudence, the prohibitions in the Contract Clauses remain subject to the inherent police power of the state. The Louisiana Supreme Court then
reiterated that the appropriate analysis under both the Federal Contract Clause and the Louisiana Contract Clause is the four-step analysis enunciated in Energy Reserves:

first, the court must determine whether the state law would, in fact, impair a contractual relationship; second, if an impairment is
found, the court must determine whether the impairment is of a constitutional dimension; third, if the state regulation constitutes a substantial impairment, the court must determine whether a significant and legitimate public purpose justifies the
regulation; finally, if a significant and legitimate public purpose exists, the court must determine whether the adjustment of the rights and responsibilities of the contracting parties is based upon reasonable conditions and is of a character
appropriate to the public purpose justifying the legislations adoption.127

127Insurance Carriers, 937 So.2d
at 324, quoting Segura, 630 So.2d at 729; Energy Reserves, 459 U.S. at 410-413. As noted above, supra page 21, the courts are inconsistent as to whether the test has two factors, three factors (with subparts) or four factors. See
Mary Garvey Algero, Will A Decision That Has the Potential to Do so Much Good for the People of Louisiana Set a Harmful Precedent, 53 Loy. L.Rev. 47, 60 (2007). Cf. supra note 85.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -35-

Regarding the first inquiry, the Louisiana Supreme Court readily held that the extension of the prescriptive period would, in fact, constitute an
impairment of the contractual relationship between the defendant insurers and their policyholders. Next, the Louisiana Supreme Court provided some analysis of the question as to whether the impairment is one of constitutional dimension. The Louisiana
Supreme Courts analysis was first to determine the severity of the impairment, which in turn was measured by determining the extent to which the insurers contractual expectations would be frustrated by the operation of the two legislative acts. The
Louisiana Supreme Court noted that a contractual impairment may be substantial under Energy Reserves, even if the impairment does not rise to the level of total destruction of contractual
expectations. On the other hand, it also emphasized several times the relevance of whether the industry the complaining party has entered has been regulated in the past. Nonetheless, even noting that the Louisiana insurance industry is pervasively
regulated, the Louisiana Supreme Court found that the contractual obligations of the defendant insurers were more than minimally altered and thus the impairments were of a constitutional dimension. However, we also find that the impairments
constitute considerably less than total destruction of the insurers contractual expectations. Consequently, when we inquire into the public purpose underlying the legislation, we will give considerable deference to the legislatures judgment.128

Under the third inquiry, the Louisiana Supreme Court easily found this legislative extension of the prescriptive period for damage claims to be based
upon a significant and legitimate public purpose, in response to one of the worst natural disasters to ever occur in the United States. It reiterated that:

the public purpose requirement is primarily designated to prevent a state from embarking on a policy motivated by a simple desire to
escape its financial obligations or to injure others through the repudiation of debts or the destruction of contracts of [sic] [or] the denial of needs to enforce them.129

128Insurance Carriers, 937
So.2d at 325. See infra note 194. This deference to the Louisiana Legislatures judgment by the Louisiana Supreme Court is well-established in Louisiana jurisprudence. A
recent example is Bienvenu v. Defendant 1 and Defendant 2, 2023-CC-01194 (La. 06/12/2024) (on rehearing), 386 So.3d 280. The Louisiana Supreme Court upheld a legislative act against a
substantive due process challenge. The Louisiana Legislature revived previously prescribed causes of action (barred by liberative prescription, the civil law equivalent to statutes of limitation) for sexual abuse of minors, giving this law retroactive
effect. The Louisiana Supreme Court acknowledged that the defendants right to claim this acquired defense is a substantive and vested property right protected by due process guarantees. The essence of substantive due process is protection from
arbitrary and unreasonable government action, and where legislation involves social or economic regulation it need only have a rational relationship to a legitimate government interest to survive substantive due process scrutiny. The challenged
legislation is social welfare legislation and thus the applicable due process test is whether the legislation is reasonable in relation to the goal to be obtained and is adopted in the interest of the community as a whole. Bienvenu, 386 So.3d at 290-91. The Louisiana Supreme Court concluded that the revival provision is rationally related to a legitimate government interest. Importantly, the Louisiana Supreme Court stated that [i]t
is uniquely the role of the legislature to weigh the myriad policy considerations and [t]his courts role is not to reweigh the legislatures policy decision. Bienvenu, 386 So.3d at 291. 
The opinion noted that the property right at issue is only an economic interest that does not implicate fundamental rights. The opinion quoted approvingly prior jurisprudence discussing that the police power of the state supports laws even though
their effect is to strike down private contracts if for adequate reasons. Bienvenu, 386 So.3d at 290. Significantly, the opinion discussed with approval Insurance Carriers, which rejected both a contract clause challenge and a due process challenge because the economic legislation at issue had a legitimate legislature purpose furthered by rational means. Bienvenu, 386 So.3d at 289, n.9.

129Insurance Carriers, 937
So.2d at 325, citing Segura, 630 So.2d at 731, citing Blaisdell.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -36-

In the critical fourth inquiry, the Louisiana Supreme Court concluded that the Louisiana Legislatures adjustment of the rights and responsibilities
of the contracting parties was both appropriate and reasonable. The Legislatures extension of the prescriptive period for filing claims in these type of insurance cases was limited in both time and scope. The extension was only for one additional
year (noting that the pertinent time periods in the states neighboring Louisiana all are greater than one year), and was limited to certain types of claims. The Legislature addressed this significant public concern in an appropriate manner in order
to avoid mass confusion and an increase in filings in our courts.130 The Louisiana Supreme Court reiterated that, while of constitutional dimension, the substantial
impairment in this case was of the type that may be anticipated in this highly regulated insurance industry.

Although the Louisiana Supreme Court in Insurance Carriers conducted its analysis on the
basis that the contractual relationships impaired were private ones between the defendant insurers and their policyholders, and that the State itself was not a contracting party, the holding was expressly made on the basis that the legislative acts
were constitutional even under the stricter standard of review applicable when the State is a party to the contract.131 The insurance carriers argued that the State
should be considered a party to the contract because of the States position as a property owner and property insurance policyholder who may benefit from the extension of time, and in addition because the State would be assigned the remaining rights
of many Louisiana policyholders under the state program known as the Louisiana Recovery Authority (The Road Home Program). The Louisiana Supreme Court rejected that assertion, and considered the States interest as an affected property owner as
incidental and not sufficient to trigger the stricter standard of review. As noted, however, it expressly held that its conclusion that the legislative acts violate neither the Federal nor the Louisiana Contract Clauses would be unchanged even under
the stricter standard of review.

130Insurance Carriers, 937
So.2d at 327, n.13. Similarly, after the Northridge earthquake, California created a statute extending the time for policyholders to bring claims under their policies. The statute survived scrutiny under the Contract Clause even though it revived
claims otherwise time-barred under existing policies. Courts found the statute sufficiently limited in scope, balancing the interference with existing policies against California's need to protect policyholders. The statute revived claims only for
one year, applied only to claims arising out of the Northridge earthquake and applied only to policyholders who met certain qualifications. Moreover, the statute affected the policy's remedies, not its core provisions. Hellinger v. Farmers Group, Inc., 91 Cal. App. 4th 1049, 1066 (2001), review denied, 2002 Cal. LEXIS 1221 (Cal. 2002); see alsoCampanelli v. Allstate Life Ins. Co., 322 F.3d 1086, 1098-99 (9th Cir. 2003) (noting that this particular
impairment is less severe because the revived and extended limitations period is mandated by statute and not bargained for and because the insurance industry is heavily regulated); 20th Century Ins.
Co. v. Superior Court, 90 Cal. App. 4th 1247 (2001), review denied, 2001 Cal. LEXIS 7080 (Cal. 2001), cert. denied, 535 U.S. 1033 (2002).

131 Insurance Carriers, 937
So.2d at 326-27; supra note 111.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -37-

Reserved Powers Doctrine

As mentioned previously, a fundamental defense to claims under both the Federal and Louisiana Takings Clauses and the Federal and Louisiana Contract
Clauses is that the state action of a legislative character, notwithstanding that property value has been taken and contractual rights impaired, nonetheless is permissible as an exercise of inherent, reserved police power of the state (and any
contrary irrevocable contract right purportedly created by the state is void). Connolly requires consideration of whether legislation destroying existing contractual rights nonetheless is
not a taking because of the subject matter involved, especially when occurring in a regulated field where distinct investment-backed expectations should not be recognized. With respect to the Federal Contract Clause, U.S. Trust provides that the reserved powers doctrine requires a determination of the states power to create irrevocable contract rights in the first place (before reaching the inquiry into the purpose or
reasonableness of the subsequent impairment).132

Moreover, the Louisiana Constitution in Article VI, Section 9(B) provides that the police power of the state shall never be abridged. Although
expressed only as a limitation on Article VI of the Constitution concerning the powers of local governmental bodies versus the State, this provision has been interpreted to express a fundamental constitutional precept concerning the ability of the
Legislature to surrender the police power.133 This principle is applicable to attempts to surrender or abridge the ratemaking power, constitutionally vested in the
LPSC.134 Ratemaking by the LPSC is undeniably an aspect of the police power for the promotion of the public welfare.135 Additionally, United States Supreme Court precedent supports the extension of this principle to the LPSCs regulation of utilities, to the extent such an extension is not already implicit in existing Louisiana
jurisprudence.136 The Louisiana Supreme Court has established that contracts entered into by regulated public utilities with respect to fees and rates the utility will
charge remain subject to supervision and adjustment by the LPSC, which may modify or even abrogate such contracts.137

132U.S. Trust, 431 U.S. at
23, supra note 105; Melendez, supra note
89, 16 F.4th at 1017 n.40 (2d. Cir. 10/28/2021) (police power [is] the linchpin for the balancing principle that now cabins the Contracts [sic] Clauses impairment prohibition) (see
supra note 62); Matsuda v. City and County of Honolulu, 512 F.3d 1148, 1153 (9th Cir. 2008) (explaining that the initial task in applying the reserved powers doctrine is to
determine whether the state had the power to create irrevocable contract rights in the first place); see infra note 134 and pages 63-69.

133City of New Orleans v. Board of
Commrs of the Orleans Levee District, 640 So.2d 237, 249 (La. 1994) (the principle that the exercise of the police power of the state shall never be abridged needs no constitutional reservation to support it, so the failure of the
1974 Louisiana Constitution to restate the precept as a general provision, as previous Louisiana Constitutions had done, does not detract from the principle); Board of Commrs v. Department of
Natural Resources, 496 So.2d 281, 289 (La. 1986) (Board of Commrs) (It is a general principle of judicial interpretation of a state constitution, as
well as a specific prohibition of our constitution, that the legislature may not irrevocably alienate, surrender or abridge the right to exercise the police power.) (citations omitted); accordEx Parte Steckler, 154 So. 41, 44 (La. 1934) (a fundamental rule in our form of state government is that the Legislature cannot surrender irrevocably any of the
states police power.) (citations omitted). SeeMelendez, supra note 89, 16 F.4th at 1020-21 (2d Cir. 10/28/2021). Similarly, the Louisiana Constitution in Article 1, Section 4 expressly makes the Louisiana Takings Clause subject to the reasonable exercise of the police
power. Supra note 54 and infra notes 213 and 237.

134See supra
pages 8-9; Baton Rouge Waterworks Co. v. LPSC, 100 So. 710, 711 (La. 1924) (It is conceded on well-recognized authority that the ratemaking power, whether exercised by agreement or by the
fiat of law, is within the police power of the state as one of the states highest attributes of sovereignty, and that this power can never be abridged nor irrevocably surrendered where there is, as in this state, constitutional inhibition.); accordCity of Baton Rouge v. Baton Rouge Waterworks Co., 30 F.2d 895 (5th Cir. 1929); City of New Orleans v. OKeefe, 280 F. 92 (5th Cir. 1922); State v. City of New Orleans, 151 La. 24, 30, 91 So. 533, 535 (La. 1922) (cannot surrender
irrevocably or bargain away the authority to fix or control rates for public utilities); compareUnited Gas Corp. v. City of
Monroe, 109 So.2d 433 (La. 1958) (citys contract fixing rates for a term binding on parties where Legislature has delegated ratemaking power to municipalities but always reserves the power to revoke or compel a change in such rate); City of New Orleans v. Great S. Tel & Tel. Co., 3 So. 533, 534 (La. 1888) (Citys grant of franchise authority to utility had become an irrevocable contract, and the city is powerless to
set it aside or to interpolate new or more onerous considerations therein); accordBellSouth Communications, LLC v. City of
New Orleans, 31 F. Supp. 3d 819 (E.D. La. 2014). See infra note 213.

135Gulf States Utilities Co. v. LPSC,
633 So.2d 1258, 1264 (La. 1994); Conoco, 520 So.2d at 408; see supra notes 15 and 69 (ratemaking is an act and
function legislative, and not judicial, in kind, within the police power of the state), and infra note 136 (the establishment of a rate is an act legislative and not judicial
in nature, NOPSI at 371).

136 New Orleans Public Service, Inc. v.
Council of City of New Orleans, 491 U.S. 350, 109 S. Ct. 2506, 105 L. Ed. 2d 298 (1989) (NOPSI) (The regulation of utilities is one of the most important
of the functions traditionally associated with the police power of the states.) (citations and internal quotation marks and brackets omitted); seesupra notes 15 and 69; Pacific Gas & Elec. v. State Energy Resources Conservation, 461 U.S. 190, 206 (1983).

137Opelousas, 105 So.3d at
32.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -38-

Although the police power of the state is best defined on a case by case basis, it has been generally described as the states inherent power to govern
persons and things, within constitutional limits, for promotion of general health, safety, welfare and morals.138 Nonetheless, the police power extends only to
measures that are reasonable. A measure taken under the states police power is reasonable when the action is, under all the circumstances, reasonably necessary and designed to accomplish a purpose properly falling within the scope of the police
power. Further, an exercise of the states police power does not justify an interference with constitutional rights which is entirely out of proportion to any benefit redounding to the public.139 Thus the non-abridgement
clause of the Louisiana Constitution has been construed in a manner consistent with the reserved powers doctrine articulated by the United States Supreme Court in U.S. Trust.140

138 Morial, 785 So.2d
at 15 (citations omitted) (emphasis added). 

139Morial, 785 So.2d at 15-16.

140SeeBoard of Commrs,
496 So.2d at 293 (Into all contracts, whether made between states and individuals or between individuals only, there enters the condition, regardless of whether it is carried into express stipulation, that the state may not bargain away or otherwise
be prevented from exercising its police power, viz., the exercise of the sovereign right of the government to protect the lives, health, morals, comfort and general welfare of the people.) (citations omitted). See infra pages 63-69.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -39-

Jurisprudential Considerations and Injunctions

A plaintiff Bondholder challenging an alleged impairment of contract or taking may be expected to seek an injunction. Considering first the prospect of
preliminary injunctive relief in federal court, the United States Supreme Court requires federal courts to adhere to the principle that a preliminary injunction is an extraordinary remedy never awarded as of right.141 The function of
preliminary injunctive relief is to preserve the latest uncontested status quo prior to the action which is the subject of the legal challenge.142 In order to obtain injunctive relief in federal court, the plaintiff must show that
enforcement of the unconstitutional legislation or other action of a legislative character is imminent.143 A plaintiff seeking a preliminary injunction (in the courts discretion) then must establish (1) the likelihood of success on the
merits, (2) the likelihood plaintiff will suffer irreparable harm in the absence of preliminary relief, (3) that the balance of equities tips in plaintiffs favor, and (4) that an injunction is in the public interest.144 For a preliminary
injunction to be issued, the United States Supreme Court in Winter v. NRDC, Inc. emphasized the fourth requirement, stating that in exercising their sound discretion as courts of equity,
federal courts should pay particular regard for the public consequences in employing the extraordinary remedy of injunction.145 Although there are some older cases stating that these four requirements may be applied on a sliding scale,
the Fifth Circuit (which territorial jurisdiction includes Louisiana) has recently suggested that those decisions may have been implicitly overruled by that 2008 Supreme Court decision.146 
Instead, in recent years, the Fifth Circuit has repeatedly said that a preliminary injunction is an extraordinary remedy which should not be granted unless the party seeking it has clearly carried the burden of persuasion on all four requirements.147 
In particular, in considering irreparable harm courts evaluate whether (i) there is sufficient causal connection between the alleged injury and the conduct to be enjoined, (ii) irreparable injury is likely in the absence of an injunction, (iii) the
threat of harm to plaintiff is immediate, and (iv) litigation can offer monetary compensation instead.148

141Winter v. NRDC, Inc., 555 U.S. 7, 24 (2008) (Winter).

142University of Texas v. Camenisch, 451 U.S. 390, 395 (1981) (The purpose of a preliminary
injunction is merely to preserve the relative positions of the parties until a trial on the merits can be held.); Wenner v. Texas Lottery Commn, 123 F.3d 321, 326 (5th Cir. 1997)
(Preliminary injunctions commonly favor the status quo and seek to maintain things in their initial condition so far as possible until after a full hearing permits final relief to be fashioned.) (citations omitted)

143Morales v. TWA, 504 U.S. 374, 381 (1992).

144Winter, 555 U.S. at 20. See
also, e.g.,Illinois Republican Party v. Pritzker, 973 F.3d 760, 762-63 (7th Cir. 2020) (abrogating earlier circuit authority indicating lesser requirement with respect to likelihood
of success on the merits), cert. denied, 141 S. Ct. 1754 (2021).

145Winter, at 23-26.

146Atchafalaya Basinkeeper v. U.S. Army Corp of Engrs, 894 F.3d 692, 696 n.1 (5th Cir. 2018).

147Jordan v. Fisher, 823 F.3d 805, 809 (5th Cir. 2016) (quoting Bluefield Water Assn, Inc. v. City of Starkville, 577 F.3d 250, 253 (5th Cir. 2009)); see also, e.g., Def. Distributed v. U.S. Dept of State, 838 F.3d 451, 456-57
(5th Cir. 2016) (quoting PCI Transp., Inc. v. Fort Worth & W.R.R., 418 F.3d 535, 545 (5th Cir. 2005) (same)), cert.
denied, 138 S. Ct. 638 (2018). AccordApt. Assn of L.A. County v. City of Los Angeles, 10 F.4th 905,
912 (9th Cir. 2021), cert. denied, 142 S. Ct. 1699 (2022) (affirming denial of preliminary injunction against Citys eviction moratorium during COVID-19; applying the same
standard and four factors and asserting likelihood of success on the merits is the most important factor).

148Sampson v. Murray, 415 U.S. 61, 90 (1974); Idaho
v. Coeur dAlene Tribe, 794 F.3d 1039, 1046 (9th Cir. 2015) (purely economic harms are generally not irreparable, as money lost may be recovered later, in ordinary course of litigation); Melancon,
703 F.3d at 279-80; Perfect 10, Inc. v. Google, Inc., 653 F.3d 976, 982 (9th Cir. 2011). Irreparable harm must be likely in the absence of an injunction, not merely possible. Winter, 555 U.S. at 22. As noted below, infra notes 154, 163-166, and 172, the availability of injunctive and declaratory
relief might be limited where the States actions constitute an unconstitutional taking, or merely a breach of contract (as opposed to an impairment of contract), for which the aggrieved party can recoup money damages at law. See alsosupra note 50. Furthermore, federal courts have found that a delay in the receipt of payments until
final judgment is not the type of irreparable harm which justifies a preliminary injunction, absent special countervailing circumstances such as the possibility that such delay could result in the claimants insolvency or the closure of the
claimants business. See, e.g., Roland Mach. Co. v. Dresser Indus., Inc., 749 F.2d 380, 386 and n.1 (7th Cir. 1984);
Melancon, 703 F.3d at 279; cf. Ridgely v. Federal Emergency
Management Agency, 512 F.3d 727 (5th Cir. 2008) (discussing standards for injunction in due process claim and requiring that governments procedures be constitutionally inadequate); Alabama

Assn of Realtors v. Dept. of Health and Human Services, 2021 U.S. Lexis 3679, 2021 WL 3783142, 141 S. Ct. 2485 (U.S. 2021) (per curiam) (equities favor millions of landlords at risk of irreparable harm by depriving them of rent payments
with no guarantee of eventual recovery, vacating stay of judgment that voided nationwide moratorium on eviction as exceeding the authority of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention); Centurion
Reinsurance Co. v. Singer, 810 F.2d 140, 146 (7th Cir. 1987) (discussing dissipation of assets); Dresser-Rand Co. v. Virtual Automation Inc., 361 F.3d 831, 848-49 (5th Cir.
2004) (holding that district court did not abuse its discretion in denying injunctive relief despite one factor in analysis being that defendants insolvency may render incapable of responding in damages). Because delay in scheduled expected payments
may not suffice alone (see, e.g.,Roland Mach, Co.supra
at 386), other factors that make a remedy at law inadequate may be needed. SeeJanvey v. Alguire, 647 F.3d 585, 600
(5th Cir. 2011) (monetary asset dissipation; noting that some courts have found that a remedy at law is inadequate if legal redress may be obtained only by pursuing a multiplicity of actions); U.S.
Trust, 431 U.S. at 19 (difficulty in calculating damages: [N]o one can be sure precisely how much financial loss the bondholders suffered from the repeal of the state pledge); United
States v. Miami Univ., 294 F.3d 797, 819 (6th Cir. 2002). Importantly, injunctive relief might be available if sovereign immunity would preclude a suit for damages. See
supra note 58 and infra note 172; Idaho v. Couer dAlene Tribe, 794 F.3d 1039, 1046 (9th Cir. 2015)
(affirming grant of preliminary injunction where Indian tribes sovereign immunity likely would bar the plaintiff from recovering monetary damages incurred during the course of litigation caused by the tribes violation of statute and contract); New Jersey Retail Merchants Assn v. Sidamon-Eristoff, 669 F.3d 374, 388 (3d Cir. 2012) (upholding preliminary injunction in Contract Clause case where, in the absence of injunction, merchants
would have to pay money to the state that could not be recovered later due to sovereign immunity). Furthermore, an argument may be asserted that when an alleged deprivation of a constitutional right is involved, no further showing of irreparable
injury is necessary. Leaders of a Beautiful Struggle v. Baltimore Police Dept, 2 F.4th 330, 346 (4th Cir. 2021) (Because there is a likely constitutional violation, the irreparable harm
factor in satisfied.), Opulent Life Church v. City of Holly Springs, 697 F.3d 279, 295 (5th Cir. 2012) (irreparable harm requirement satisfied by alleged violation of First Amendment
rights); see infra notes 197-198. But seeBrown v.
Secy, U.S. Dept of Health and Human Services, 4 F.4th 1220, 1225 (11th Cir. 07/14/2021) (restricting constitutional irreparable injuries to First Amendment violations and right of privacy claims, finding no irreparable injury to allow
a preliminary injunction against COVID-19 eviction moratorium), vacated as moot, 20 F.4th 1385 (11thCir. 12/29/2021).

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -40-

These equitable factors affecting the appropriateness of preliminary injunctive relief are highly fact specific. We would expect a federal court to
issue a preliminary injunction only if it were persuaded by the strength of the showing by the Bondholders that the Bondholders both were strongly likely to prevail on the merits and would suffer irreparable injury absent such injunction. Thus,
addressing the factors discussed above, the Bondholders would need to advance a persuasive theory based upon a substantial factual showing why a preliminary injunction was needed to prevent irreparable injury prior to trial and decision on the merits
by the federal district court.

The requirements for a permanent injunction in federal court are essentially the same as for a preliminary injunction, except that the plaintiff must
demonstrate actual success on the merits (prevailing at trial).149 The factors used in determining whether to grant permanent injunctive relief are (1) the threat of irreparable harm to the plaintiff, (2) the balance of harms with any
injury an injunction might inflict on other parties, (3) actual success on the merits, and (4) the public interest.150 Ultimately the decision to grant or deny injunctive relief is within the discretion of the district court.151 
Also in the courts discretion, declaratory relief might be available.152

149Amoco Production Co. v. Village of Gambell, 480 U.S. 531, 546 n.12 (1987); eBay Inc. v. MercExchange, L.L.C., 547 U.S. 388, 391 (2008); Perfect 10, Inc. v. Google, Inc., 653 F.3d 976, 979-80 (9th Cir. 2011).

150Beacon Theatres, Inc. v. Westover, 359 U.S. 500, 506-07 (1959); Dresser-Rand Co. v. Virtual Automation Inc., 361 F.3d 831, 847-48 (5th Cir. 2004).

151eBay Inc. v. MercExchange, L.L.C., 547 U.S. at 391.

152 28 U.S.C. 2201; Wilton v. Sevin Falls Co., 515 U.S. 277, 282-83 (1995).

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -41-

Challenges to an alleged impairment or taking may face jurisprudential issues of ripeness, immunity, and abstention.153 A claim
under the Federal Takings Clause is not ripe for consideration until the state government entity charged with implementing the legislative action has reached a final decision. Additionally, as discussed below, even after a final decision injunctions
are not available against a state government to remedy an alleged Federal Takings Clause violation when a suit for compensation can be brought against the sovereign after the taking.154 Furthermore, as described below, Louisianas
procedures for challenging an order of the LPSC altering or impairing the value of the Financing Order are both adequate and available, which may lead to abstention by federal courts as discussed below.

The United States Supreme Court in Knick v. Township of Scott155
recently overruled precedent that had held that a Federal Takings Clause claim is not ripe for judicial consideration in federal court until the plaintiff had sought and been denied compensation through whatever procedures and mechanism state law
provides for doing so. Under Knick, a property owner has an actionable federal takings claim as soon as a government takes his property without paying for it.156 If a local
government takes property without compensation, the property owner can bring a federal suit at that time directly under 42 U.S.C. 1983157 without first bringing any sort of state lawsuit, even when state court actions addressing the
underlying behavior are available.158

153 The LPSCs role in issuing the Financing Order approving the Energy Transition Charges requires consideration of another possible jurisdictional limitation,
under the Johnson Act, codified at 28 U.S.C. 1342. The Johnson Act provides that federal district courts shall not enjoin, suspend or restrain the operation of, or compliance with, any order affecting rates chargeable by a public utility and made
by a State administrative agency or a ratemaking body of a State political subdivision, where:

(1) Jurisdiction is based solely on diversity of citizenship or repugnance of the order to the Federal Constitution; and

(2) The order does not interfere with interstate commerce; and

(3) The order has been made after reasonable notice and hearing; and

(4) A plain, speedy and efficient remedy may be had in the courts of such State. 28 U.S.C. 1342.

First, this provision applies only to orders affecting rates charged by a public utility; thus, federal jurisdiction over an action by the LPSC affecting regulation other
than ratemaking would not be barred by the Johnson Act. Note the Johnson Act does not divest a federal district court of jurisdiction where the challenge is to a statute and not a rate order. South
Carolina Electric & Gas Co. v. Randall, 331 F. Supp. 3d 485, 493 (D. S.C. 2018). Even as to orders affecting rates, however, the order must not interfere with interstate commerce. In the case of an LPSC supplemental order that
effected an impairment or taking, or any rescission, amendment or violation of the Pledge, the order would virtually by definition affect interstate commerce, as it would affect the value of the Bonds, either directly or indirectly through manipulation
of the Energy Transition Charges. CompareNucor Corp. v. Nebraska Public Power Dist., 891 F.2d 1343, 1348 (8th Cir.
1989) (Johnson Act inapplicable where challenged rate overcharge of nearly $7 million affected cost of goods of plaintiff, who sold those goods in interstate commerce), cert. denied,
498 U.S. 813, 111 S. Ct. 50, 112 L. Ed. 2d 60 (1990). The Securitization Act [La. R.S. 45:1271(B) and (C) and 1279(C)], and the Financing Order [Findings of Fact Paragraphs 36, 96, and 97 and Ordering Paragraph 24] explicitly seek low-cost capital in
reliance upon the securities financial markets and therefore interstate commerce, implicating the core intent of the Federal Contract Clause to encourage trade and credit by promoting confidence in the stability of contractual relations, U.S. Trust, 431 U.S. at 16. For these reasons, even though in determining whether an order constitutes interference with interstate commerce each case must be dealt with on its own facts and
circumstances, in our view the Johnson Act should not comprise a bar to federal jurisdiction.

154Supra notes 50 and 148 and infra notes 163-166 and 172; Monsanto, supra note 23, 467 U.S. at 1016, accordMelancon, 703 F.3d at 279-280.

155588 U.S. 180, 139 S. Ct. 2162 (2019) (Knick),
overruling Williamson County Regional Planning Commn v. Hamilton Bank, 473 U.S. 172 (1985) (Williamson).

156Knick, 139 S. Ct. at 2167 and 2170.

157See infra note 172.

158Knick, 139 S. Ct. at 2172-73.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -42-

Nonetheless the limitation remains that a claim under the Federal Takings Clause is not ripe for consideration until the state government charged with
implementing the legislative action has reached a final decision. When a plaintiff alleges a regulatory taking in violation of the Fifth Amendment, a federal court should not consider the claim until the government has reached a final decision.159 
This finality requirement is relatively modest.160 Once the government has adopted its final position, administrative exhaustion of state remedies is not a ripeness prerequisite for a federal takings claim. The availability of any
particular compensation remedy, such as an inverse condemnation claim under state law, cannot infringe or restrict the property owners federal constitutional claim for compensation.161 For the purpose of ripeness, ordinary finality is
sufficient once the government has reached a conclusive position.162

The United States Supreme Court has made it clear, however, that if the state has an adequate procedure for obtaining compensation for the taking, there
typically will be no basis to enjoin the governments action in effecting a taking, so an injunction will be generally unavailable in federal court in a federal takings claim.163 Thus injunctions are not available against a state
government to remedy an alleged Federal Takings Clause violation when a suit for compensation can be brought against the sovereign after the taking.164 So long as the property owner has some way to obtain compensation after the fact,165
injunctive relief is not available in federal court.166 Louisiana provides for inverse condemnation proceedings by aggrieved property owners even in the case of nonphysical regulatory takings.167

159Peyman Pakdel v. City and County of San Francisco, 594 U.S. 474, 141
S. Ct. 2226, 2228, 2021 WL 2637819 (2021) (per curiam) (Pakdel).

160Pakdel, 141 S. Ct. at 2230. A plaintiffs failure to properly pursue administrative procedures
still may render a takings claim unripe if avenues still remain for the government to clarify or change its decision. Id. at 2231.

161Id. at 2228, 2229 (quoting Knick,
139 S. Ct. at 2171).

162Id. at 2231. Similarly, harm occurs, and a claim is ripe under the Federal
Contract Clause, upon passage of the legislation when a law interferes with valid expectancy interests, creating an actual, concrete, and particularized injury. Lazar v. Kronckce, 862
F.3d 1186, 1198-99 (9th Cir. 2017). SeeFranklin, supra note 3, 85 F. Supp. 3d at 611 (facial Federal Takings Clause became ripe the moment the challenged statute was enacted).

163Knick, 139 S. Ct. at 2176.

164 Given the availability of post-taking compensation, barring the government from acting will ordinarily not be appropriate. Id. at 2177. As long as just compensation remedies are available, injunctive relief will be foreclosed. Id. at 2179. See supra notes 148 and 154 and infra note 172.

165Knick, 139 S. Ct. at 2168.

166Baptiste v. Kennealy, 490 F. Supp. 3d 353 (D. Mass. 2020) (landlords denied preliminary injunction
against state legislation establishing a temporary moratorium on residential evictions during Covid pandemic). See generallySeverance

v. Patterson, 566 F.3d 490, 498 (5th Cir. 2009) (inadequate procedures are those that almost certainly will not justly compensate the claimant) (quoting Samaad v. City of Dallas,
940 F.2d 925, 934 (5th Cir. 1991), abrogated on other grounds byStop the Beach Renourishment, Inc. v. Florida Dept of Envtl
Prot., 560 U.S. 702, 728 (2010). But see infra note 169 (sovereign immunity bars monetary relief under Federal Contract Clause).

167 The procedural situation can become complicated. If the challenged action causing the taking is an action of the Legislature, the pertinent question will be
whether there exists an administrative/judicial procedure for decisions of the state agency or department charged with enforcing such action. If no such procedure exists, then immediate resort may be had to a suit for just compensation in state
district court. If the challenged action is an action of the LPSC, then the Bondholder will first have to proceed through a final resolution of the state procedure for reviewing such orders, including appeal to the state district court and then the
Louisiana Supreme Court. SeeFirth v. Southwest Ouachita Waterworks, Inc., 207 So.3d 1121 (La. App. 2d Cir. 2016)
(where there is concurrent jurisdiction between the district court and the LPSC, the doctrine of primary jurisdiction applies, and the district court is obligated to stay any judicial proceedings related to plaintiffs claims that fall outside the
exclusive jurisdiction of the LPSC until the LPSC proceeding is ended). The saga of Liberty Mutual Insurance Company is illustrative, even recognizing the overruling of Williamson. Liberty
Mutual claimed, inter alia, that certain rate decisions of the Louisiana Insurance Rating Commission (LIRC) deprived
it of its property interests. Liberty Mutual filed suit in federal district court seeking compensation under the Federal Takings Clause. The federal Fifth Circuit ordered the claim dismissed as unripe, following Williamson. Liberty Mutual Ins. Co. v. Louisiana Dept of Insurance, 62 F.3d 115, 117 (5th Cir. 1995). Liberty Mutual then proceeded to prosecute an inverse
condemnation claim in state court. The Louisiana First Circuit court dismissed this claim as well, noting that while Louisiana law clearly recognizes an action for inverse condemnation, Liberty Mutual had still failed to avail itself of the
administrative and judicial remedies available for challenging the order of the LIRC, which are a prerequisite to any suit for just compensation. Liberty Mutual Ins. Co. v. LIRC, 1997-1043
(La. App. 1 Cir. 1998), 713 So.2d 1250, 1253-55, writ denied, 1998-2072 (La. 1998), 728 So.2d 396. Liberty Mutual then filed suit again in federal court, and the federal
district court dismissed this second suit, noting that Liberty Mutual had still failed to invoke the administrative and judicial remedies available to challenge the LIRCs rate decisions. The federal Fifth Circuit affirmed this dismissal, and found
that because the statute of limitations governing inverse condemnation proceedings had run, the dismissal should be with prejudice. Liberty Mutual Ins. Co. v. Brown, 380 F.3d 793, 796-798
(5th Cir. 2004). See infra note 191; but seeLarkin
Dev. North, L.L.C. v. City of Shreveport, 297 So.3d 980 (La. App. 2d Cir. 2020) (discussing administrative review and exhaustion doctrine in takings claims).

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -43-

Furthermore, the Eleventh Amendment of the United States Constitution erects a jurisdictional bar of sovereign immunity to the LPSC or the Louisiana
Legislature being sued in a federal court. This jurisdictional bar to federal court applies regardless of the nature of the relief sought. It is clear that the Eleventh Amendment bars a Bondholder from suing the State in federal court unless the
State consents or Congress has clearly and validly abrogated the States sovereign immunity.168 Thus, under the Eleventh Amendment the State (including the LPSC, and state officials) would be immune from suit or damages in federal court
resulting from an alleged constitutional violation of the Federal Contract Clause.169 It is not entirely clear whether the State can assert sovereign immunity to bar a federal suit claiming compensation under the Federal Takings Clause
brought directly against the State, although that is the prevailing rule.170As to damages, Louisiana has waived its right to sovereign immunity concerning claims sounding in tort or contract in state court and seeking to
recover for damage to property under the Louisiana Constitution.171 As noted, to the extent that any impairment also constitutes a taking under the Federal or Louisiana Takings Clauses so as to require the State to pay just compensation,
the availability of such compensation would constitute an adequate remedy at law and equitable (injunctive) relief and declaratory relief might be unavailable.172

168Allco Finance Ltd. v. Roisman, 2023 WL 4571965 (2d Cir. 07/18/2023) (Summary Order) (noting that
whether Eleventh Amendment immunity constitutes a true issue of subject matter jurisdiction or is more appropriately viewed as an affirmative defense has not yet been decided by the Supreme Court); Pele
v. Pennsylvania Higher Educ. Assistance Agency, 628 F. Appx 870, 871 (4th Cir. 2015); Hall v. Louisiana, 974 F. Supp. 2d 944 (M.D. La. 2013) (Hall); Walden v. Nevada, 945 F.3d 1088, 1092-93 (9th Cir. 2019); see also
infra notes 169 and 174.

169See, e.g., North Carolina v.
Temple, 134 U.S. 22, 25, 30 (1890) (holding that North Carolina enjoys sovereign immunity from claimed violation of Federal Contract Clause) (citing Ex Parte Ayers, 123 U.S.
443 (1887)). The Eleventh Amendment bars suit against a state agency or department or state officials that is in fact a suit against a state, regardless of whether it seeks damages or injunctive relief. Gerlach

v. Rokita, 95 F.4th 493, 498 (7th Cir. 03/06/2024), cert. denied, __ S.Ct. __, 2025 WL 76424 (U.S. 01/13/2025); Hall, 974 F. Supp. 2d at 952; Hughes v. Johnson, No. 15-7165, 2016 WL 6124211 (E.D. La. 10/20/2016), court slip op. at 10 (Hughes). The LPSC, and individual commissioners sued in their official capacity, have been found entitled to Eleventh Amendment immunity, along with the State of Louisiana, in a suit claiming an
unconstitutional taking under the Louisiana Constitution. Union Pacific R.R. Co. v. LPSC, 662 F.3d 366 (5th Cir. 2011). The jurisprudential factors determining whether an entity such as the
LPSC is covered by the State of Louisianas Eleventh Amendment immunity suggest that all Louisiana executive departments have Eleventh Amendment immunity. Vogt v. Board of Commrs of the Orleans Levee
District, 294 F.3d 684, 692 (5th Cir. 2002); Champagne v. Jefferson Parish Sheriffs Office, 188 F. 3d 312, 313 (5th Cir. 1999). But seeBonin v. Sabine River Authority, 65 F.4th 249, 255 (5th Cir. 2023) (questioning suggestion that all Louisiana executive departments have Eleventh
Amendment immunity; applying Fifth Circuits six factors to guide arm of the state analysis), cert. denied, 144 S. Ct. 287 (U.S. 10/10/2023). The LPSC is the executive
head of the Department of Public Service, within the executive branch. La. R.S. 36:721 and 723; see La. Const. art. IV, sec. 21 (the LPSC is in the executive branch). A suit
against individual state officers for injunctive relief might be available under Ex Parte Young, as discussed below infra
notes 181-183. See alsoUnion Pacific, 622 F.3d at n.5.

170 A states waiver of sovereign immunity in one form or against one class of claims cannot necessarily be construed to be waiver of sovereign immunity in other
forms or against other claims. McElrath v. United States, 102 U.S. 426, 440 (1880). Federal courts continue to bar federal takings claims against states brought in federal district court,
and every court of appeals to have faced the question has held that the Eleventh Amendment bars federal takings claims against states in federal district court when the state
courts remain open to adjudicate such claims, and (more recently) that Knick (which did not involve Eleventh Amendment immunity, as that suit involved a town without sovereign immunity,
unlike a state) did not abrogate state sovereign immunity in federal court. Gerlach v. Rokita, 95 F.4th 493, 498-500 (7th Cir. 03/06/2024), cert. denied, __ S.Ct. __, 2025 WL 76424 (U.S. 01/13/2025); OConnor v. Eubanks, 83 F.4th 1018, 1024 (6th Cir. 10/06/2023), rehearing en banc denied, 2023 U.S. App. LEXIS 33649, cert. denied, 220 L. Ed. 2d 139 (U.S. 10/15/2024), EEE Minerals, LLC v. State of North Dakota,81 F.4th 809, 816 (8th Cir. 08/30/2023), cert. denied, 144 S. Ct. 1097 (U.S. 03/25/2024); Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America v. Williams, 64 F.4th 932, 948-950 and n.13
(8th Cir. 04/03/2023); 74 Pinehurst LLC v. State of New York, 59 F.4th 557, 570 and n.7 (2d Cir. 02/06/2023), cert.
denied, ___ S. Ct. ___, 218 L. Ed. 2d 66, 2024 WL 674658 (02/20/2024); Pavlock v. Holcomb, 35 F.4th 581, 589 (7th Cir. 05/22/2022), cert. denied, 143 S. Ct. 374 (10/31/2022); Zito v. North Carolina Coastal Res. Commn, 8 F.4th 281, 284-85, 290-91 (4th Cir. 2021), cert. denied, 142 S. Ct. 465 (11/06/2021); Ladd v. Marchbanks, 971 F.3d 574 (6th Cir. 2020), cert. denied, 141 S. Ct. 1390 (2021) (Ladd); Bay

Point Props., Inc. v. Mississippi Transp. Commn, 937 F.3d 454, 456-57 (5th Cir. 2019), cert. denied, 140 S. Ct. 2566 (2020); Williams v. Utah Dept of Corr., 928 F.3d 1209, 1214 (10th Cir. 2019). SeeHutto v. South
Carolina Retirement System, 773 F.3d 536, 553 (4th Cir. 2014) (claims under the Federal Takings Clause are not exempt from the protection of the Eleventh Amendment). Jachetta v. U.S.,
653 F.3d 898, 910 (9th Cir. 2011); Seven Up Pete Venture v. Schweitzer, 523 F.3d 948 (9th Cir. 2008), cert. denied,
129 S. Ct. 258, 172 L. Ed. 2d 147, 77 USLW 3058 (U.S. 2008); DLX, Inc. v. Kentucky, 381 F.3d 511 (6th Cir. 2004), overruled

on other grounds by San Remo Hotel L.P. v. City & County of San Francisco, 545 U.S. 323 (2005); Harbert Intl, Inc. v.
James, 157 F.3d 1271 (11th Cir. 1998); John & Marie Stella Kenedy Meml Found. v. Mauro, 21 F.3d 667 (5th Cir. 1994). Nonetheless a modicum of uncertainty remains as to
whether a States declaration of sovereign immunity against a federal takings claim should have effect. DeVillier v. Texas, 601 U.S. 285, 292, 144 S. Ct. 938, 994 (2024) (acknowledging that
Supreme Courts precedents do not cleanly answer the question whether a plaintiff has a cause of action arising directly under the Takings Clause, including against a state); EEE Minerals, LLC v.
State of North Dakota,81 F.4th 809, 816 (8th Cir. 08/30/2023) (The Supreme Court has not directly addressed the interplay between the Fifth Amendment and the
Eleventh Amendment.), cert. denied, 144 S. Ct. 1097 (U.S. 03/25/2024); City of Monterrey v. Del Monte Dunes at
Monterrey Ltd., 526 U.S. 687, 713-714 (1999) (assuming arguendo that the sovereign immunity rationale retains its vitality in cases where [the Fifth] Amendment is applicable); Bay Point
Props., Inc., supra, 937 F.3d at 456, n.1 (5th Cir. 2019) (acknowledging that the tension between state sovereign immunity and the right to just compensation is
an issue for the Supreme Court); Allen v. Cooper, 555 F. Supp. 3d 226, 238-39 (E.D. NC 08/18/2021) (Knicks reasoning fatally
undermined rule of state sovereign immunity to a federal forum for a federal takings claim, despite contrary decisions of federal appellate courts), appeal dismissed, 2022 WL 19226124 (4th
Cir. 10/14/2022), but seeAllen v. Cooper, No. 5:15-CV-00627-BO (E.D. NC 08/29/2024), court slip op. at 9-11, 2024 WL
4009870 (Fourth Circuit precedent remains that Knick did not undermine rule of state sovereign immunity).

171See, e.g., La. Const. Art. XII, Sec. 10; La. R.S. 13:5111 (part of Louisiana
Governmental Claims Act). The State of Louisiana has not waived its Eleventh Amendment immunity from federal court jurisdiction. Blanchard v. Newton, 865 F.Supp.2d 709, 715-716 (M.D. La.
2012). Indeed, Louisiana has explicitly asserted its sovereign immunity by statute. La. R.S.13:5106(A) ([N]o suit against the state or state agency or political subdivision shall be instituted in any court other than a Louisiana state court); Hughes, court slip op. at 9. Of course, sovereign immunity may not stand in the way of recovery in state court. Jachetta v. U.S., 653
F.3d 898, 909 (9th Cir. 2011); Larkin Dev. North, LLC v. City of Shreveport, 297 So.3d 980, 990 (2d Cir. 2020); Mid-City Automotive, L.L.C.
v. Department of Public Safety and Corrections, 2021-1024 (La. App. 1 Cir. 04/08/2022), 342 So.3d 50.

172Knick, 139 S. Ct. at 2176-77, 2179; Monsanto,
467 U.S. at 1016. See supra notes 50 and 148. In cases where the state is a party to the contract, the question arises as to whether the state action is a breach of contract,
rather than an impairment of contract. The distinction turns upon the availability of a remedy in damages. See, e.g., TM Park Avenue Assoc. v. Pataki, 214 F.3d 344, 348-49 (2d Cir. 2000). If a contract is merely breached and the duty to pay damages remains, then the obligation of the
contract remains and there has been no impairment. Id., at 349; accordHorwitz-Mathews, Inc. v. City of Chicago, 78 F.3d 1248, 1250-51 (7th Cir. 1996). See supra note 148. In any event,
state officials in their official capacities are routinely afforded Eleventh Amendment immunity. Bennett v. City of Atlantic City, 288 F. Supp. 2d 675, 679-80 (D.N.J. 2003) (collecting
cases). But it should be noted that a claim for damages against a state officer can be made in federal court through the artifice of an individual capacity suit, in this case against the individual commissioners of the LPSC and/or the pertinent
state enforcement officer. Alden v. Maine, 527 U.S. 706, 757, 119 S. Ct. 2240, 144 L. Ed. 2d 636 (1999) (Even a suit for money damages may be prosecuted against a state officer in his
individual capacity for unconstitutional or wrongful conduct fairly attributable to the officer himself, so long as the relief is sought not from the state treasury but from the officer personally.). It is unclear in this forecasted context, however,
which individual state official would be suitably involved in, for instance, the conduct of the repeal of the Securitization Act by the State. See infra notes 181-183. 
Moreover, in such individual capacity lawsuits, a defendant enjoys absolute immunity from damages if his conduct can be characterized as legislative in character. Bogan v. Scott-Harris,
523 U.S. 44, 49, 118 S. Ct. 966, 140 L. Ed. 2d 79 (1998). Lower level enforcement officials, on the other hand, enjoy only qualified immunity; that is, they are immune from a damages claim in federal court unless their conduct amounts to a
violation of a clearly established constitutional right and is otherwise objectively unreasonable. Harlow v. Fitzgerald, 457 U.S. 800, 818-19, 102 S. Ct. 2727, 73 L. Ed. 2d 396 (1982). The
only plausible cause of action pertaining to the Transaction to address such a violation with a damages remedy would be 42 U.S.C. 1983 (and 28 U.S.C. 1343), which sounds in tort for purposes of the sovereign immunity analysis. Knick establishes that the settled rule that exhaustion of state remedies is not a prerequisite to an action under 1983 applies to a Federal Takings Claim. Knick, 139 S. Ct. at 2167, 2172-73; Lafaye v. City of New Orleans, No. 20-41 (E.D. La. 03/09/2021), court slip op. at 12, 14, 2021 WL 886118, overruled on other grounds, No. 21-30358 (5th Cir. 06/01/2022). But it remains unclear whether or not 1983 provides a cause of action to assert an alleged Federal Contract
Clause claim in the first instance, or instead if recourse to 1983 with respect to the Federal Contract Clause is limited to discrete instances where a state has denied the opportunity to seek judicial adjudication. Iten v. County of Los Angeles, 81 F.4th 979, 985 (9th Cir. 08/30/2023) (Federal Contract Clause claims may be brought under 1983); Heights Apartments, LLC v. Walz,
30 F.4th 720, 727-28 (8th Cir. 04/05/2022), rehearing en banc denied, 2022 U.S. App. LEXIS 16863 (assuming, without deciding, the uncontested issue of whether a cause of action
for a Contract Clause violation may be brought under 1983; noting circuit split); Kaminski v. Coulter, 865 F.3d 339 (6th Cir. 2017) (noting unresolved circuit split, and joining the Fourth
Circuit in holding that an alleged Federal Contract Clause violation cannot give rise to a cause of action under 1983); Crosby v. City of Gastonia, 635 F.3d 634 (4th Cir. 2011); Melancon, supra note 35, 703 F.3d at n.14 (5th Cir. 2012). cf.DeVillier v. Texas, 601 U.S. 285, 144 S. Ct. 938 (2024) (We granted certiorari to decide whether a person whose property is taken without compensation [may] seek
redress under the self-executing Takings Clause even if the legislature has not affirmatively provided them with a cause of action. ) Congress has not, however, abrogated the states sovereign immunity in federal court for claims arising under 
1983. Gerlach v. Rokita, 95 F.4th 493, 501 (7th Cir. 03/06/2024), cert. denied, __ S.Ct. __, 2025 WL 76424
(U.S. 01/13/2025); Pavlock v. Holcomb, 35 F.4th 581, 589 (7th Cir. 05/25/2022); Ladd v. Marchbanks, supra note 170, 971 F.3d at 578 and n.4; Hughes, supra note 169, at
9; Hall, supra note 168, 974 F. Supp. 2d at 953. (Louisiana in any event cannot prevent a suit in state court under
1983 by a sovereign immunity defense. Alden, 527 U.S. at 756.) However, given the character of the anticipated state action, the individual state actors very likely would be entitled to
absolute immunity, as their conduct would be the exercise of legislative judgment, or at least qualified immunity. SeeLouisiana
Farms v. Louisiana Dept of Wildlife and Fisheries, 95-845 (La. App. 3 Cir. 1996), 685 So.2d 1086, 1092-99, writ denied, 97-0486, 97-0507 (La. 1997), 692
So.2d 420, 422. See infra notes 176-179. We also note the possible applicability of Louisianas discretionary function immunity statute, which protects state officers from
liability when making policy or exercising discretionary functions. La. R.S. 9:2798.1; Minvielle v. Iberia Parish Govt, 317 So.3d 588, 595-98 (La. App. 3d Cir. 2019) (takings claim barred
by discretionary immunity statute because legislative functions are exactly the type of discretionary functions covered; discretion grounded in social, economic, or political activity shielded); Commerce

& Industry Ins. Co. v. Grinnell Corp., 280 F.3d 566, 570-72 (5th Cir. 2002); Blanchard v. Newton, 865 F.Supp.2d 709, 717 (M.D. La. 2012). cfRosehill Construction, LLC vs. Ted Hebert, LLC, 2022-0486 (La. App. 1st Cir. 11/28/2022), 356 So.3d 1115
(discretionary immunity statute protects the government from liability only at the policy making or ministerial level, not at the operational level).

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -44-

This jurisdictional bar of sovereign immunity, however, can be circumvented through use of the legal fiction set forth in Ex Parte Young.173Under the Ex Parte Young exception to the Eleventh Amendment, a state officer may be sued in his official
capacity in federal court as long as the relief sought is properly characterized as prospective only, i.e., declaratory and injunctive relief,174 and provided that the
complaint alleges an ongoing violation of federal law.175

173 209 U.S. 123, 28 S. Ct. 441, 52 L. Ed. 714 (1908).

174Mayfield v. Texas Dept. of Criminal Justice, 529 F. 3d 599 (5th Cir. 2008); Town of Barnstable v. OConnor, 786 F.3d 130 (1st Cir. 2015) (Barnstable) (pivotal question is whether the relief serves
directly to bring an end to a present violation of federal law, as opposed to relief that would have much the same effect as a full-fledged award of damages) (internal quotation marks and citations omitted); Hughes, supra note 169 at 10; Terrebonne Parish NAACP v. Jindel, 154 F. Supp. 3d 354 (M.D.
La. 2015) (Louisiana governor and attorney general sued in their official capacity are persons under 1983); but see supra note 172 and infra note 181. Conversely, under the Eleventh Amendment a federal court is without jurisdiction to impose a damages award upon any state agency or department (including state officials sued in their official
capacities) for any past violation of federal law, including any unconstitutional taking or impairment of contracts. SeeHutto

v. South Carolina Retirement System, 773 F.3d 536, 549 (4th Cir. 2014); DLX, Inc. v. Kentucky, 381 F.3d 511, 526-28 (6th Cir. 2004) (discussing issue) overruled on other grounds by San Remo Hotel L.P. v. City and County of San Francisco, 545 U.S. 323 (2005); Seven Up Pete Venture v. Schweitzer, 523 F.3d 948 (9th Cir. 2008); Blanchard v. Newton, 865 F.Supp.2d 709, 715 (M.D. La. 2012); see supra notes 168-169. Thus Ex Parte Young cannot be used to obtain an injunction requiring the payment of funds from
the States treasury. Ladd, supra note 170, 971 F.3d at 581 (6th Cir. 2020) (quoting Virginia Office for Protection & Advocacy v. Stewart, 563 U.S. 247, 256-57 (2011)).

175Allco Finance Ltd. v. Roisman, 2023 WL 4571965 (2d Cir. 07/18/2023) (Summary Order) (Ex Parte Young exception to Eleventh Amendment allows suit against commissioners of the Vermont Public Utility Commission in their official capacities for prospective injunctive relief to end a
continuing violation of federal law); Verizon Maryland, Inc. v. Public Service Commn of Maryland, 535 U.S. 635, 645, 122 S. Ct. 1753, 152 L. Ed. 2d 871 (2002) (noting Ex Parte Young was a suit against state regulatory commissioners to enjoin a commission order requiring a reduction in rates); Mi Familia Vota v.
Ogg, 105 F.4th 313, 325 (5th Cir. 06/20/2024); Planned Parenthood Gulf Coast, Inc. v. Phillips, 24 F.4th 442, 451 (5th Cir. 01/20/2022); State Employees Bargaining Agent Coalition v. Rowland, 494 F.3d 71 (2d Cir. 2007); ACLU Foundation of Louisiana v. Blanco, 523 F. Supp. 2d 476 (E.D. La. 2007). But see infra note 179. Moreover, a declaration of the past, as well as the future, ineffectiveness of a state commissions action is not barred because it does not impose upon the
state a monetary loss resulting from a past breach of a legal duty on the part of defendant state officials. Barnstable, 786 F.3d at 139.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -45-

In addition to sovereign immunity, the jurisdictional bar of legislative immunity from suit also is applicable here. It is well established that state
legislators acting within the scope of their legislative duties are immune from civil suits for damages. Given the character of the anticipated State action under discussion, the individual State actors very likely also would be entitled to absolute
immunity, as their conduct would be the exercise of state legislative judgment, or at least qualified immunity.176 This legislative immunity doctrine bars claims for damages against state legislators in their individual (personal)
capacities. State legislators are entitled to absolute immunity from 42 USC 1983 liability for all actions characterized as legislative.177 Legislative immunity applies to legislators sued in their individual capacities, not to the
legislative body itself.178 Indeed, legislative immunity not only shields state legislators from suits for damages (not a mere defense to liability), but also shields officials in the executive branch (such as the LPSC) when their actions
are of a legislative character, and further bars not only claims for damages but may also apply to bar claims for injunctive relief brought against state officials in their official capacities otherwise allowed under the Ex Parte Young exception to sovereign immunity.179

176SeeHall, supra note 168, 974 F. Supp. 2d at 954-57; Louisiana Farms v. Louisiana Dept of Wildlife and Fisheries, 95-845 (La. App.
3 Cir. 1996), 685 So.2d 1086, 1092-99, writ denied, 97-0486, 97-0507 (La. 1997), 692 So.2d 420, 422.

177See supra notes 15, 69, 135, 172, and 179.

178Sable v. Myers, 563 F.3d 1120, 1123 (10th Cir. 2009); Minton v. St. Bernard Parish Sch. Bd., 803 F.2d 129, 133 (5th Cir. 1986).

179Community House, Inc. v. City of Boise, Idaho, 623 F.3d 945, 959 (9th Cir. 2010) (the importance
of absolute legislative immunity to our system of government cannot be overstated, 623 F.3d at 964); State Employees Bargaining Agent Coalition v. Rowland, 494 F.3d 71 (2d Cir. 2007); Hall, supra note 168, 974 F. Supp. 2d at 954-57 (holding state officials with functionally legislative duties have
absolute legislative immunity against injunctive as well as damage suits in their official capacities, in addition to immunity from damages claims in their individual personal capacities, and discussing the arguably contradictory precedents). See supra notes 69 and 169. The Financing Order in Ordering Paragraph 52as part of the LPSC Pledge prohibits
any cause or right of action for damages against the individual commissioners in reliance thereon.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -46-

Accordingly, while suit against the LPSC in federal court likely would be barred by the Eleventh Amendment, a suit against the individual LPSC
commissioners or senior LPSC officers (in their official capacities) charged with enforcing LPSC actions, seeking declaratory and injunctive relief to remedy violations of the Federal Contract Clause and Federal Takings Clause might be maintained in
federal court under Ex Parte Young, subject to the potential limitations discussed herein.180

In addition, as to any action taken by the Louisiana Legislature, while the Legislature itself would be immune from suit in federal court under
sovereign immunity, a suit for prospective injunctive relief against violations of the federal constitution might be maintained in federal court under the Ex Parte Young exception against any
state executive branch officer (if any exists in this context)181 charged with enforcement of the legislative action182, subject to the potential limitations discussed above.183

180Verizon Maryland, Inc., supra
note 175, 535 U.S. at 645-46, 122 S. Ct. at 1760-61. But see, e.g., supra notes 172 and 179 and infra note

183, and Hall, supra note 168, 974 F. Supp. 2d at 955 (state officials with functionally legislative duties have
absolute legislative immunity against injunctive as well as damage suits in their official capacities).

181 The Ex Parte Young exception to the Eleventh Amendment applies only where the party defendant in
a suit to enjoin the enforcement of an act alleged to be unconstitutional has some connection with the enforcement of the act or is specifically charged with the duty to enforce the statute and is threatening to exercise that duty. Hall, supra note 168, 974 F. Supp. 2d at 954. Thus, a governor cannot be enjoined by virtue of his general duty to
enforce the laws, and an attorney general cannot be enjoined where he has no specific statutory authority to enforce the statute at issue. Hutto v. South Carolina Retirement Systems, 773
F.3d 536, 550 (4th Cir. 2014). See infra notes 172 and 174.

182Verizon Maryland, Inc. v. Public Service Commn of Maryland, 535 U.S. 635, 645-46, 122 S. Ct.
1753, 1760-61 (2002); Keystone Bituminous Coal Assoc. v. DeBenedictis, 480 U.S. 470, 107 S. Ct. 1232, 94 L. Ed. 2d 472 (1987) (suit under Federal Takings Clause and Federal Contract Clause
seeking to enjoin Pennsylvania officer from enforcing allegedly unconstitutional state statute); Lipscomb v. Columbus Municipal Separate School District; 269 F.3d 494 (5th Cir. 2001) (Lipscomb); Terrebonne Parish NAACP, supra
note 174.

183See, e.g., supra at notes 148, 169, 172, and 174.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -47-

However, a suit in federal district court seeking an injunction or declaratory
relief, especially with respect to LPSC action, before appeal proceedings in Louisiana state courts are final would cause such prospective challenge to be questioned as undue interference with state proceedings and thus appropriate for federal court
abstention.184 One type of federal court abstention that would be applicable is referred to as Burford abstention after the seminal case of Burford v. Sun Oil Co.185 
Where timely and adequate statecourt review is available, a federal court sitting in equity must decline to interfere with the proceedings or orders of state administrative agencies: (1) when there are difficult questions of state law bearing on
policy problems of substantial public import whose importance transcends the result and the case then at bar or (2) where the exercise of federal review of the question in the case and in similar cases would be disruptive of state efforts to establish
a coherent policy with respect to a matter of substantial public concern.186 There is a significant possibility that a federal district court would decide to abstain from deciding constitutional claims of the Bondholders in favor of the
Louisiana state court appeal process, particularly with reference to action by the LPSC. First, although the claims address federal constitutional violations, the case itself is of minimal federal significance; no comprehensive federal scheme is
involved, and the constitutional violations arise from the impairment or deprivation of state-derived property rights, specifically, those rights recognized by the Securitization Act.187 Second, Louisiana provides a rapid and adequate
system of judicial review of LPSC orders through a single district court, and then directly to the Louisiana Supreme Court.188 Third, federal review would extend beyond the four corners of the LPSC supplemental order, and would have to
include the Transaction Documents, related documents, and state constitutional law, to determine whether the factors to be considered warrant a conclusion that the federal constitution was violated.189 Finally, because the relief requested
would of necessity require the federal court to countermand the decision of the LPSC, charged with balancing the interests of the public and utilities in exercising its regulatory/ratemaking function, in favor of third parties (the Bondholders),
federal adjudication could be considered to unduly intrude into the processes of state government or undermine the states ability to maintain desired uniformity of treatment of its citizens who are customers of various utilities.190 
Under such circumstances, there is a significant possibility that a federal district court would abstain from adjudicating the matter in favor of the state court system of administrative/judicial review.191

184NOPSI, supra note 136,
491 U.S. at 359 (thus, there are some classes of cases in which the withholding of authorized equitable relief because of undue interference with state proceedings is the normal thing to do.) (internal quotation marks and citation omitted). Gearing v. City of Half Moon Bay, 54 F.4th 1144, 1148 (9th Cir. 2022) (rejecting argument that Knick and Pakdel preclude abstention in takings litigation, applying the parallel Pullman abstention doctrine and noting that neither case explicitly limits or even
addresses abstention in takings litigation), cert. denied, 144 S. Ct. 95 (U.S. 10/02/223). SeeState of Louisiana v. All Property and Casualty Insurance Carriers Authorized and Licensed to do Business in the State of Louisiana, No. 06-519 (M.D. La. Aug. 17, 2006) (order granting remand to
state court).

185 319 U.S. 315 (1943) (Burford); In

re Entrust Energy, Inc., 101 F.4th 369, 388 (5th Cir. 04/29/2024); Occidental Chemical Corp. v. LPSC, 494 F. Supp. 2d 401, 414 (M.D. La. 2007).

186NOPSI, 491 U.S. at 361 (internal quotation marks omitted, quoting Colorado River Water Conservation District v. U.S., 424 U.S. 800, 814 (1976)). The federal Fifth Circuit has crafted a five factor test for Burford
abstention: (1) whether the plaintiff raises state or federal claims, (2) whether the case involves unsettled state law or detailed local facts, (3) the importance of the states interest in the litigation, (4) the states need for a coherent policy
in the area, and (5) whether there is a special state forum for judicial review. In re Entrust Energy, Inc., 101 F.4th 369, 388 (5th Cir. 04/29/2024) (quoting Harrison v. Young, 48 F.4th 331, 339-40 (5th Cir. 2014).

187CompareBurford, 319
U.S. at 331 (claim that Texas oil and gas regulations deprived plaintiffs of due process was of minimal federal importance).

188See infra note 200; compareIn re Entrust Energy, Inc., 101 F.4th 369, 392 (5th Cir. 04/29/2024) (ordering Burford abstention in
takings claim; Texas has established a centralized scheme for review of Public Utility Commission of Texas orders including review in specified state courts, which normally favors abstention [and which is akin to Louisianas scheme]), and Alabama Pub. Serv. Commn v. Southern R. Co., 341 U.S. 341, 71 S. Ct. 762, 95 L. Ed. 1002 (1951) (finding Burford abstention appropriate where state provided statutory right of appeal of Public
Service Commission order to single state court, and that appellate court had power to review and set aside any commission order with a further appeal right to the state supreme court).

189Contrast NOPSI, 491
U.S. at 363; ([N]o inquiry beyond the four corners of the Councils retail rate order is needed to determine whether it is facially pre-empted by FERCs allocative decree and relevant provisions of the Federal Power Act.).

190NOPSI, 491 U.S. at 363; accordIn re Entrust Energy, Inc., 101 F.4th 369, 390-91, 393-94 (5th Cir. 04/29/2024) (ordering Burford abstention in bankruptcy case
involving takings claim and a key part of Texass utility-regulatory scheme); Just Energy Group, Inc. v. Just Energy Texas, L.P., 57 F.4th 241, 254-55 (2023) (ordering Burford abstention in bankruptcy case involving Texas Public Utility Regulatory Act, which establishes a comprehensive and adequate regulatory system for electric utilities).

191 Note the Insurance Carriers case discussed above followed a remand to state court by the federal
district court after a hearing, following removal by one defendant insurance company of the state court declaratory judgment suit. See supra notes 125 and 167. When Burford abstention is applicable, claims seeking equitable or discretionary relief may be dismissed, while claims for damages may be stayed pending resolution of related state proceedings. In re Entrust Energy, Inc., 101 F.4th 369, 394-95 (5th Cir. 04/29/2024); EL Farmer, Inc. v. Puerto Rico,
693 F. Supp. 3d 202, 2023 WL 6167783, 72 Bankr.Ct.Dec. 225 (D. Puerto Rico 09/22/2023).

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -48-

If Louisiana legislation did allegedly violate the Federal or Louisiana Contract Clauses, then the Bondholders also could file suit for injunction in a
Louisiana state district court as an exercise of original jurisdiction, the traditional mode of challenging unconstitutional legislative acts.192 Louisiana courts have recognized that it is a constitutional and proper exercise of a state
district courts original jurisdiction to issue preliminary and permanent injunctions to enjoin state officers from violating the United States and Louisiana constitutions.193 Any subsequent legislative enactment modifying the
Securitization Act or the Transaction will be presumed to be constitutional and the party challenging the validity of the statute will have the heavy burden of overcoming that firmly established presumption by proving it
is unconstitutional.194

192SeePope v. State of Louisiana,
1999-2559 (La. 2001), 792 So.2d 713; Marine Shale Processors, Inc. v. State of Louisiana, Dept of Envtl Quality, 551 So.2d 643 (La. App. 1 Cir. 1989), writ denied, 553 So.2d 465 (La. 1989), overruled on other grounds byMatter of
American Waste and Pollution Control Co., 580 So.2d 392 (La. App. 1 Cir. 3/11/91), reversed 588 So.2d 367 (La. 1991). Among other procedural requirements, a civil
action in Louisiana state district court alleging that a law is unconstitutional must be served upon the Louisiana Attorney General. 2024 Second Extraordinary Session Act 12, enacting La. Code Civ. Proc. art 855.1. In contrast, the United States
Supreme Court has made clear that due to the Eleventh Amendment and states sovereign immunity federal courts cannot enjoin state officials from violating state law (including a state constitution), Pennhurst

State Sch. & Hosp. v. Halderman, 465 U.S. 89, 121 (1989); Laddsupra note 170, 971 F.3d at 582
(6th Cir. 2020). We express no opinion as to the preferable forum.

193SeeStar Enterprise v. State
through Dept of Revenue, 95-1980 (La. App. 1 Cir. 1996), 676 So.2d 827, 833, writ denied, 96-1983 (La. 1997), 689 So.2d 1383. Cf.Whole Womans Health v. Jackson, 595 U.S. 30, 142 S. Ct. 522, 538 (2021) (per curiam) (noting that [t]o this
day, many federal constitutional rights are as a practical matter asserted typically as defenses to state-law claims, not in federal pre-enforcement cases); DeVillier v. Texas, 601 U.S. 285,
292, 144 S. Ct. 938, 944 (2024) (Our constitutional system assigns state officers a coordinate responsibility to enforce [the Constitution] according to their regular modes of procedure.) (citation omitted). Louisiana state courts also have
jurisdiction for declaratory judgments. La. Code Civ. Proc. art. 1871. Louisiana state courts describe the factors a court must consider before issuing an injunction as whether the party shows (1) that the injury or loss it will suffer is
irreparable, (2) that it is entitled to the relief sought, and (3) that it is likely to prevail on the merits. La. Code Civ. Proc. art. 3601. See alsoLouisiana Granite Yard Inc. v. LA Granite Countertops, LLC, 45,482 (La. App. 2d Cir. 2010), 47 So.3d 573, 581, writ denied, 51 So.3d
733 (La. 2010); Denta-Max v. MaxiCare Louisiana, Inc., 95-2128 (La. App. 4th Cir. 1996), 671 So.2d 995 (same). The right to a permanent injunction must be proved before a preliminary
injunction may issue in Louisiana state court. Equitable Petroleum v. Cent. Transmission, 431 So.2d 1084 (La. App. 2d Cir. 1983).

194Cartesian

Company, Inc. v. Division of Administrative Law Ethics Adjudicatory Board Panel A, 2023-0038 (La. 2023), 371 So.3d 1041, 1053; accordBienvenu v. Defendant 1 and Defendant 2, 2023-CC-01194 (La. 06/12/2024) (on rehearing), 386 So.3d 280, 289, 292 (a party challenging the constitutionality of a statute must point to a particular provision of the
constitution that would prohibit the enactment of the statute, and must demonstrate clearly and convincingly that it was the constitutional aim of that provision to deny the legislature the power to enact the statute in question) (quotation marks and
citation omitted); Westlawn Cemeteries, LLC v. Louisiana Cemetery Board, 339 So.3d 548, 559 (La. 2022); West Baton Rouge Parish Council v. Tullier, 2018-1722 (La. App. 1 Cir. 2021), 317 So.3d 782, 788-89; Carver v. La. Dept of
Public Safety, 2017-1340 (La. 2018), 239 So.3d 226, 230-31; Krielow v. Louisiana Dept. of Agriculture, 2013-1106 (La. 2013), 125 So.3d 384, at 388; Insurance Carriers, 937 So.2d at 319; Usery v. Turner Elkhorn Mining Co.,
428 U.S. 1, 15 (1976); c.f.National R.R., 470 U.S. at 463. See alsoUnited Auto., Aerospace, Agricultural Implement Workers of Am. Intl Union v. Fortuo, 633 F.3d 37, 42-45 (1st Cir. 2011) (holding that even if the state is
alleged to have impaired a public contract to which it is a party, the plaintiff has the burden to prove that the impairment was not reasonable and necessary to serve an important government purpose, otherwise governments would be forced to endure
costly discovery each time a plaintiff advanced a plausible allegation of a substantial impairment). SeeAlachua County
Educ. Assn. v. Carpenter, ___ F. Supp. 3d ___, court slip op. at n.22 (N.D. Fla. 07/24/2024) (discussing circuit split); Cranston Police Retirees Action Comm. v. City of Cranston, 208 A.3d 557, 573-74 (R.I. 2020) (collecting cases
discussing whether burden of production shifts to the state regarding reasonableness and necessity after a finding of substantial impairment). Compare supra notes 13 and 111 and infra note 203. However, this presumption of
constitutionality does not apply when a statute infringes on a fundamental right. State v. Spell, 339 So.3d 1125, 1131 (La. 05/13/2022), (free exercise of religion) (citing United States Supreme Court and Louisiana Supreme Court cases). Of
course, an LPSC order modifying the earlier Financing Order, or legislative act modifying the earlier Securitization Act, would create conflicting presumptions of constitutionality, pitting the new legislative action against the Pledges in the
original legislative actions.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -49-

Additionally, if an LPSC supplemental order did allegedly violate the Federal or Louisiana Contract Clauses, the Louisiana Supreme Court has
specifically recognized the authority of a district court having appellate jurisdiction over an LPSC order to entertain a petition for preliminary injunctive relief and to preliminarily enjoin the order under review, where such injunction is necessary
to avoid irreparable injury or enjoin a constitutional violation.195 Significantly, preliminary injunctive relief is recognized as particularly useful in a rate decrease
case initiated by the LPSC.196 The Louisiana Supreme Court also stated that a showing of irreparable injury is not necessary when the deprivation of a constitutional right is involved.197 The breadth of that assertion has been
challenged, however.198

195South Central Bell Telephone Company v. LPSC, 555 So.2d 1370 (La. 1990) (SCB)

196Id. at 1373; see alsoEntergy Gulf States, Inc. v. LPSC, 730 So.2d 890, 897 (La. 1999).

197SCB, 555 So.2d at 1373 (when a violation of state property guarantees is shown, a court may
enjoin the constitutional violation); accordGraftaire, LLC v. City of Shreveport, No. 55,741-CA (La. App. 2d Cir.
07/17/2024), ___ So.3d ___, court slip op. at 7 (showing of irreparable harm is unnecessary when the conduct constitutes a violation of a constitutional right); Faubourg Marigny Improvement Assn v.
City of New Orleans, 195 So.3d 606, 616-17 (La. App. 4th Cir. 2016) (jurisprudential rule requires three findings before plaintiff can circumvent the irreparable harm requirement: conduct to be enjoined violates a prohibitory law
(including the constitution); the injunction seeks to restrain conduct, not order it; and plaintiff meets the low burden of making a prima facie showing that he is entitled to
the relief sought); Zeringue v. St. James Parish School Board, 130 So.3d 356, 359 (La. App. 5th Cir. 2013) (entitled to injunctive relief without the requisite showing of irreparable injury
when the conduct sought to be restrained is unconstitutional). There is federal jurisprudence that concurs. SeeOverstreet v.
Lexington-Fayette Urban County Govt,305 F.3d 566, 578 (6th Cir. 2002). This exception to the irreparable harm requirement applies only when the injunction sought is
prohibitory, not mandatory. Yokum v. Pat OBriens Bar, 99 So.3d 74, 81 (La. App. 4th Cir. 2012). See also supra
note 148.

198Kruger v. Garden District Association, 779 So.2d 986 (La. App. 4th Cir. 2001) (we take a
restrictive review of this judicially created exception to the need of showing irreparable injury, perhaps limiting exception to vested state property rights); compareElrod v. Burns, 427 U.S. 347 (1976) (violation of First Amendment rights produces irreparable injury); Mitchell v. Cuomo, 748 F.2d 804
(2d Cir. 1984) (violation of Eighth Amendment rights produces irreparable injury); Yokum, supra note 197. But see supra note 148.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -50-

It would be advisable for Bondholders to intervene and raise any constitutional issues as an intervenor in the LPSCs proceedings involving any
supplemental order pertaining to the Financing Order. The Securitization Act specifies that challenges involving legal rights affected by the LPSC orders within the scope of the Securitization Act are to be heard, as an exercise of appellate
jurisdiction, by the same district court in East Baton Rouge Parish that would otherwise review LPSC orders.199 Judicial review of LPSC orders is governed by Article IV, Section 21(E) of the Louisiana Constitution, which provides a right of
appeal to the East Baton Rouge Parish district court, and thereafter directly to the Louisiana Supreme Court, in a manner to be prescribed by the Legislature.200 Under the Securitization Act, an aggrieved party or intervenor
before the LPSC has a remedy regarding a supplemental order (pertaining to this Financing Order), by filing an appeal to the district court no later than fifteen days after the order becomes effective. The district court is obliged under the
Securitization Act to afford the case precedence over all other civil cases in the court and to move it to trial as speedily as possible. Appeal from the district court's decision is taken directly to the Louisiana Supreme Court.

In conclusion, established processes exist for the Bondholders (or their Trustee) to bring an action in Louisiana state district court challenging
legislation, or bring an appeal to the specified Louisiana state district court challenging an LPSC order, in each case seeking and, upon satisfying the applicable legal and equitable standards discussed above and subject to the discretion of the
court, obtaining preliminary and permanent injunctive relief. Although sound and substantial arguments might support the granting of preliminary and permanent injunctive relief to prevent implementation of any legislation or LPSC order determined to
violate the Pledges, the decision to do so will be in the discretion of the court requested to take such action.

199 La. R.S. 45:1273(H). SeeDaily
Advertiser v. Trans-La (A Division of Atmos Energy Corp.), 612 So.2d 7, 12 (La. 1993) (antitrust, contract, breach of fiduciary duty and fraud claims that concerned manipulation of fuel adjustment clauses fell within original
jurisdiction of LPSC, and district court had no original jurisdiction over such claims); CLECO v. LPSC, 601 So.2d 1383, 1386 (La. 1992) (discussing jurisdictional divide between district
court and LPSC adjudicatory jurisdiction); Louisiana Power & Light v. LPSC, 343 So.2d 1040, 1042 (La. 1977) (LP&L)
(discussing requirement to contest validity of LPSC action before LPSC); Frith v. Southwest Ouachita Waterworks, Inc., 207 So.3d 1121 (La. App. 2d Cir. 2016) (doctrine of primary jurisdiction
obligated state district court to stay judicial proceedings related to plaintiffs claims that fall outside LPSCs exclusive jurisdiction until the LPSC proceeding over plaintiffs other claims is ended); cfOpelousas, supra note 4 (reimbursement claim for alleged overcharges including
securitization charges under a similar statute to the Securitization Act is a rate case subject to the LPSCs original jurisdiction); compareCajun for Clean Water, LLC v. Cecelia Water Corp., 206 So.3d 1118 (La. App. 3d Cir. 2016) (state district court, and not LPSC, has original jurisdiction for damages claims).

200Louisiana Power and Light Co. v. LPSC, 369 So.2d 1054, 1058 (La. 1979) (Louisiana
Constitution makes it clear that any judgment of a district court sitting in review of actions by the LPSC is directly appealable to the Louisiana Supreme Court). See Marco Outdoor Advertising, Inc. v. Regional Transit Authority, 489 F.3d 669 (5th Cir. 2007) (dismissing federal claim because Louisiana state courts
provide an adequate procedural remedy for the alleged deprivation of contract property interest); supra note 188. Although we are not aware of a reported judicial decision addressing this question, we believe that the Securitization Acts venue provision will likely apply in this context, instead of the venue stated in La. R.S.
45:1198.1 which provides that whenever the LPSC seeks the judicial enforcement of an order entered by it, the suit shall be brought in the parish of the domicile of the utility not in compliance with the order. Cf. Opelousas,supra note 4, 105 So.3d at 30-35 (discussing but not deciding alternative venue arguments in challenge to utilitys rates).

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -51-

The Constitutional Claims on Direct Review

An order by the LPSC that rescinds or amends the Financing Order or otherwise creates an impairment or taking will be subject, as discussed above, to a
right of appeal established by the Louisiana Constitution in Article IV, Section 21(E). This constitutional right of appeal is provided to aggrieved parties and intervenors before the LPSC to the state district court in East Baton Rouge Parish. The
Constitution provides a right of direct appeal to the Louisiana Supreme Court from any judgment by the district court in connection with the judicial review of any action taken by the LPSC.201 The appellate review by the Louisiana Supreme
Court of orders of the LPSC extends to both the law and the facts.202

As also discussed above, the Louisiana Supreme Court, recognizing the constitutional authority of the LPSC, has established in a long line of cases a
standard of judicial review deferential to LPSC orders. First, there is a presumption that LPSC orders are legal and proper, and it is the high burden of the party attacking an LPSC order to prove that it is defective.203 The Louisiana
Supreme Court has summarized this deferential standard of review by observing that an order of the [LPSC] should not be overturned on review unless it is arbitrary, capricious, abusive of its authority, or not reasonably based upon the evidence
presented.204 However, the LPSC is not entitled to deference in its interpretation of legislative statutes and judicial decisions.205 Also, when an LPSC order adopts an agreement (a joint proposal by LPSC Staff and a utility)
between a utility and the LPSC, the court cannot unjustifiably disregard the parties intentions or the plain language of the agreement to uphold the LPSCs later interpretation of the initial order, in contrast to the normal deference accorded to the
LPSCs interpretation of its own past orders.206

201See supra note 200.

202Louisiana Power & Light Co. v. LPSC, 237 So.2d 673, 675 (La. 1970).

203ELL, 221 So.3d at 805 (La. 2017) (citations omitted); Gordon v. Council of City of New Orleans, 9 So.3d 63, 72 (La. 2009) (Gordon); Global Tel* Link,
707 So.2d at 33-34; LP&L, 343 So.2d at 1044. See supra note 11, and compare supra note 194.

204Gordon, 9 So.3d at 72; Charles Hopkins DBA Old
River Water Company v. LPSC, 2010-0255, 41 So.3d 479 (La. 2010) (Old River); Washington St. Tammany
Electric Coop. v. LPSC, 959 So.2d 450, 455 (La. 2007); Eagle Water, Inc. v. LPSC, 947 So.2d 28, 33 (La. 2007); Voicestream,
943 So.2d 349, 358 (La. 2006); Entergy Gulf States, Inc. v. LPSC, 730 So.2d 890, 897 (La. 1999).

205Gordon, 9 So.3d at 72; Citgo Petroleum v. LPSC,
815 So.2d 19, 23 (La. 2002); Washington St. Tammany Electrical Coop. v. LPSC, 671 So.2d 908, 912 (La. 1996). Compare
supra note 14.

206Entergy Gulf States v. LPSC, 766 So.2d 521, 527 (La. 2000); Entergy Gulf States, Inc. v. LPSC, 730 So.2d 890, 897-98 (La. 1999).

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -52-

Despite this general deferential standard, the Louisiana Supreme Court has, in a series of decisions, demonstrated a willingness to overturn LPSC
actions that unreasonably impinge the property rights of third parties. These decisions have in large measure applied a general rule of reasonableness.207 As discussed below in detail, these decisions on reasonableness are influenced by
the consideration of whether an unconstitutional impairment or taking has occurred, but subsume the constitutional analysis into the concept of reasonableness. In part, this style of analysis derives from the jurisprudential balance regarding the
states police power, as the police power extends only to measures that are reasonable.208 Similarly, the concluding inquiry of the analysis of a Federal Contract Clause case under the Energy

Reserves test ends with the courts judgment as to the reasonableness of the governmental action. The Louisiana Supreme Courts apparent difference in language in its line of cases reviewing LPSC actions on appeal by emphasis on
unreasonableness in practice reflects, explicit or not, the fourth step of the Energy Reserves test as to whether the challenged legislation is based upon reasonable conditions and is of
appropriate character. Further, an exercise of the states police power does not justify an interference with constitutional rights which is entirely out of proportion to any benefit redounding to the public.209 Thus the
Louisiana Supreme Courts standard of review of LPSC actions incorporates the constitutional principles involved in the Contract Clause and Takings Clauses jurisprudence, regardless of whether the Courts opinion contains an express enumeration of the
traditional constitutional analysis.

207Global Tel* Link, 707 So.2d at 33 (an LPSC order is arbitrary and capricious only when the record
does not and could not reasonably support its findings); Old River, supra at note 204, at 5 (same); GSU, infra at note 222, at 1264 (unreasonable LPSC
order); Central Louisiana Electric Company v. Louisiana Public Service Commission, 373 So.2d 123, 132 (La. 1979) (same effect); Railway
Express Agency v. Louisiana Public Service Commission, 145 So.2d 18, 33 (La. 1962) (where the findings and conclusions of the LPSC do not conform to the law and are not supported by the evidence so that the order of the LPSC is unreasonable the court may reverse or vacate the LPSCs order). See also, Eagle Water, Inc. v. LPSC, 947 So.2d 28, 33 n.4 (La. 2007) (vacating LPSC order as arbitrary and capricious because record evidence necessary to support LPSCs decision was absent); Fanny Farms, LLC v. Plaquemines Parish Govt, 2023-0098 (La. App. 4th Cir. 11/21/2023), 377 So.3d 838, 844 (zoning order reviewed for taking claim as arbitrary and capricious; Capriciously can be defined as coming to a
decision on a subject when there is no substantial evidence to support it or it is contrary to the evidence given. Arbitrary would be defined as a disregard of evidence or the proper weight thereof.) (citations and quotation marks omitted).

208Morial v. Smith & Wesson Corp., 785 So.2d 1, 17-18 (La. 2001) (Morial). See supra notes 85 and 139.

209Morial, 785 So.2d at 15. CompareStandard Oil Co. of Louisiana v. LPSC, 97 So. 859, 864 (La. 1923) (in those extreme cases in which some fundamental right is invaded or denied, the courts may intervene to compel a recognition of
constitutional guarantees).

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -53-

An important case illustrating this combination of analyses is Louisiana Gas Service Co. v. LPSC.210 
The case arose out of a contract between the Town of Arcadia and a water company wherein the town asked the water company to construct facilities for industry the town was trying to attract. The water company and the town then jointly applied for and
received from the LPSC an increase in the water rates charged to the citizens of the town, as such increase was needed to finance the new construction. Subsequently, however, some residents of the town complained, and the town went back to the LPSC
and requested that the rates be lowered. The LPSC lowered the rates, and the water company appealed. The Louisiana Supreme Court, in the first instance, found that the town had breached its contract with the water company. Then, the Louisiana
Supreme Court went on to address the LPSCs order:

We are cognizant that under its powers . . . the [LPSC] was not inhibited from acting in the public interest; it was not bound by
the contract between the Water Company and the Town of Arcadia. However, the Commissions action in reducing the water rates to be paid by the citizens of the Town of Arcadia provoked at the instance of some citizens and causing the violation of the obligation of contract was unreasonable and is subject to reversal.

* * * * *

The final order of the Commission . . . had the effect of bringing about an annual loss of $13,500.00 to the Water Company . . . . 
The Water Company was precluded from securing the minimum $28,500.00 additional revenue required after it had expended and parted with $116,000.00 for expansion. We find that the final action of the [LPSC] was unreasonable and arbitrary and constituted an abuse of power
subject to reversal by the court.211

The Louisiana Supreme Court expressly noted in Louisiana Gas Service that the present suit
is not in a real sense a rate case . . . . Here, we are concerned with a contractual obligation, and a determination must be made as to whether such obligation was impaired, and if so whether it could have been impaired.212 The
Louisiana Supreme Courts analysis in Louisiana Gas Service initially begins with the Louisiana Contract Clause (under the Louisiana Constitution of 1921) and the well-recognized principle
that the rate-making power, whether exercised by agreement or by the fiat of law, is within the police power of the state as one of the states highest attributes of sovereignty, and that this power can never be abridged nor irrevocably surrendered
where there is, as in this state, constitutional inhibition.213 Nonetheless, [t]hough the obligation of contracts must yield to the proper exercise of the police power, and vested [contract] rights cannot inhibit the proper exertion of
the power, it must be exercised for an end which is in fact public and the means adopted must be reasonably adapted to the accomplishment of that end and must not be arbitrary or oppressive.214 The Louisiana Supreme Court expressly found
that the contract existed and was impaired. Nonetheless, as noted above, the Louisiana Supreme Courts ultimate holding in vacating the LPSCs order was based on the conclusion that the LPSCs action in reducing rates was unreasonable.

210 162 So.2d 555 (La. 1964) (Louisiana Gas Service).

211Louisiana Gas Service, 162 So.2d at 564 (citations omitted) (emphasis added).

212Louisiana Gas Service, 162 So.2d at 562.

213Id. at 563 (citations omitted). See supra notes 19 and 134.

214Louisiana Gas Service, 162 So.2d at 563.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -54-

The Louisiana Supreme Court took the same approach of merging the constitutional analysis into the reasonableness analysis under the judicial review of
LPSC orders in Conoco, Inc. v. LPSC.215 In Conoco, an oil company helped to finance the construction of a pipeline in
return for the pipeline companys promise that the oil company, as a shipper on the pipeline, would be charged a set fee. The LPSC, however, ordered that the oil company pay a fee higher than the agreed-upon fee, namely the same fee charged to all
other oil companies who used the pipeline. The oil company appealed the order.

The Louisiana Supreme Court began by noting that any person entering into contracts with a public utility is subject to the uncertainty of regulatory
authority, and specifically noted that Louisianas constitutional prohibition against the impairment of contracts does not vary this precept.216 However, the Louisiana Supreme Court went on, citing the Louisiana Takings, Contract, and Due
Process Clauses, to opine that just because the LPSC had the authority to fix the pipeline fees does not mean the [LPSC] is free to change the rates without carefully considering whether such a change deprives Conoco of due process and whether such a
change is necessary to promote public good.217 Thus, the Louisiana Supreme Court held that [a] valid contract cannot be modified by the [LPSC] without a clear finding that the abrogation is exercised for a public end and is reasonably
necessary to the accomplishment of that end.218 As the LPSC had not made the required findings, the Louisiana Supreme Court reversed and remanded.

215 520 So.2d 404 (La. 1988) (Conoco).

216Id. at 407.

217Id. at 408.

218Conoco, 520 So.2d. at 409.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -55-

The Louisiana Supreme Court framed the ratemaking case in Conoco as presenting two
issues: first, whether the contract is impaired by the tariff, and second, if the contract is impaired, should the contract yield to the LPSCs order, presenting a conflict between the police power of the State to regulate public utilities and the
constitutional restrictions against the impairment of obligations. Although contractual obligations must yield to the ratemaking power of the State when the public interest requires it, the constitutional restrictions against the impairment of
obligations require that contracts not be abrogated without careful consideration of all the circumstances and a clear showing that the public interest requires it. The ratemaking power should yield to valid contracts whenever that is possible and
consistent with the public good.219The Louisiana Supreme Courts concluding analysis again returned to the reasonableness standard:

Nevertheless, the fact that contracts may be adjusted in appropriate circumstances does not mean that it is always proper to do so. 
Though the obligations of contracts must yield to a proper exercise of the police power, that power must be exercised for an end which is in fact public, and the means must be reasonably adapted to the accomplishment of that end and must not be
arbitrary or oppressive. Moreover, the [LPSCs] power and authority to fix rates is limited always by due process concerns. Property, including obligations under valid contracts, cannot be taken without due process. . . . [The LPSCs] rationale has some merit to it, but unfortunately it is flawed because it leaves out a crucial component of the calculation. That component is Conocos constitutional rights to its property and right not to have its contract impaired absent necessity. . . . [W]e also hold the rate-making aspect of the police power is limited by restrictions against impairing contracts. A valid contract cannot be modified by the [LPSC] without a clear finding that the abrogation is exercised for a public end and is reasonably necessary to the accomplishment of that end. In the case at hand, we find that the [LPSC] failed to consider whether [the oil company] has received just compensation for its role in constructing the pipeline.220

The Louisiana Supreme Courts holding was to vacate the LPSCs order because the LPSC acted unreasonably and arbitrarily, under the standard that there was an absence of a
clear finding by the LPSC that the abrogation of Conocos contract was exercised for public end and was reasonably necessary to the accomplishment of that end.221

219Conoco, 520 So.2d at 407.

220Id. at 408-409 (emphasis added).

221Id. at 409.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -56-

In Gulf States Utilities Company v. Louisiana Public Service Commission,222the

Court summarized its impairment of contract jurisprudence as applied to the LPSCs ratemaking powers. In a ratemaking case, a utilitys fuel adjustment clause was modified. The Louisiana Supreme Court began by noting that the LPSCs constitutional
jurisdiction affords broad, independent and regulatory powers over public utilities. Citing Conoco and Louisiana Gas Service, the
proper exercise of police power was presented as the power to regulate reasonably the actions of its citizens in order to protect or promote the public welfare. Contracts may not be abrogated by the exercise of police power unless it is for public end
and the result is reasonably adapted to that end with careful consideration of all circumstances and a clear showing that the public interest requires such abrogation. Finally, the means by which a contract is impaired pursuant to state powers must
not be arbitrary, unreasonable or oppressive.223 In reinstating the modification order by the LPSC, the Louisiana Supreme Court distinguished Louisiana Gas Service as vastly
different:

In that case the [LPSC] approved new rates which were expressly designed to provide revenues for specific capital improvement that
the parties then constructed in reliance on the revenues. The LPSCs subsequent disallowance of the rate increase constituted detriment to the parties and was an arbitrary and unreasonableabuse of power.224

We particularly note that the Louisiana Supreme Court, although it expressly decided Conoco
in light of the Louisiana Contract Clause, did not give the LPSC order under review the extreme deference that the precedents suggest is owed to the governments action when a Federal or Louisiana Contract Clause claim is adjudicated. Rather, Conoco sets forth a heavy burden for the LPSC to meet in entering orders that modify (not substantially impair)
contractual obligations. When Conoco is read in tandem with Louisiana Gas Service, the resulting principle is that in the narrow
context of judicial review of LPSC orders, property rights and related constitutional protections are incorporated into the reasonableness review of the courts, rather than analyzed in light of the particular limitations of the separate and distinct
claims for constitutional violations. Again, federal and state court jurisprudence under the Federal Contract Clause and the Louisiana Contract Clause asks only whether the challenged legislature action is appropriate and reasonable.

222 633 So.2d 1258 (La. 1994) (GSU).

223GSU, 633 So.2d at 1258-59 (citations omitted).

224GSU, 633 So.2d at 1264 (emphasis added).

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -57-

Subsequently, the Louisiana Supreme Court applied this principle in Bowie v. LPSC.225Bowie involved the application of an LPSC rule, which restricted the merger by or transfer of assets of a utility, to a transfer of stock in the utility. The Louisiana Supreme Court, after
finding that the subject matter of the rule fell within the constitutional jurisdiction of the LPSC to regulate utilities, nonetheless interpreted the rule more narrowly than had the LPSC, and based upon this interpretation found it inapplicable to the
case before the bar. The Louisiana Supreme Court cited two reasons for declining to defer to the LPSCs construction of its own rule: First, because the [LPSC]s action infringes to some extent upon the stock owners rights to contract and to
dispose of their private property, the rule must be strictly construed and only applications plainly warranted by its language may be made; and [s]econd, even if the rules could be interpreted to apply to transfers of closely held corporate stock,
under the circumstances of the present case the [LPSC]s orders depriving such persons of the right to dispose of private property would constitute arbitrary action and a violation of the guarantees of due process.226

Thus Bowie, like Louisiana Gas Service
and Conoco, clearly states that protection of private property, due process, and similar constitutional concerns are part of the judicial review process where LPSC orders are concerned. More
importantly, Bowie is a demonstration that the deference accorded legislative pronouncements under Federal and Louisiana Contract Clause analyses has not been applied by the Louisiana Supreme
Court on direct review of an LPSC action.

The LPSC acknowledges in Ordering Paragraph 52 of the Financing Order that it would be unreasonable, arbitrary, and capricious for the LPSC to take any
action contrary to the covenant and pledge set forth in the Financing Order after issuance of the Bonds.

Conclusion and Opinions

The outcome of any claim that an otherwise proper exercise by the State of Louisianas police power that interferes with the value of the Energy
Transition Property is an unconstitutional impairment or taking and is unreasonable, arbitrary, capricious, and an abuse of authority would likely depend on multiple factors, such as the state interest furthered by that interference, the extent of
financial loss to Bondholders caused by that interference, and the extent to which courts would consider that Bondholders had a reasonable expectation that changes in government policy, statutes and orders would not interfere with their investment. In
our view, the most important determination will be whether the reserved powers doctrine invalidates the Pledges.227 The State having intended to bind itself irrevocably for the term of the Bonds by the Pledges, was it valid for the State to
do so?

225 627 So.2d 164 (La. 1993), supra note 6.

226Bowie, 627 So.2d at 169.

227 Louisiana is not unique in this regard. The reserved powers doctrine is equally critical to this issue regarding subsequent action by a state legislature
harmful to securitization transactions in other states. The Financing Order provides in Conclusions of Law Paragraph 4 that the LPSC has authority to approve the Financing Order under the Securitization Act and the LPSCs constitutional plenary power.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -58-

Reserved Powers Doctrine

The reserved powers doctrine as applied to the Pledges and the Transaction requires an initial inquiry concerning the ability of the State of Louisiana
(through the Legislature and the LPSC) to enter into agreements that limit its power to act in the future. The reserved powers doctrine has long established that a state is without power to enter into binding contracts forbidding the exercise of its
police power in the future.228 It has also been long recognized that attempts to define the police power have been unsuccessful, and that it is not always easy to tell on which side of the line separating contracts that relate to property
rights protected by the Constitution from those not so protected a particular case is to be put.229 Nonetheless, while the scope of these reserved powers has not been precisely defined by the courts, as a general proposition it
is undeniable that the States utility ratemaking power is within the reserved police power.230 The historical application of the reserved powers doctrine attempted a distinction among the powers of the State the police power and the
power of eminent domain could not be contracted away, but the State could bind itself in the future non-exercise of the taxing and spending powers.231 The core nature of the police power as applied to contracts of a sort themselves
injurious to public morals or public safety or health, such as prohibitions of lotteries, liquor sales and unsafe commercial operations, admittedly are not implicated by the Transaction. Even though the Pledges are arguably broader than the commitment
in U.S. Trust that revenues and reserves securing bonds would not be depleted beyond a certain level, the Pledges certainly cannot be construed to contract away any power to regulate health
or safety matters pertaining to the transmission of electricity. But the Supreme Court in Blaisdell expressly recognized that the reserved police power extends to economic matters, and cited
the States legislative power to regulate, and thus to modify, utility rates as an illustration.232

228U.S. Trust, 431 U.S. at 23-24; Melendezsupra note 89, 16 F.4th at 1020-21 (2d Cir. 10/28/2021) (discussing history of cases); United Healthcare Ins. Co. v. Davis,
602 F.3d 618 at n.7 (5th Cir. (La. ) 2010); State ex rel. Porterie v. Walmsley, 162 So. 826, 837 (La. 1935). See supra
pages 26-27, 31-32, and 39-40.

229Stone v. Mississippi, 101 U.S. 814, at 818, 820-21 (1879); seeMatsuda v. City and County of Honolulu, 512 F.3d 1148 (9th Cir. 2008).

230Supra notes 132-134. CompareIn re Halo Wireless, Inc., 684 F.3d 581 (5th Cir. 2012) (state public utility proceedings are within the exception to the bankruptcy automatic stay for governmental
units enforcing the states police and regulatory power).

231U.S. Trust, 431 U.S. at 24 (a states power to enter into effective financial contracts cannot
be questioned). CompareStone v. Mississippi, 101 U.S. 814, 817-18 (1880) (state cannot contract away its police
powers); West River Bridge Co. v. Dix, 47 U.S. 507, 532-33 (1848) (state cannot contract away its power of eminent domain);cf.Coleman v. Chevron Pipe Line Co., 673 So.2d 291, 295-96 (La. App. 4th Cir. 1996) (power to expropriate, vested
in private corporations serving a public purpose, cannot be contracted away); Tennessee Gas Transmission Co. v. Violet Trapping Co., 200 So.2d 428, 433 (La. App. 4th Cir.), writ refused, 203 So.2d 86 (La. 1967) (same). See supra note 106 and infra note 245.

232Blaisdell, 290 U.S. at 438.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -59-

Ultimately, the Supreme Court has acknowledged that formalistic distinctions as to the nature of the states power being exercised are not
dispositive, but they contain an element of truth.233 The issue is not the States reserved power to regulate (change) ordinary utility rates generally, but rather the possible future claim by the State of the police power to
regulate (adversely change) the Transaction (including such aspects as the specific dedicated charges and the true-up mechanism) without compensation.234 It is difficult to predict in advance a circumstance involving an
impairment of the Pledges that involves the States ability to legislate for the general public welfare or morals or to preserve health and safety, as opposed to an impairment justified by a future economic exigency within the State of Louisiana.235
Thus the subject matter here is financial, albeit not the States own debt. In our view, the financial nature of the commitments by the State (including the LPSC) should be the determining factor in the analysis under the reserved powers doctrine, not
the nature of the entity that is the debt obligor. The goal (end) of any State action violating the Pledges will be the critical aspect to be tested. By analogy, purely financial obligations of a state do not fall within the reserved powers doctrine,
and thus are subject to the Federal Contract Clause.236 In the same way, for consideration a state may, in the exercise of reasonable discretion, surrender a part of the states power of taxation.237

233U.S. Trust, 431 U.S. at 24.

234Lipscomb, 269 F.3d at 504; United Gas Corp. v
City of Monroe, 109 So.2d 433 (La. 1958) (contract upheld between city and utility, but remains subject to legislatures police power).

235 The Federal Contract Clause jurisprudence provides that an impairment in response to an economic emergency must be a reasonable and specific response to the
conditions, justifiable by a significant and legitimate public purpose dealing with a broad, generalized economic problem. Energy Reserves, 459 U.S. at 411; Allied Structural, 438 U.S. at 250; see supra notes 91-92; Treigle v. Acme Homestead Assn,
297 U.S. 189 (1936) (Louisiana law that modified the existing withdrawal rights of the members of a building and loan association held invalid under the Federal Contract Clause); W. B. Worthen Co. v.
Kavanaugh, 295 U.S. 56 (1935) (W. B. Worthen); Blaisdell, 290 U.S. at 426. In Treigle and W. B. Worthen, the Supreme Court struck down other laws passed in response to the Great Depressions economic emergency,
contemporaneously to upholding the law in Blaisdell. In W. B. Worthen, the United States Supreme Court reversed the decision of
the Arkansas Supreme Court upholding the validity of legislative enactments (accompanied by a legislative declaration of an emergency) which the United States Supreme Court viewed as taking from the mortgage [securing bonds issued by municipal
improvement districts pursuant to state law] the quality of an acceptable investment for a rational investor by making it much more difficult and time consuming to foreclose upon the collateral posted as security for the mortgage. 295 U.S. at 60. It
cannot be known at present what emergency, if any, may exist at the time of a future State action violating the Pledges. For example, Executive Order dated March 13, 2020, issued by the executive secretary of the LPSC (later ratified by orders of the
LPSC and expanded to prohibit late fees, LPSC Special Orders 22-2020 and 28-2020) established an emergency suspension of disconnection of customers of LPSC-jurisdictional public utilities for non-payment of service in response to the COVID-19
pandemic. This moratorium on disconnections continued until July 16, 2020. LPSC Order 43-2020, issued July 1, 2020. On the other hand, as the Supreme Court has clarified, the existence of an emergency and the limited duration of a relief measure 
cannot be regarded as essential in every case. U.S. Trust, 431 U.S. at 23 n.19, quoted in Los Angeles, supra note 91, 10 F.4th at 916 (rejecting Federal Contract Clause claim challenging COVID-19 pandemic eviction moratoriums restrictions on the grounds for eviction, rent deferment,
and elimination of late fees and interest). Compare supra note 29 (emergency exception to Federal Takings Clause) andsupra notes 63, 81, and 96 (Federal Contract Clause and emergencies) andHeights Apartments, LLC v. Walz, 30 F.4th 720, 730 (8th Cir. 04/05/2022), rehearing en banc denied, 2022 U.S. App. LEXIS
16863 (emphasizing that challenged executive orders mandating COVID-19 eviction moratorium had no definite termination dates).

236Lipscomb, 269 F.3d at 505, 512 [[p]urely financial obligations do not surrender aspects of the
States sovereignty, and thus are subject to the Contract Clause). The ability to create financial inducements to encourage investment in the state is a valid exercise, not a surrender, of the States police power. See Lipscomb, 269 F.3d at 512 (although renewable forever leases of state school lands eventually resulted in nominal rents, State's offer of such leases did not-surrender an essential attribute of State
sovereignty but instead served the public interest by bringing in rental income and encourage[ing] development that allowed the imposition of property taxes for the benefit of schools); Local Div.
589, Amalgamated Transit Union v. Massachusetts, 666 F.2d 618, 642 (1st Cir. 1981) (per curiam) (describing U.S. Trust as presenting a paradigm of the type of protection that
the Contract Clause was designed to offer a protection given to those who invested money, time and effort against loss of their investment through explicit repudiation). The United States Supreme Court has recognized that [w]hatever the propriety
of a States binding itself to a future course of conduct in other contexts, the power to enter into effective financial contracts cannot be questioned. U.S. Trust, 431 U.S. at 24. See supra notes 106 and 231. As noted by the Supreme Court, [i]n almost every case, the Court has held a government unit to its contractual obligations when it enters financial or
other markets. Energy Reserves, 459 U.S. at 412 n.14 (citing U.S. Trust, 431 U.S. at 25-28; W. B. Worthen, 295 U.S. 56 (1935); and Murray v. Charleston, 96 U.S. 432 (1878)). In W. B. Worthen,
discussed supra note 235, the United States Supreme Court reversed a decision of the Arkansas Supreme Court upholding the validity of legislative enactments affecting bonds
mortgages which were accompanied by a legislative declaration of an emergency, which was stated to endanger the peace, health and safety of a multitude of citizens. In Murray, the United
States Supreme Court reversed a judgment of the Supreme Court of South Carolina upholding an ordinance of the City of Charleston which permitted the City to withhold, as a tax, a portion of the interest that was otherwise payable with respect to bonds
issued by the City. This tax was held to violate the Federal Contract Clause: no municipality of a State can, by its own ordinances, under the guise of taxation, relieve itself from performing to the letter all that it has expressly promised to
its creditors. 96 U.S. at 448.

237Stone v. Mississippi, 101 U.S. 814, 820 (1879); Von

Hoffman v. City of Quincy, 71 U.S. 535, 542, 553-55 (1866) (rejecting defense of law under reserved powers doctrine that repealed laws in force when bonds were issued that authorized and required the collection of taxes sufficient in
amount to meet debt service; finding statutory covenant to exercise municipal taxation power to fund repayment of bonds created an enforceable obligation protected by the Federal Contract Clause; and finding constitutional impairment by also rejecting
the use of the characterization of the covenant to increase taxes as a mere remedy and therefore not part of the core contractual bargain). By example, in Liter v. City of Baton Rouge, 245
So.2d 398 (La. 1971), the constitutionality of sales and use taxes by a political subdivision (city) was challenged on the basis that the language of the taxing authority granted to the political subdivision was so plenary and extraordinary as to be
equivalent to the surrender and abandonment of the Legislatures taxing power. The Louisiana Supreme Court held that the grant was a permissible delegation. It was then further urged by the challengers that the statute was unconstitutional as
amounting to a surrender of the Legislatures taxing power because the statute authorized the funding of the sales tax revenues into bonds, and that when they are so funded they cannot be modified or reduced. The statute declared that, when the
obligations payable from the sales tax revenues shall have been issued, the statute and the ordinance or resolution imposing the tax shall be irrevocable until such obligations shall have been paid in full and shall not be subject to amendment in any
manner which would impair or jeopardize the rights of the holders. It was argued that these provisions amounted to an impermissible surrender of the taxing power. The Louisiana Supreme Court rejected this argument: We are of the opinion that pledge
of taxes for a limited time does not amount to a surrender of the taxing power as that term is used in the constitution. Of course, if the irrevocability were unlimited or the period is so long to make it virtually unlimited, then it is conceivable
that such an enactment might be held to constitute at least a partial surrender of the taxing power. That situation is, however, not presented here. Id. at 405. CompareState et rel. Porterie v. Walmsley, 162 So.826, 839 and 864 (La. 1935) (special tax supporting payment of bonds).

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -60-

Indeed, the ratemaking power is not a state power whose future action must always be unfettered by prior state actions. As an example, the LPSC has
full authority to fix a rate subject to an automatic revision dependent upon a future event.238 Moreover, the prohibition against retroactive ratemaking is another example of a limitation on future LPSC action attempting to change a prior
LPSC ratemaking order. It is a fundamental doctrine that utility rates are exclusively prospective in application. One result of this doctrine is that the LPSC may not order a rate increase that is retroactive so as to contravene a prior ratemaking
order, in order to recoup prior utility losses.239 Of greater applicability to our analysis, prohibited retroactive ratemaking also occurs when a utility is required to refund revenues collected pursuant to its lawfully established rates. 
A utility is entitled to rely on a final ratemaking order, and the revenues collected under the lawfully imposed rates become the property of the utility and cannot rightfully be made the subject of a refund.240 Of course, normally the
utilitys reliance on the final ratemaking order is limited until a new rate in lieu thereof is fixed by the LPSC for prospective effectiveness;241 normal ratemaking orders do not contain provisions akin to the LPSC Pledge in the Financing
Order.

The critical questions thus become whether the LPSC has the inherent power to irrevocably agree that it will not modify a rate for a specified period of
time (more precisely, that it will not modify its pledge to automatically adjust the Energy Transition Charges periodically to fully service the Bonds), and whether the Legislature has the power to further authorize that action (as it does in the
Securitization Act).242 In the Transaction, the LPSC has clearly expressed its intent in the Financing Order to do so; the question is whether that action is permissible under the reserved powers doctrine. One factor impacting this
question is that the Financing Order is in response to significant economic forces affecting coal-fired electric generation and the need to mitigate the impact on the Utilitys rates from the recovery of the Utilitys LPSC-approved energy transition
costs, and the Securitization Act, including its authorization of the Pledges, was in response to the historic shift in electric generation sources driven by the climate change crisis. Thus, the Pledges can be viewed as an expression of the States
police power. Every ratemaking order inherently surrenders some reserved power, due to the prohibition on retroactive ratemaking. An express agreement by the LPSC to make the Energy Transition Charges and the Financing Order irrevocable for a period
of time to induce investors to provide lower cost financing rationally promotes the core police power of obtaining reasonably reliable electric service at the lowest reasonable cost for Louisiana ratepayers.

238United Gas Pipe Line Company v. LPSC, 164 So.2d 343, 332 (La. 1964).

239SCB, supra note 195,
555 So.2d at 1374.

240Opelousas, supra note
4, 105 So.2d at 38; Entergy Gulf States, Inc. v. LPSC, 730 So.2d 890, 920 (La. 1999).

241Id. (Entergy Gulf)

242See supra notes 18, 132-134.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -61-

The Pledges plainly manifest the intent of the Louisiana Legislature and the LPSC, respectively, to bind the State. One distinguishing factor weighing
against the Bondholders is that the Bonds are being issued by a private entity and are not payable by the State or an agency, board or commission of the State or a political subdivision, while in many of the cited cases, such as U.S. Trust, the bonds at issue were issued by a state agency, authority or similar state entity. The Bondholders do not hold public debt, and the government will not be repudiating its own debt. 
However, the Securitization Act mandates that Energy Transition Property, being used to pay and secure the Bonds, can only be created pursuant to a Financing Order issued by the LPSC a governmental agency pursuant to the express provisions of the
Securitization Act an enactment of the sovereign Louisiana Legislature.243 The issuance of the Pledges and of the Financing Order clearly rests on authority of the State and thus the issuance of the Bonds is state-sanctioned in a manner
closely analogous to the situation in U.S. Trust.

In our view, the Legislative Pledge and the LPSC Pledge are clearly an inducement offered by the State to investors to purchase the Bonds. In other
words, the Pledges constitute an agreement by the State not to reduce or otherwise impair the Energy Transition Charges that will fund repayment of and provide the financial security for the Bonds, in order to foster the capital markets acceptance of
such Bonds at a significantly lower interest rate for the benefit of its citizens/ratepayers. As such, we believe the Pledges are analogous to the type of financial contract involved in U.S. Trust,
a promise that revenues and reserves securing the bonds at issue there would not be depleted beyond a certain level. As stated above on page 65, the financial nature of the Pledges is more important than the distinction between private and public debt
obligor. Ultimately, the courts must consider the Bondholders reasonable expectations with respect to changes in the law. The foreseeability of the change in the law is of great, and perhaps controlling, importance in Contract Clauses analysis.244 
The strong history of state regulation of utility rates is not sufficient to justify voiding the Pledges under the reserved powers doctrine when the state action leaves the private party to the impaired contract without the gains it reasonably expected
from the contract.245 The Pledges are strongly worded statements specifically crafted to forestall an expectation of change in the law that would interfere with the collection of the Energy Transition Charges. The Securitization
Act and the Financing Order invoke the term irrevocable. The ratemaking aspect of the police power is limited by constitutional restrictions against impairing contracts.246

243See supra note 72.

244Chrysler Corp. v. Kolosso Auto Sales, Inc., 148 F.3d 892, 894 (7th Cir. 1998).

245Lipscomb, 269 F.3d at 504; Chrysler,
148 F.3d at 895.

246Conoco, 520 So.2d at 409.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -62-

Opinions

In our opinion, subject to all of the qualifications, limitations and assumptions set forth in this Opinion, the Pledges do not constitute an
impermissible attempt to contract away the police power of the State of Louisiana, and will not be disregarded under the reserved powers doctrine so as to preclude a reviewing court of competent jurisdiction from holding that violation of the terms
of the Pledges, in applicable factual circumstances, is reversible by the courts.

Legislative Pledge

Further, it is our opinion that the Legislative Pledge by the Louisiana Legislature not to take any action that impairs the value of the Energy
Transition Property or alter the pertinent provisions of the Securitization Act unambiguously indicates the States intent to be bound with the Bondholders and, subject to all of the qualifications, limitations and assumptions set forth in this
Opinion, supports the conclusion that the Legislative Pledge constitutes a binding contractual relationship between the State and the Bondholders for purposes of the Federal and Louisiana Contract Clauses. In our opinion, subject to all of the
qualifications, limitations and assumptions set forth in this Opinion (including the assumption that any impairment be substantial), a reviewing court of competent jurisdiction would hold that the State of Louisiana could not constitutionally repeal
or amend the Securitization Act or take any other action contravening the Legislative Pledge and creating an impairment (without, as the Securitization Act requires, providing full compensation by law for the full protection of the Energy Transition
Charges to be collected pursuant to the Financing Order and full protection of the Bondholders), unless such court would determine that such impairment clearly is a reasonable and necessary exercise of the State of Louisianas sovereign powers based
upon reasonable conditions and of a character reasonable and appropriate to the emergency or other significant and legitimate public purpose justifying such action, and that an evident and more moderate course would not serve the States purposes
equally well.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -63-

Takings Clauses

Furthermore, it is our opinion, subject to all of the qualifications, limitations and assumptions set forth in this Opinion, that a reviewing court of
competent jurisdiction would hold, if it concludes that the Energy Transition Property is protected by the Takings Clauses, that the State would be required to pay just compensation to Bondholders, as determined by such court, if the Louisiana
Legislature repealed or amended the Securitization Act or took any other action contravening the Legislative Pledge, if the court determines doing so constituted a permanent appropriation of a substantial property interest of the Bondholders in the
Energy Transition Property and deprived the Bondholders of their reasonable expectations arising from their investments in the Bonds. As previously noted, takings of financial interests can be particularly difficult to establish in a manner that
distinguishes them from constitutionally permissible economic regulation. There is no assurance, however, that any such award of compensation would be sufficient to pay the full amount of principal of and interest on the Bonds.

LPSC Pledge

Further, it is our opinion, subject to all of the qualifications, limitations and assumptions (including the assumption that any impairment would be
substantial) set forth in this Opinion, that a Louisiana state court reviewing an appeal of LPSC action of a legislative character would conclude that the LPSC Pledge (i) creates a binding contractual obligation of the State of Louisiana for purposes
of the Federal Contract Clause and the Louisiana Contract Clause and (ii) provides a basis upon which the Bondholders could challenge successfully on appeal any such action by the LPSC of a legislative character, including the rescission or amendment
of the Financing Order, that such court determines violates the LPSC Pledge in a manner that substantially reduces, limits or impairs the value of the Energy Transition Property including the Energy Transition Charges, prior to the time that the Bonds
are fully paid and discharged, unless there is a judicial finding that the LPSC action clearly is exercised for a public end and is reasonably necessary to the accomplishment of that public end so as not to be arbitrary, capricious or an abuse of
authority.

Securitization Act

It is our opinion that the Securitization Act is constitutional in all material respects under the United States Constitution. Furthermore, as stated
previously on page 69, it is also our opinion, subject to all of the qualifications, limitations and assumptions set forth in this Opinion, that the Legislative Pledge, and the Legislatures supplemental grant of power to the LPSC247 to make
the Financing Order irrevocable, contained in the Securitization Act do not constitute an impermissible attempt to contract away the police power of the State of Louisiana, and will not be disregarded under the reserved powers doctrine, and that the
Securitization Act is constitutional in all material respects under the Louisiana Constitution.

247See supra note 10.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -64-

General Matters

The opinions expressed above do not constitute a prediction or guaranty of the outcome of any particular litigation, and there can be no assurance that
an action will not be brought in federal or state court challenging the provisions of the Securitization Act or the Financing Order relating to the Bonds. Moreover, the foregoing opinions should not be construed to imply assurance that a repeal of or
amendment to the Securitization Act or the Financing Order will not be sought or enacted or adopted, or that any other action by the State of Louisiana (including the Louisiana Legislature or the LPSC) will not occur, any of which might constitute a
violation of the Pledges. Furthermore, the conclusions set forth herein are normally decided in the context of a litigated proceeding. Given the absence of judicial precedent directly on point, and the relative novelty of the security for the
Bondholders, the outcome of any litigation cannot be predicted with certainty. In the event of any State (including LPSC) action of a legislative character which adversely impacts the rights of the Bondholders, time-consuming and costly litigation may
ensue, adversely affecting, at least temporarily, the price and liquidity of the Bonds.

We emphasize that judicial analysis of issues relating to LPSC orders and to the Federal Contract Clause, the Federal Takings Clause, the Louisiana
Contract Clause, and the Louisiana Takings Clause, and the retroactive effect to be given to judicial decisions, has typically proceeded on a case-by-case basis and that the courts determinations, in most instances, are usually strongly influenced by
the facts and circumstances of the particular case.248 We are not aware of any reported controlling judicial precedents directly on point with respect to the issues and questions raised above. Our analysis is necessarily a reasoned
application of judicial decisions involving similar or analogous circumstances. Moreover, the application of equitable principles (including the availability of injunctive relief or the issuance of a stay pending appeal) is subject to the discretion
of the court which is asked to apply them. We cannot predict the facts and circumstances which will be present in the future and may be relevant to the exercise of such discretion. The foregoing opinions are based upon our evaluation of existing
judicial decisions and arguments related to the factual circumstances likely to exist at the time of a Federal Contract Clause, Federal Takings Clause, Louisiana Contract Clause, or Louisiana Takings Clause challenge to a law passed by the Legislature,
or a challenge on similar grounds coupled with a challenge as arbitrary and capricious to a supplemental order adopted by the LPSC; such precedents and such circumstances could change materially from those discussed above in this Opinion. 
Consequently, there can be no assurance that a court will follow our reasoning or reach the conclusions that we believe current judicial precedent supports. A trial or appellate court could reach a different conclusion that would not necessarily be
reversible error. Accordingly, the opinions herein are intended to express our belief as to the result that should be obtainable through the proper application of existing judicial decisions in a properly prepared and presented case. It is our and
your understanding that none of the foregoing opinions (whether expressed as our opinion or view or as we believe, or other words of similar effect) is intended to be a prediction or guaranty as to what a particular court would actually hold nor
a recommendation as to the forum or form of relief to seek; rather each such opinion is an expression as to the decision a court ought to reach, in a properly prepared and presented case, relying on the facts on which we have relied and giving them
proper weight and authority, and properly applying the law and what we believe to be the applicable legal principles under the existing judicial precedents. The recipients of this opinion letter should take these considerations into account in
analyzing the risks associated with the subject Transaction. We also make no determination whether or not this Opinion is sufficient for your purposes.

248Blaisdell, supra note 86,
290 U.S. at 430 (Every case must be determined on its own circumstances); Buffalo Teachers Federation v. Tobe, 464 F.3d 362, 373 and 375 (2d Cir. 2006) (Contract Clause cases involve
individual inquiries, for no two cases are alike, and Takings Clause analysis requires an intensive ad hoc inquiry into the circumstances of each particular case).

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -65-

Both the Securitization Act and the Financing Order permit the limitation or alteration by the LPSC of the Financing Order and the
Energy Transition Charges if and when full compensation is made for the full protection of the Energy Transition Charges and the full protection of the holders of the Bonds and any assignee or financing party.

We are members of the Bar of the State of Louisiana, and express no opinion as to matters which may be governed by the laws of any jurisdiction other
than Louisiana and the federal laws of the United States of America.

The opinions contained herein are given only as of the date of this opinion letter. No opinion is expressed herein as to the effect of any future acts
of the parties or changes in existing law. We undertake no responsibility and disclaim any obligation to supplement this Opinion or otherwise advise you or any other person of any change after the date hereof in the law (whether constitutional,
statutory, regulatory, or judicial) or the facts presently in effect or assumed herein, even though such change may alter the scope or substance of the opinions herein expressed or affect the legal or factual statements or assumptions herein. We shall
have no obligation to revise or reissue this Opinion with respect to any transaction which occurs after the date hereof, and we undertake no responsibility or obligation to consider this Opinions applicability or correctness to any person other than
its addressees. This letter expresses our legal opinion as to the foregoing matters based on our professional judgment at this time; it is not, however, to be construed as a guaranty, nor is it a warranty that a court considering such matters would
not rule in a manner contrary to the opinions set forth above.

To the Parties Listed on

Schedule 1 Attached Hereto

March 12, 2025

Page -66-

This opinion letter is furnished to you solely for your benefit in connection with the issuance of the Bonds and may be relied upon only by you, and is
not to be used, circulated, quoted, relied upon or otherwise referred to for any other purpose or by any other person (including, without limitation, any person who acquires a Bond or any interest therein from an Underwriter) without our prior express
written permission, except that a copy of this opinion letter may be posted by, or at the direction of, the Issuer or an addressee to an internet website required under Rule 17g-5 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and
maintained in connection with the ratings on the Bonds solely for the purpose of compliance with such rule or undertakings pursuant thereto made by the Issuer. Such permission to post a copy of this opinion letter to such website shall not be
construed to entitle any person (including, without limitation, any credit rating agency, any governmental or regulatory agency and all purchasers of the Bonds other than the underwriter(s) named in Schedule II of the Underwriting Agreement dated March
5, 2025, by and among the Issuer, Cleco Power, and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., each as Representative) who is not an addressee hereof to rely on this opinion letter.

Yours very truly,

/s/ Phelps Dunbar, L.L.P.

Schedule I

S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc.

Attention: Asset Backed Surveillance Department

55 Water Street, 41st Floor

New York, New York 10041

Moodys Investors Service, Inc.

Attention: ABS Monitoring Department

7 World Trade Center

250 Greenwich Street

New York, New York 10007

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as Representative

383 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10017

SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., as Representative

277 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10172

The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee

Attention: Corporate Trust

2 North LaSalle Street, Suite 700

Chicago, Illinois 60602

Louisiana Public Service Commission

602 North Fifth Street

Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70821
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>cnl-20250312.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>cnl-20250312_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>cnl-20250312_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entities [Table] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Entity [Domain] 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Cleco Securitization II LLC [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>cnl-20250312_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 12, 2025

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 12, 2025

Entity File Number 1-05663

Entity Registrant Name CLECO POWER LLC

Entity Central Index Key 0000018672

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code LA

Entity Tax Identification Number 72-0244480

Entity Address, Address Line One 2030 Donahue Ferry Road

Entity Address, City or Town Pineville

Entity Address, State or Province LA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 71360-5226

City Area Code 318

Local Phone Number 484-7400

Title of 12(b) Security None

No Trading Symbol Flag true

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Cleco Securitization II LLC [Member] 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity File Number 333-283875

Entity Registrant Name CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC

Entity Central Index Key 0002047628

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code LA

Entity Tax Identification Number 33-2327335

Entity Address, Address Line One 505 Cleco Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Office Number 17

Entity Address, City or Town Pineville

Entity Address, State or Province LA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 71360

City Area Code 318

Local Phone Number 484-4183

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true only for a security having no trading symbol.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_NoTradingSymbolFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:trueItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: dei_LegalEntityAxis=cnl_ClecoSecuritizationIILLCMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
2 
22 
1 
false 
1 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://cleco.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cnl-20250312.xsd 
cnl-20250312_def.xml 
cnl-20250312_lab.xml 
cnl-20250312_pre.xml 
ny20039729x11_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-008453-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>ny20039729x11_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000018672 

2025-03-12 
2025-03-12 

0000018672 

cnl:ClecoSecuritizationIILLCMember 

2025-03-12 
2025-03-12 

false 
0002047628 
0000018672 
true 
false 
8-K 
2025-03-12 
1-05663 
CLECO POWER LLC 
LA 
2030 Donahue Ferry Road 
Pineville 
LA 
71360-5226 
318 
484-7400 
72-0244480 
333-283875 
CLECO SECURITIZATION II LLC 
LA 
505 Cleco Drive 
Office Number 17 
Pineville 
LA 
71360 
318 
484-4183 
33-2327335 
false 
false 
false 
false 
None 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>