<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001829126-25-002723.txt : 20250416
<SEC-HEADER>0001829126-25-002723.hdr.sgml : 20250416
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250416170431
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-25-002723
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250410
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250416
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250416

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Titan Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002009183
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42590
		FILM NUMBER:		25843476

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O WINSTON & STRAWN LLP
		STREET 2:		800 CAPITOL ST., STE 2400
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3477204333

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O WINSTON & STRAWN LLP
		STREET 2:		800 CAPITOL ST., STE 2400
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>titanacq_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000200918300020091832025-04-102025-04-100002009183TACH:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember2025-04-102025-04-100002009183TACH:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-04-102025-04-100002009183TACH:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceMember2025-04-102025-04-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 10, 2025

Titan Acquisition Corp

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42590 00-0000000N/A

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

131 Concord Street

Brooklyn, NY11201

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code (347)720-2907

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one warrant TACHU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share TACH The Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share TACHW The Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On April 14, 2025, Titan Acquisition Corp (the
Company) entered into an advisor agreement (the Amended
and Restated Advisor Agreement) that amended and restated that certain advisor agreement dated February 1, 2024 by and
between the Company and ARMB LLC (the Advisor). Pursuant to the terms of
the Amended and Restated Advisor Agreement, the Company shall pay the Advisor a monthly consulting fee of $10,000 per month commencing
on April 1, 2025 for a term of 24 months from the date of the Companys initial public offering (IPO),
provided that the term shall be extended to the extent the Companys shareholders vote to extend the time under which the Company
may consummate its business combination.

The Amended and Restated Advisor Agreement is filed
as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. The above description of the terms of the
Amended and Restated Advisor Agreement is qualified in their entirety by reference to such exhibit.

Item 8.01. Other Events 

On April 10, 2025, the Company
consummated its IPO of 27,600,000 units (the Units), including 3,600,000
Units issued pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share
of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares), and one-half
of one redeemable warrant (the Warrants) with each whole warrant entitling
the holder thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share at a price of $11.50 per share. The Units were sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating
gross proceeds to the Company of $276,000,000 (the Public Proceeds). Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, pursuant to the amended and restated private placement warrant purchase agreement, dated April 10, 2025,
between the Company and Titan Acquisition Sponsor Holdco LLC, and the private placement warrant purchase agreement, dated April 8, 2025,
between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. and Odeon Capital Group LLC, the Company completed the private sale of 8,110,056 warrants
(the Private Placement Warrants) at a purchase price of $1.00 per Private
Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $8,110,056 (the Private
Proceeds and together with the Public Proceeds, the Offering Proceeds).
The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Warrants sold in the IPO.

An audited balance sheet
as of April 10, 2025 reflecting receipt of the Offering Proceeds has been issued by the Company and is included as Exhibit 99.1 to this
Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Amended and Restated Advisor Agreement, dated April 14, 2025, between Titan Acquisition Corp and ARMB LLC

99.1 Audited Balance Sheet

1

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

TITAN ACQUISITION CORP

By: /s/
Frank Mastrangelo

Name: Frank Mastrangelo

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Dated: April 16, 2025

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>titanacq_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

ADVISOR AGREEMENT

This ADVISOR AGREEMENT is entered into as of this 14th day of April, 2025 (the Agreement), and amends and restates that certain advisor agreement dated February 1, 2024 (the Original Agreement), by and between Titan Acquisition Corp. (the Company), and ARMB LLC (Advisor). The Company and Advisor are referred to individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties.

The Parties hereto agree to the following:

1. Services. Advisor agrees to provide the services set forth below to the Company (collectively, the Services):

Advise on all post initial public offering matters;

Advise the Company on strategic and financial matters related to the Companys initial business combination, and other similar matters;

Manage bank accounts on behalf of the Company and its affiliates;

Report to and support the Principal Executive Officer and other members of Companys management regarding the Transaction (defined below).

Advisor shall perform under this Agreement in a professional, ethical and workmanlike manner and in accordance with the highest professional standards in the industry. Advisor represents and warrants to the Company that Advisor has the requisite training, skill set and experience level necessary to perform Advisors obligations under this Agreement. In the event that the Services create a conflict of interest for Advisor, Advisor shall address and work to clear such conflict prior to engaging in the Services as they relate to such conflict of interest.

Advisor may be required to travel from time-to-time in furtherance of the Services and the Company shall reimburse Advisor for the reasonable costs of such travel and lodging expenses. Any such reimbursements will be made by the Company in the month following the month in which Advisor submitted the documented travel and lodging costs.

2. Term. This Agreement shall be effective as of the date hereof and continue in full force and effect until the consummation of the Companys initial business combination (a Transaction), which shall be consummated within 24 months from the date of the Companys initial public offering (the Term); provided that the Term shall be extended to the extent the Companys shareholders vote to extend the time under which the Company may consummate its business combination. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Agreement may be terminated upon both parties agreeing to the same in writing. Upon termination of the Agreement, the Companys only obligations shall be to provide any outstanding quarterly payment of the Fee for provision of Services through the date that the Agreement is terminated and, to the extent applicable, any travel reimbursements that are due and payable to Advisor as of the date that the Agreement is terminated.

3. Fees. In consideration of the Services provided by Advisor hereunder, the Company shall pay Advisor a monthly consulting fee of $10,000 per month (collectively, the Fee) commencing on April 1, 2025. The Fee shall be paid to Advisor monthly in arrears. Any amounts due and unpaid under the Original Agreement will be forfeited by the Advisor.

4. Independent Contractor Status. Nothing herein shall be construed to create a joint venture or partnership between the Parties hereto or an employee/employer relationship. Advisor agrees that Advisor is an independent contractor, and that Advisor is not entitled to and shall not claim any of the rights, privileges or benefits of an employee of the Company. Advisor understands and agrees that the manner in which Advisor performs the Services is in Advisors discretion and control, subject to the provisions set forth herein, and that the Company shall not supervise or direct Advisors performance of those Services. Advisor understands that Advisor shall not receive any of the rights, privileges and benefits that the Company extends to its employees, including, but not limited to, pension, retirement savings or welfare benefits, vacation, termination or severance pay or other perquisites by virtue of this Agreement or by virtue of Advisors provision of Services to the Company. Advisor hereby releases any and all right, claim, or interest to any privileges or to any benefit, welfare plan or other employee benefit plans or perquisites, including but not limited to pension, welfare benefits, vacation or termination pay, provided by, or on behalf of, the Company to its employees. The Company shall issue an IRS Form 1099 to Advisor in connection with the Fees in accordance with applicable law.

5. Confidentiality.

5.1. Agreement to Preserve Confidentiality. Advisor covenants and agrees that while Advisor is engaged by the Company and following termination of that engagement for any reason, all Confidential Information of the Company shall be regarded as confidential, proprietary, and in the nature of trade secrets, and Advisor agrees not to: (i) disclose any Confidential Information to any third party, including employees or independent contractors of the Company who do not have a legitimate business need to know, without the specific consent of the Company, except as required by law or by existing contracts to which the Company is a party; (ii) use any Confidential Information for Advisors own benefit or for the benefit of any other person or in any way that would be detrimental to the Companys business; or (iii) remove Confidential Information from the Companys premises without a valid business purpose.

5.2. Definition of Confidential Information.

A. Confidential Information shall include, by way of example:

i. All research, business plans, marketing plans, marketing techniques and arrangements, mailing lists, purchasing information, pricing policies, quoting procedures, financial information and statements, portfolio information, projections, budgets, databases, client and prospect names and requirements, customer, supplier and distributor data and other materials or information related to the business or activities of the Company;

ii. Works, Inventions, and any trade secrets, concepts, designs, technology, industrial knowledge, customer or member listings, and other business and financial information related to the Company;

2

iii. The position of the Company on any confidential matter;

iv. All discoveries, concepts and ideas related to the business or activities of the Company, or derived from or related to Advisors access to or knowledge of any of the material or information set out in this Section 7.2, including, without limitation, the nature and results of research and development activities, processes, formulas, inventions, computer-related equipment or technology, techniques, know-how, designs, drawings and specifications;

v. All other materials or information related to the business or activities of the Company which are not generally known to others engaged in similar businesses or activities; and

vi. All information received by Advisor or to which Advisor gains access in the course of its engagement with the Company, which is the property of, or pertains or relates to any third party, and which would constitute Confidential Information if such third party information was the property of, or related or pertained to, the Company, or which the Company has been provided on a confidential basis.

B. The absence of any marking or statement that particular information is Confidential Information shall not affect its status as Confidential Information.

C. Confidential Information shall not include information in the public domain not as a result of breach of any duty by Advisor or any other person, information that Advisor can demonstrate was in Advisors possession or known by Advisor prior to its receipt from the Company, and information that becomes available to Advisor on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Company.

D. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 7.2, nothing in this Agreement prohibits Advisor (or any of Advisors employees) from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission and any agency Inspector General, or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulation. Advisor does not need the prior authorization of the Company to make any such reports or disclosures and is not required to notify the Company that Advisor has made such reports or disclosures.

5.3. Destruction of Property. Upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason, or at any time when so requested by the Company, Advisor agrees to promptly permanently delete all documents and data belonging to the Company or related to the Company, its clients, customers, members, or its business in Advisors possession or control and any other materials containing Confidential Information, including all hard copies as well as stored data on any electronic device, and confirm the said destruction or deletion of data to the Company in writing.

6. Damages and Injunctive Relief. The parties acknowledge and agree that:

A. Each Partys obligations under Section 5 of this Agreement have a unique and substantial value to the other Party and each Party remains obligated even if the Agreement is voluntarily or involuntarily terminated. Each Party understands that if it violates Section 5 of this Agreement during or after Advisors provision of Services to the Company, the other Party may, unless negotiated otherwise, be able to recover monetary damages from Advisor and/or the other relief described below.

3

B. A violation or even a threatened violation of this Agreement is likely to result in irreparable harm to the non-breaching Party and monetary damages alone would not completely compensate the non-breaching Party for the harm. Accordingly, the non-breaching Party may obtain an injunction prohibiting the breaching Party from violating Section 5 of the Agreement, an order requiring the breaching Party to render specific performance of Section 5 of the Agreement, and/or other appropriate equitable remedies, without the need to post bond, in addition to and not in limitation of any other rights, remedies, or damages available to the non-breaching Party at law or in equity.

C. If a court determines that the breaching Party has breached or attempted or threatened to breach Section 5 of the Agreement, the breaching Party consents to the granting of an injunction restraining the breaching Party from further breaches or attempted or threatened breaches of Section 5 compelling the breaching Party to comply with Section 5, and/or prescribing other equitable remedies.

7. No Assignment. Advisor may not assign, delegate, subcontract or license, in whole or in part, this Agreement, including without limitation, any of the rights, duties and obligations without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent may be withheld in the Companys sole discretion. Any attempted assignment, delegation, subcontract or licensing of such rights, duties or obligations without the Companys prior written consent shall be void and of no effect. The provisions of this Agreement are binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns.

8. Dispute Resolution. If any dispute, controversy or claim of whatever nature arises out of or in connection with this Agreement, including any question regarding its existence, validity or termination arising out of or in connection with this Agreement (a Dispute), the Parties shall refer the same to arbitration. The seat and venue of the arbitration shall be the Cayman Islands, provided that, the arbitrators may hold hearings in such other locations as the arbitrators determine to be most convenient and efficient for all the parties to such arbitration under the circumstances. Nothing shall preclude either Party from seeking interim equitable relief, including in the form of injunctions and orders for specific performance. The arbitration shall be conducted in the Cayman Islands in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association.

9.
Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial; Legal Costs. Subject to Clause 8 above, the Parties agree that this Agreement shall be governed
by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to any conflicts of law principles. Any dispute arising under or relating to the
Agreement shall be brought in the courts of the Cayman Islands, provided that any party may seek injunctive relief in any court of competent
jurisdiction. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives all right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim
arising out of or relating to this Agreement. If either party must pursue legal action to enforce or enjoin any action on the other partys
part in contravention of any provision of this Agreement, the prevailing party (as determined by the Court) shall be entitled to recover
its costs, including its reasonable attorneys fees in connection with any action in which it successfully obtains an injunction
and/or damages.

10. Waiver. No failure to act by the Company shall waive any right contained in this Agreement. Any waiver by the Company must be in writing and signed by an officer of the Company to be effective.

11. No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other person any legal or equitable right, benefit, or remedy of any nature whatsoever.

SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGE

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and Advisor have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

COMPANY

Titan
Acquisition Corp.

By: /s/
Adeel Rouf

Name: Adeel
Rouf

Title: Chief
Financial Officer

ADVISOR

ARMB
LLC

By: /s/
Adeel Rouf

Name: Adeel
Rouf

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Titan Acquisition Corp. Advisor Agreement]

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>titanacq_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Titan Acquisition Corp

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2

Balance Sheet as of April 10, 2025 F-3

Notes to Financial Statement F-4

F-1

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of

Titan Acquisition Corp:

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Titan Acquisition Corp (the Company) as of April 10, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statement). In our opinion, the financial statement presents fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of April 10, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

This financial statement is the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statement based on our audit. We are
a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the "PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statement is free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to
perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statement, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to
those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statement.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statement. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2024.

New York, New York

April 16, 2025

F-2

Titan Acquisition Corp

Balance Sheet

As of April 10, 2025

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash $ 1,033,365 

Due from Sponsor 25,000 

Total current assets 1,058,365 

Cash held in Trust Account 277,380,000 

Prepaid insurance 167,824 

Total Assets $ 278,606,189 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity/(Deficit) 

Deferred underwriting commission $ 13,140,000 

Total liabilities 13,140,000 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 27,600,000 shares subject to possible redemption at $10.05 per share 277,380,000 

Shareholders Equity/(Deficit) 

Preference shares, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 200,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding - 

Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized; 6,900,000 shares issued and outstanding 690 

Additional paid-in capital - 

Accumulated deficit (11,914,501 )

Total shareholders equity (deficit) (11,913,811 )

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity (Deficit) $ 278,606,189 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

F-3

TITAN ACQUISITION CORP

As of April 10, 2025

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION, BUSINESS OPERATIONS, AND GOING CONCERN

Titan Acquisition Corp (the Company) is a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on January 11, 2024. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses that the Company has not yet identified (Business Combination).

As of April 10, 2025, the Company had not yet commenced operations. All activity for the period from January 11, 2024 (inception) through April 10, 2025 relates to the Companys formation and the Proposed Public Offering, which is described below. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end.

On April 10, 2025, Titan Acquisition Corp (the Company) consummated its initial public offering (IPO) of 27,600,000 units (the Units), including 3,600,000 Units issued pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares), and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Warrants) with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share at a price of $11.50 per share. The Units were sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $276,000,000 (the Public Proceeds).

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, pursuant to the amended and restated private placement warrant purchase agreement, dated April 10, 2025, between the Company and Titan Acquisition Sponsor Holdco LLC, and the private placement warrant purchase agreement, dated April 8, 2025, between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. and Odeon Capital Group LLC, the Company completed the private sale of 8,110,056 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants) at a purchase price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $8,110,056 (the Private Proceeds and together with the Public Proceeds, the Offering Proceeds). The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Warrants sold in the IPO.

Transaction costs amounted to $18,498,942, consisting of $4,800,000 of cash underwriting fee, $13,140,000 of deferred underwriting fee, and $558,942 of other offering costs.

Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, $277,380,000 ($10.05 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement were placed in a trust account (Trust Account) with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee and invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earliest of (i) the completion of an initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of public shares if the Company is unable to complete an initial business combination within the completion window, subject to applicable law, and (iii) the redemption of public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to modify the substance or timing of obligation to redeem 100% of public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of public shareholders.

F-4

The Companys management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its Proposed Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. The Companys initial Business Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time the Company signs a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination.

The Company will provide its holders of the Public Shares (the Public Shareholders) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be $10.05 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations).

All of the Public Shares contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the initial Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association). In accordance with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and its guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (ASC 480), paragraph 10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of a company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Accordingly, all of the Public Shares were presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Companys balance sheet. Given that the Public Shares were issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., public warrants), the initial carrying value of Class A ordinary shares classified as temporary equity were the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options. The resulting discount to the initial carrying value of temporary equity was accreted upon closing the Initial Public Offering such that the carrying value equals the redemption value on such date. The accretion or remeasurement is recognized as a reduction to retained earnings, or in absence of retained earnings, additional paid-in capital. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. The Public Shares are redeemable and were classified as such on the balance sheet until such date that a redemption event takes place.

The Company has determined not to consummate any Business Combination unless the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation in order to avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. However, if the Company seeks to consummate an initial Business Combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the Trust Account upon consummation of such initial Business Combination, its net tangible asset threshold may limit the Companys ability to consummate such initial Business Combination (as the Company may be required to have a lesser number of shares redeemed) and may force the Company to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. As a result, the Company may not be able to consummate such initial Business Combination and the Company may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all.

F-5

Each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the holders of the Founder Shares prior to this Initial Public Offering (the Initial Shareholders) agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 6) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the Initial Shareholders agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. In addition, the Company agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial Business Combination without the prior consent of the Sponsor.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association will provide that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% or more of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, without the prior consent of the Company.

The Companys Sponsor, executive officers, directors and director nominees will have agreed not to propose an amendment to the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association that would affect the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to provide for the redemption of its Public Shares in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem 100% of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment.

If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or April 10, 2027, (the Combination Period), the Company will (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.

In connection with the redemption of 100% of the Companys outstanding Public Shares for a portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, each holder will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay the Companys taxes payable (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses).

F-6

The Initial Shareholders have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Initial Shareholders should acquire Public Shares in or after the Proposed Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 7) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within in the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Companys Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only $10.00 per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $10.05 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $10.05 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Companys indemnity of the underwriters of the Proposed Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have vendors, service providers (except the Companys independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis of presentation

The accompanying audited financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the U.S Securities Exchange Commission (the SEC).

Use of estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Companys management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period.

Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.

Financial instruments

The fair value of the Companys assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to its short-term nature.

F-7

Warrant Instruments

The Company has accounted
for the Warrants and Private Placement Warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement in accordance
with the guidance contained in FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Accordingly, the Company evaluated and has classified
the warrant instruments under equity treatment at their assigned values. As of April 10, 2025, there were 21,910,056 warrants outstanding,
including 13,800,000 Warrants and 8,110,056 Private Placement Warrants.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company had $1,033,365 in cash and no cash equivalents as of April 10, 2025.

Cash Held in Trust Account

On April 10, 2025, the Company had $277,380,000 in cash held in the Trust Account.

Concentration of Credit Risk

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution, which, at times, may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation coverage limit of $250,000. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Companys financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow.

Derivative financial instruments

The Company evaluates its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value on the grant date and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statement of operations. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The fair value of the Companys assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature.

The Company applies ASC 820, which establishes a framework for measuring fair value and clarifies the definition of fair value within that framework. ASC 820 defines fair value as an exit price, which is the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the Companys principal or most advantageous market in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The fair value hierarchy established in ASC 820 generally requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. Observable inputs reflect the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability and are developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity. Unobservable inputs reflect the entitys own assumptions based on market data and the entitys judgments about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability and are to be developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. 

F-8

Level 1Assets and liabilities with unadjusted, quoted
prices listed on active market exchanges. Inputs to the fair value measurement are observable inputs, such as quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2Inputs to the fair value measurement are determined using prices for recently traded assets and liabilities with similar underlying terms, as well as direct or indirect observable inputs, such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals.

Level 3Inputs to the fair value measurement are unobservable inputs, such as estimates, assumptions, and valuation techniques when little or no market data exists for the assets or liabilities.

The Companys public
warrants were valued using a Monte Carlo Simulation model and were classified within shareholders deficit and will not require
remeasurement after issuance. The fair value of the Public Warrants was estimated to be $3,808,800 at issuance. The following table presents
the quantitative information regarding market assumptions used in the valuation of the public warrants. These assumptions also include
unobservable inputs (Level 3 inputs).

Public Warrants 

Calculated price per warrant $ 0.28 

Probability of Initial Business Combination 17.9 %

Implied Class A ordinary share price $ 9.86 

Weighted Term (years) 2.89 

Exercise price $ 11.50 

Volatility 6.40 %

Risk-Free rate 3.85 %

Offering Costs Associated with the Initial Public Offering

The Offering costs consisted of legal, accounting, underwriting and other costs incurred that were directly related to the Initial Public Offering and that were charged to shareholders equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering.

The Company complies with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A, Expenses of Offering. Offering costs consist principally of professional and registration fees that are related to the Initial Public Offering. FASB ASC 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options, addresses the allocation of proceeds from the issuance of convertible debt into its equity and debt components. The Company applies this guidance to allocate Initial Public Offering proceeds from the Units between Class A ordinary shares and warrants, using the residual method by allocating Initial Public Offering proceeds first to assigned value of the warrants and then to the Class A ordinary shares. Offering costs allocated to the Class A ordinary shares were charged to temporary equity and offering costs allocated to the Warrants, and Private Placement Warrants were charged to shareholders deficit.

Income taxes

The Company complies with the accounting and reporting requirements of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, which requires an asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

F-9

ASC Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Companys management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Companys only major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of April 10, 2025. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.

There is currently no taxation imposed on income by the government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman Islands federal income tax regulations, income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Companys financial statements.

Class A Redeemable Share Classification

The public shares contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Companys liquidation, or if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination. In accordance with ASC 480-10-S99, the Company classifies public shares subject to redemption outside of permanent equity as the redemption provisions are not solely within the control of the Company. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and will adjust the carrying value of redeemable shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable shares will result in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. Accordingly, on April 10, 2025, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Companys balance sheet.

Accordingly on April 10, 2025, the Class A ordinary shares subject
to redemption reflected in the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table:

Gross proceeds $ 276,000,000 

Less: Proceeds allocated to public warrants (3,808,800 )

Less: Class A ordinary share issuance costs (18,239,185 )

Add: Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 23,427,985 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption April 10, 2025 $ 277,380,000 

Recent accounting pronouncements

In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2020-06, Debt-Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entitys Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entitys Own Equity, which is intended to simplify the accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity, including convertible instruments and contracts on an entitys own equity. The guidance is effective for the Company as of January 11, 2024 (inception).

In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures (ASU 2023-07). The amendments in this ASU require disclosures, on an annual and interim basis, of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker (CODM), as well as the aggregate amount of other segment items included in the reported measure of segment profit or loss. The ASU requires that a public entity disclose the title and position of the CODM and an explanation of how the CODM uses the reported measure(s) of segment profit or loss in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources. Public entities will be required to provide all annual disclosures currently required by Topic 280 in interim periods, and entities with a single reportable segment are required to provide all the disclosures required by the amendments in this ASU and existing segment disclosures in Topic 280. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2023-07 on January 11, 2024, the date of its incorporation.

F-10

Emerging growth company

The Company is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Companys financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

NOTE 3. INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING

Pursuant to the Initial Public Offering, the Company sold 27,600,000 Units including 3,600,000 Units issued pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit will consist of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant (Public Warrant). Each whole Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8).

NOTE 4. PRIVATE PLACEMENT

Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO and the sale of the Units, the Company consummated the private placement (Private Placement) of 8,110,056 units (the Initial Private Placement Units). In this Private Placement, the Sponsor purchased 5,710,056 warrants, while Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. and Odeon Capital Group LLC purchased 2,400,000 warrants, all at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of $8,110,056. Each Private Placement Unit entitles the holder thereof to one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant (Private Placement Warrants) to purchase one Class A ordinary share at $11.50 per share.

Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one whole share of Class A ordinary shares at a price of $11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor will be added to the proceeds from the Proposed Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless.

The Sponsor and the Companys officers and directors will agree, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination.

F-11

NOTE 5. SEGMENT INFORMATION

ASC Topic 280, Segment
Reporting, establishes standards for companies to report, in their financial statements, information about operating segments,
products, services, geographic areas, and major customers. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise that engage in
business activities from which it may recognize revenues and incur expenses, and for which separate financial information is available
that is regularly evaluated by the Companys chief operating decision maker, or group, in deciding how to allocate resources and
assess performance.

The Companys CODM has been identified as the Chief Financial Officer, who reviews the operating results for the Company as a whole to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing financial performance. Accordingly, management has determined that the Company only has one reportable segment.

The CODM assesses performance for the single segment and decides how to allocate resources based on net income or loss that also is reported on the statement of operations as net income or loss. The measure of segment assets is reported on the balance sheet as total assets. When evaluating the Companys performance and making key decisions regarding resource allocation, the CODM reviews several key metrics included in net income or loss and total assets, which include the following:

April 10, 

2025 

Cash $ 1,033,365 

Due from Sponsor 25,000 

Cash held in Trust Account 277,380,000 

Prepaid Insurance 167,824 

Total Assets $ 278,606,189 

The CODM reviews the position of total assets available with the company to assess if the Company has sufficient resources available to discharge its liabilities. The CODM is provided with details of cash and liquid resources available with the Company. Additionally, the CODM regularly reviews the status of deferred costs incurred to assess if these are in line with the planned use of proceeds to be raised from the public offering.

NOTE 6. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Founder Shares

On January 24, 2024, the Company received $25,000 for issuance of 7,475,000 Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares). On August 5, 2024, the Company forfeited 1,150,000 Founder Shares for no consideration. On March 4, 2025, the Company issued an additional 575,000 Founder Shares for no consideration, resulting in the sponsor holding an aggregate of 6,900,000 shares. As of April 10, 2025 there were 6,900,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding.

F-12

The initial shareholders have agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of 900,000 Founder Shares, on a pro rata basis, to the extent that the option to purchase additional units is not exercised in full by the underwriters. The forfeiture will be adjusted to the extent that the option to purchase additional units is not exercised in full by the underwriters so that the Founder Shares will represent 20% of the Companys issued and outstanding shares after the Proposed Public Offering. If the Company increases or decreases the size of the Proposed Public Offering, the Company will effect a share capitalization or a share repurchase or redemption or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to the Class B ordinary shares prior to the consummation of the Proposed Public Offering in such amount as to maintain the number of Founder Shares at 20% of the Companys issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering.

The initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (A) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (B) the date following the completion of the initial Business Combination on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be released from the lockup.

Related Party Loans

Prior to the closing of this offering, the Sponsor has agreed to loan the Company up to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of December 31, 2025, or the closing of this offering. The loan will be repaid upon the closing of this offering out of the $575,000 of offering proceeds that has been allocated to the payment of offering expenses.

The Sponsor paid certain formation, operating or deferred offering costs on behalf of the Company. These amounts are due on demand and non-interest bearing. As of April 10, 2025, there was no outstanding balance owed to the sponsor. However, as of the same date, the Sponsor owes the Company $25,000 for the private placement warrants.

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, members of the Companys founding team or any of their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (Working Capital Notes). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Notes out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Notes would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Notes, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Notes. The Working Capital Notes would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lenders discretion, up to $1.5 million of such Working Capital Notes may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Notes, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. To date, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Notes.

Administrative Agreement

Commencing on the date that the Companys securities are first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination and the liquidation, the Company will pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, administrative, financial and support services.

The Company entered into a consulting agreement for advisory services with an entity affiliated with the President of the Company with a fee of $10,000 per month. Upon completion of the initial business combination or the Companys liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees.

F-13

In addition, the Sponsor, directors and officers, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on the Companys behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. The Companys audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by the Company to the Sponsor, directors, officers or the Companys or any of their affiliates.

NOTE 7. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Registration and Shareholder Rights

The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Notes (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Notes and upon conversion of the Founder Shares) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the Proposed Public Offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggyback registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Underwriting Agreement

The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of this prospectus to purchase up to 3,600,000 additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On April 10, 2025, the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised in full.

The underwriters were paid an underwriting discount of $0.20 per unit, or $4,800,000 in the aggregate upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and $0.45 per unit, or $10,800,000 in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. In addition, an additional $0.65 per unit, or $2,340,000 on units sold pursuant to the underwriters options to purchase additional units, will become payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

Risks and Uncertainties

Management is currently evaluating the impact of significant global events, such as, the Russia / Ukraine and Israel / Palestine conflicts, on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that these events could have a negative effect on the Companys financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

NOTE 8. SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT)

Class A Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of the Companys Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At April 10, 2025, there were no Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding, excluding 27,600,000 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption.

Class B Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share. On January 9, 2024, 7,475,000 Class B ordinary shares were issued and outstanding, including an aggregate of up to 975,000 Class B ordinary shares that are subject to forfeiture, to the Company by the Initial Shareholders for no consideration to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Initial Shareholders will collectively own 20% of the Companys issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Proposed Public Offering.

F-14

On August 5, 2024, the Company forfeited 1,150,000 Founder Shares for no consideration. On March 4, 2025, the Company issued an additional 575,000 Founder Shares for no consideration These adjustments were made in the financial statements to align with the changes in the offering size. At April 10, 2025, there were 6,900,000 Founder Shares issued and outstanding.

Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders except as required by law.

The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share dividends, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Proposed Public Offering and related to the closing of the initial Business Combination, the ratio at which the Class B ordinary shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of all ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of the Proposed Public Offering plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination, excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination.

Preference Shares The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 preference shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share. At April 10, 2025, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding.

Warrants Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the closing of the Proposed Public Offering; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder (or the Company permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances). The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC and have an effective registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.

F-15

The warrants have an exercise price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the completion of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and $18.00 per share redemption trigger prices described below under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $18.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $18.00: Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may call the outstanding warrants for redemption (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants):

in whole and not in part;

at a price of $0.01 per warrant;

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the Reference Value) equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted).

The Company will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period.

The fair market value of Class A ordinary shares for the above purpose shall mean the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment).

In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Companys assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless.

NOTE 9. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial statements were issued. Based upon this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.

F-16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tach-20250410.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tach-20250410_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tach-20250410_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tach-20250410_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 10, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42590

Entity Registrant Name Titan Acquisition Corp

Entity Central Index Key 0002009183

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 131 Concord Street

Entity Address, City or Town Brooklyn

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 11201

City Area Code (347)

Local Phone Number 720-2907

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one warrant

Trading Symbol TACHU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol TACH

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol TACHW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=TACH_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=TACH_ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=TACH_WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
4 
23 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://TACH/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tach-20250410.xsd 
tach-20250410_def.xml 
tach-20250410_lab.xml 
tach-20250410_pre.xml 
titanacq_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001829126-25-002723-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>titanacq_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002009183 

2025-04-10 
2025-04-10 

0002009183 

TACH:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 

2025-04-10 
2025-04-10 

0002009183 

TACH:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-04-10 
2025-04-10 

0002009183 

TACH:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceMember 

2025-04-10 
2025-04-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002009183 
8-K 
2025-04-10 
Titan Acquisition Corp 
E9 
001-42590 
00-0000000 
131 Concord Street 
Brooklyn 
NY 
11201 
(347) 
720-2907 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one warrant 
TACHU 
NASDAQ 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
TACH 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
TACHW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>