<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-006847.txt : 20250214
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-006847.hdr.sgml : 20250214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250214160529
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-006847
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250210
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eastside Distilling, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001534708
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				203937596
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38182
		FILM NUMBER:		25628343

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2321 NE ARGYLE STREET
		STREET 2:		UNIT D
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97211
		BUSINESS PHONE:		971-888-4264

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2321 NE ARGYLE STREET
		STREET 2:		UNIT D
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97211

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Eurocan Holdings Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111110
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000153470800015347082025-02-102025-02-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 10, 2025

EASTSIDE
DISTILLING, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-38182 20-3937596

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

755
Main Street, Building 4, Suite 3

Monroe,
CT06468

(Address
of principal executive offices)

(Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (458)800-9154

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Common
Stock, $0.0001 par value BLNE The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Title of Each Class) (Trading Symbol) (Name of Each Exchange on
Which Registered)

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (CFR 230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (CFR 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company

Item 5.02(e)Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On
February 10, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of Eastside Distilling, Inc. (the Company) adopted
the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2025 Plan) and authorized the 2025 Plan to be submitted to stockholders of the Company
for approval. We have not issued any awards under the 2025 Plan. As of the adoption date, 300,000 shares of our Common Stock, par value
$0.0001 per share (Common Stock), were available for award under the 2025 Plan. Following approval of our shareholders
of the conversion of our Series F and Series F-1 Preferred Stock into Common Stock, shares available for award under the 2025 Plan will
increase to 12 million shares without further action by the Company. On February 4, 2025 the Board authorized a reverse split of the
Companys capital stock at a ratio of 1 share for every 10 shares outstanding with an effective date of March 6, 2025. Following
effectiveness of the reverse split, shares authorized under the 2025 Plan will be reduced in accordance with the reverse split ratio.

Types
of Awards. The 2025 Plan provides for the issuance of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, share appreciation rights
(SARs), restricted shares, restricted share units (RSUs), and other share-based awards.

Administration.
The 2025 Plan will be administered by the Board, or if the Board does not administer the 2025 Plan, a committee or a committee of the
Board (each of the Board or such committee or subcommittee, the plan administrator). The plan administrator may interpret
the 2025 Plan and may prescribe, amend and rescind rules and make all other determinations necessary or desirable for the administration
of the 2025 Plan.

The
2025 Plan permits the plan administrator to select the eligible recipients who will receive awards, to determine the terms and conditions
of those awards, including but not limited to the exercise price or other purchase price of an award, the number of common shares or
cash or other property subject to an award, the term of an award and the vesting schedule applicable to an award, and to amend the terms
and conditions of outstanding awards.

Restricted
Shares and Restricted Share Units. Restricted shares and RSUs may be granted under the 2025 Plan. The plan administrator will determine
the purchase price, vesting schedule and performance goals, if any, and any other conditions that apply to a grant of restricted shares
and RSUs. If the restrictions, performance goals or other conditions determined by the plan administrator are not satisfied, the restricted
shares and RSUs will be forfeited. Subject to the provisions of the 2025 Plan and the applicable award agreement, the plan administrator
has the sole discretion to provide for the lapse of restrictions in installments.

Unless
the applicable award agreement provides otherwise, participants with restricted shares will generally have all of the rights of a shareholder;
provided that dividends will only be paid if and when the underlying restricted share vests. RSUs will not be entitled to dividends prior
to vesting, but may be entitled to receive dividend equivalents if the award agreement provides for them. The rights of participants
granted restricted shares or RSUs upon the termination of employment or service to us will be set forth in the award agreement.

2

Options.
Incentive stock options and non-statutory stock options may be granted under the 2025 Plan. An incentive stock option means
an option intended to qualify for tax treatment applicable to incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code.
A non-statutory stock option is an option that is not subject to statutory requirements and limitations required for certain
tax advantages that are allowed under specific provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. A non-statutory stock option under the 2025 Plan
is referred to for federal income tax purposes as a non-qualified stock option. Each option granted under the Plan will
be designated as a non-qualified stock option or an incentive stock option. At the discretion of the administrator, incentive stock options
may be granted only to our employees, employees of our parent Company (as such term is defined in Section 424(e) of the
Code) or employees of our subsidiaries.

The
exercise period of an option may not exceed ten years from the date of grant and the exercise price may not be less than 100% of the
fair market value of a common share on the date the option is granted (110% of fair market value in the case of incentive stock options
granted to ten percent shareholders). The exercise price for common shares subject to an option may be paid in cash, or as determined
by the administrator in its sole discretion, (i) through any cashless exercise procedure approved by the administrator (including the
withholding of common shares otherwise issuable upon exercise), (ii) by tendering unrestricted common shares owned by the participant,
(iii) with any other form of consideration approved by the administrator and permitted by applicable law or (iv) by any combination of
these methods. The option holder will have no rights to dividends or distributions or other rights of a shareholder with respect to the
common shares subject to an option until the option holder has given written notice of exercise and paid the exercise price and applicable
withholding taxes.

In
the event of a participants termination of employment or service, the participant may exercise his or her option (to the extent
vested as of such date of termination) for such period of time as specified in hte option agreement.

Share
Appreciation Rights. SARs may be granted either alone (a Free-Standing Right) or in conjunction with all or part of any
option granted under the 2025 Plan (a Related Right). A Free-Standing Right will entitle its holder to receive, at the
time of exercise, an amount per share up to the excess of the fair market value (at the date of exercise) of a common share over the
base price of the Free-Standing Right (which shall be no less than 100% of the fair market value of the related common shares on the
date of grant) multiplied by the number of shares in respect of which the SAR is being exercised. A Related Right will entitle its holder
to receive, at the time of exercise of the SAR and surrender of the applicable portion of the related option, an amount per share up
to the excess of the fair market value (at the date of exercise) of a common share over the exercise price of the related option multiplied
by the number of shares in respect of which the SAR is being exercised. The exercise period of a Free-Standing Right may not exceed ten
years from the date of grant. The exercise period of a Related Right will also expire upon the expiration of its related option.

The
holder of a SAR will have no rights to dividends or any other rights of a shareholder with respect to the common shares subject to the
SAR until the holder has given written notice of exercise and paid the exercise price and applicable withholding taxes.

In
the event of a participants termination of employment or service, the holder of a SAR may exercise his or her SAR (to the extent
vested as of such date of termination) for such period of time as specified in the SAR agreement.

3

Other
Share-Based Awards. The administrator may grant other share-based awards under the 2025 Plan, valued in whole or in part by reference
to, or otherwise based on, common shares. The administrator will determine the terms and conditions of these awards, including the number
of common shares to be granted pursuant to each award, the manner in which the award will be settled, and the conditions to the vesting
and payment of the award (including the achievement of performance goals). The rights of participants granted other share-based awards
upon the termination of employment or service to us will be set forth in the applicable award agreement. In the event that a bonus is
granted in the form of common shares, the common shares constituting such bonus shall, as determined by the administrator, be evidenced
in uncertificated form or by a book entry record or a certificate issued in the name of the participant to whom such grant was made and
delivered to such participant as soon as practicable after the date on which such bonus is payable. Any dividend or dividend equivalent
award issued hereunder shall be subject to the same restrictions, conditions and risks of forfeiture as apply to the underlying award.

Equitable
Adjustment and Treatment of Outstanding Awards Upon a Change in Control

Equitable
Adjustments. In the event of a merger, consolidation, reclassification, recapitalization, spin-off, spin-out, repurchase, reorganization,
special or extraordinary dividend or other extraordinary distribution (whether in the form of common shares, cash or other property),
combination, exchange of shares, or other change in corporate structure affecting our common shares, an equitable substitution or proportionate
adjustment shall be made in (i) the aggregate number and kind of securities reserved for issuance under the 2025 Plan; (ii) the kind
and number of securities subject to, and the exercise price of, any outstanding options and SARs granted under the 2025 Plan; (iii) the
kind, number and purchase price of common shares, or the amount of cash or amount or type of property, subject to outstanding restricted
shares, RSUs and other share-based awards granted under the 2025 Plan; and (iv) the terms and conditions of any outstanding awards (including
any applicable performance targets). Equitable substitutions or adjustments other than those listed above may also be made as determined
by the plan administrator. In addition, the plan administrator may, subject in all events to the requirements of Section 409A of the
Internal Revenue Code, may terminate all outstanding awards for the payment of cash or in-kind consideration having an aggregate fair
market value equal to the excess of the fair market value of the common shares, cash or other property covered by such awards over the
aggregate exercise price, if any, of such awards, but if the exercise price of any outstanding award is equal to or greater than the
fair market value of the common shares, cash or other property covered by such award, the plan administrator may cancel the award without
the payment of any consideration to the participant. With respect to awards subject to foreign laws, adjustments will be made in compliance
with applicable requirements. Except to the extent determined by the plan administrator, adjustments to ISOs will be made only to the
extent not constituting a modification within the meaning of Section 424(h)(3) of the Code.

Change
in Control. The 2025 Plan provides that, unless otherwise determined by the plan administrator and evidenced in an award agreement, if
a change in control (as defined below) occurs and a participant is employed by us or any of our affiliates immediately
prior to the consummation of the change in control, then the plan administrator, in its sole and absolute discretion, may (i) provide
that any unvested or unexercisable portion of an award carrying a right to exercise will become fully vested and exercisable; and (ii)
cause the restrictions, deferral limitations, payment conditions and forfeiture conditions applicable to any award granted under the
2025 Plan to lapse, and the awards will be deemed fully vested and any performance conditions imposed with respect to such awards will
be deemed to be fully achieved at target performance levels. The administrator shall have discretion in connection with such change in
control to provide that all outstanding and unexercised options and SARs shall expire upon the consummation of such change in control.

4

For
purposes of the 2025 Plan, a change in control means,

(i)
a tender offer (or series of related offers) shall be made and consummated for the ownership of 50% or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the Company, unless as a result of such tender offer more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving
or resulting Company shall be owned in the aggregate by the stockholders of the Company (as of the time immediately prior to the commencement
of such offer), any employee benefit plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and their affiliates;

(ii)
the Company shall be merged or consolidated with another entity, unless as a result of such merger or consolidation more than 50% of
the outstanding voting securities of the surviving or resulting entity shall be owned in the aggregate by the stockholders of the Company
(as of the time immediately prior to such transaction), any employee benefit plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and their affiliates;

(iii)
the Company shall sell substantially all of its assets to another entity that is not wholly owned by the Company, unless as a result
of such sale more than 50% of such assets shall be owned in the aggregate by the stockholders of the Company (as of the time immediately
prior to such transaction), any employee benefit plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries and their affiliates; or

(iv)
a Person (as defined below) shall acquire 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the Company (whether directly, indirectly,
beneficially or of record), unless as a result of such acquisition more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving
or resulting Company shall be owned in the aggregate by the stockholders of the Company (as of the time immediately prior to the first
acquisition of such securities by such Person), any employee benefit plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and their affiliates.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibits

10.1 2025 Equity Incentive Plan dated February 10, 2025.

104 Cover page interactive
data file (embedded within the iXBRL document)

5

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
February 14, 2025

EASTSIDE
DISTILLING, INC.

By:
/s/
Geoffrey Gwin

Geoffrey Gwin

Chief Executive Officer

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

EASTSIDE
DISTILLING, INC.

2025
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

1. PURPOSE
OF PLAN

1.1
The purpose of this 2025 Equity Incentive Plan (this Plan) of Eastside Distilling, Inc., a Nevada corporation
(the Corporation), is to promote the success of the Corporation and to increase stockholder value by providing an
additional means through the grant of awards to attract, motivate, retain and reward selected employees and other eligible persons.

2. ELIGIBILITY

2.1
The Administrator (as such term is defined in Section 3.1) may grant awards under this Plan only to those persons that the Administrator
determines to be Eligible Persons. An Eligible Person is any person who is either: (a) an officer (whether or not
a director) or employee of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries; (b) a director of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries;
or (c) a consultant who renders bona fide services (other than services in connection with the offering or sale of securities of the
Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries in a capital-raising transaction or as a market maker or promoter of securities of the Corporation
or one of its Subsidiaries) to the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries and who is selected to participate in this Plan by the Administrator;
provided, however, that a person who is otherwise an Eligible Person under clause (c) above may participate in this Plan only
if such participation would not adversely affect either the Corporations eligibility to use Form S-8 to register under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), the offering and sale of shares issuable under this Plan by the Corporation,
or the Corporations compliance with any other applicable laws. An Eligible Person who has been granted an award (a participant)
may, if otherwise eligible, be granted additional awards if the Administrator shall so determine. As used herein, Subsidiary
means any corporation or other entity a majority of whose outstanding voting stock or voting power is beneficially owned directly or
indirectly by the Corporation; and Board means the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

3. PLAN
ADMINISTRATION

3.1
The Administrator. This Plan shall be administered by and all awards under this Plan shall be authorized by the Administrator.
The Administrator means the Board or one or more committees appointed by the Board or another committee (within
its delegated authority) to administer all or certain aspects of this Plan. Any such committee shall be comprised solely of one or more
directors or such number of directors as may be required under applicable law. A committee may delegate some or all of its authority
to another committee so constituted. The Board or a committee comprised solely of directors may also delegate, to the extent permitted
by NRS 78.125 or any applicable law, to one or more officers of the Corporation, its powers under this Plan (a) to designate Eligible
Persons who will receive grants of awards under this Plan, and (b) to determine the number of shares subject to, and the other terms
and conditions of, such awards. The Board may delegate different levels of authority to different committees with administrative and
grant authority under this Plan. Unless otherwise provided in the bylaws of the Corporation or the applicable charter of any Administrator:
(a) a majority of the members of the acting Administrator shall constitute a quorum, and (b) the affirmative vote of a majority of the
members present assuming the presence of a quorum or the unanimous written consent of the members of the Administrator shall constitute
due authorization of an action by the acting Administrator.

With
respect to awards intended to satisfy the requirements for performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) , this Plan shall be administered by a committee consisting solely of two or
more outside directors (as this requirement is applied under Section 162(m) of the Code); provided, however, that the failure
to satisfy such requirement shall not affect the validity of the action of any committee otherwise duly authorized and acting in the
matter. Award grants, and transactions in or involving awards, intended to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) , must be duly and timely authorized by the Board or a committee consisting
solely of two or more non-employee directors (as this requirement is applied under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act). To
the extent required by any applicable stock exchange, this Plan shall be administered by a committee composed entirely of independent
directors (within the meaning of the applicable stock exchange). Awards granted to non- employee directors shall not be subject to the
discretion of any officer or employee of the Corporation and shall be administered exclusively by a committee consisting solely of independent
directors.

3.2
Powers of the Administrator. Subject to the express provisions of this Plan, the Administrator is authorized and empowered
to do all things necessary or desirable in connection with the authorization of awards and the administration of this Plan (in the case
of a committee or delegation to one or more officers, within the authority delegated to that committee or person(s)), including, without
limitation, the authority to:

(a)
determine eligibility and, from among those persons determined to be eligible, the particular Eligible Persons who will receive awards
under this Plan;

(b)
grant awards to Eligible Persons, determine the price at which securities will be offered or awarded and the number of securities to
be offered or awarded to any of such persons, determine the other specific terms and conditions of such awards consistent with the express
limits of this Plan, establish the installments (if any) in which such awards shall become exercisable or shall vest (which may include,
without limitation, performance and/or time- based schedules), or determine that no delayed exercisability or vesting is required, establish
any applicable performance targets, and establish the events of termination or reversion of such awards;

(c)
approve the forms of award agreements (which need not be identical either as to type of award or among participants);

(d)
construe and interpret this Plan and any agreements defining the rights and obligations of the Corporation, its Subsidiaries, and participants
under this Plan, further define the terms used in this Plan, and prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the administration
of this Plan or the awards granted under this Plan;

(e)
cancel, modify, or waive the Corporations rights with respect to, or modify, discontinue, suspend, or terminate any or all outstanding
awards, subject to any required consent under Section 8.6.5;

(f)
accelerate or extend the vesting or exercisability or extend the term of any or all such outstanding awards (in the case of options or
stock appreciation rights, within the maximum ten-year term of such awards) in such circumstances as the Administrator may deem appropriate
(including, without limitation, in connection with a termination of employment or services or other events of a personal nature) subject
to any required consent under Section 8.6.5;

(g)
adjust the number of shares of Common Stock subject to any award, adjust the price of any or all outstanding awards or otherwise change
previously imposed terms and conditions, in such circumstances as the Administrator may deem appropriate, in each case subject to compliance
with applicable stock exchange requirements, Sections 4 and 8.6 and the applicable requirements of Code Section 162(m) and treasury regulations
thereunder with respect to awards that are intended to satisfy the requirements for performance-based compensation under Section 162(m),
and provided that in no case (except due to an adjustment contemplated by Section 7 or any repricing that may be approved by stockholders)
shall such an adjustment constitute a repricing (by amendment, cancellation and regrant, exchange or other means) of the per share exercise
or base price of any stock option or stock appreciation right or other award granted under this Plan, and further provided that any adjustment
or change in terms made pursuant to this Section 3.2(g) shall be made in a manner that, in the good faith determination of the Administrator
will not likely result in the imposition of additional taxes or interest under Section 409A of the Code;

(h)
determine the date of grant of an award, which may be a designated date after but not before the date of the Administrators action
(unless otherwise designated by the Administrator, the date of grant of an award shall be the date upon which the Administrator took
the action granting an award);

(i)
determine whether, and the extent to which, adjustments are required pursuant to Section 7 hereof and authorize the termination, conversion,
substitution, acceleration or succession of awards upon the occurrence of an event of the type described in Section 7;

(j)
acquire or settle (subject to Sections 7 and 8.6) rights under awards in cash, stock of equivalent value, or other consideration; and

(k)
determine the Fair Market Value (as defined in Section 5.6) of the Common Stock or awards under this Plan from time to time and/or the
manner in which such value will be determined.

3.3
Binding Determinations. Any action taken by, or inaction of, the Corporation, any Subsidiary, or the Administrator relating
or pursuant to this Plan and within its authority hereunder or under applicable law shall be within the absolute discretion of that entity
or body and shall be conclusive and binding upon all persons. Neither the Board, the Administrator, nor any Board committee, nor any
member thereof or person acting at the direction thereof, shall be liable for any act, omission, interpretation, construction or determination
made in good faith in connection with this Plan (or any award made under this Plan), and all such persons shall be entitled to indemnification
and reimbursement by the Corporation in respect of any claim, loss, damage or expense (including, without limitation, legal fees) arising
or resulting therefrom to the fullest extent permitted by law and/or under any directors and officers liability insurance coverage that
may be in effect from time to time.

3.4
Reliance on Experts. In making any determination or in taking or not taking any action under this Plan, the Administrator
may obtain and may rely upon the advice of experts, including professional advisors to the Corporation. The Administrator shall not be
liable for any such action or determination taken or made or omitted in good faith based upon such advice.

3.5
Delegation of Non-Discretionary Functions. In addition to the ability to delegate certain grant authority to officers of the
Corporation as set forth in Section 3.1, the Administrator may also delegate ministerial, non- discretionary functions to individuals
who are officers or employees of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries or to third parties.

4. SHARES OF COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO THE PLAN; SHARE LIMIT

4.1
Shares Available. Subject to the provisions of Section 7.1, the capital stock available for issuance under this Plan shall
be shares of the Corporations authorized but unissued Common Stock. For purposes of this Plan, Common Stock
shall mean the common stock of the Corporation and such other securities or property as may become the subject of awards under this Plan,
or may become subject to such awards, pursuant to an adjustment made under Section 7.1.

4.2
Share Limit. The maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be delivered pursuant to awards granted to Eligible Persons
under this Plan may not exceed 12,000,000 (provided, however, the maximum number of shares of Common stock that may be delivered pursuant
to awards granted to Eligible Persons under this plan may not exceed 900,000 shares of Common Stock prior to the approval by shareholders
of the conversion of Series F and Series F-1 of the Corporation into Common Stock and conversion thereof) shares (the Share Limit)
The foregoing Share Limit is subject to adjustment as contemplated by Section 4.3, Section 7.1, and Section 8.10.

4.3
Awards Settled in Cash, Reissue of Awards and Shares. The Administrator may adopt reasonable counting procedures to ensure
appropriate counting, avoid double counting (as, for example, in the case of tandem or substitute awards) and make adjustments in accordance
with this Section 4.3. Shares shall be counted against those reserved to the extent such shares have been delivered and are no longer
subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture. Accordingly, (i) to the extent that an award under the Plan, in whole or in part, is canceled,
expired, forfeited, settled in cash, settled by delivery of fewer shares than the number of shares underlying the award, or otherwise
terminated without delivery of shares to the participant, the shares retained by or returned to the Corporation will not be deemed to
have been delivered under the Plan and will be deemed to remain or to become available under this Plan; and (ii) shares that are withheld
from such an award or separately surrendered by the participant in payment of the exercise price or taxes relating to such an award shall
be deemed to constitute shares not delivered and will be deemed to remain or to become available under the Plan. The foregoing adjustments
to the Share Limit of this Plan are subject to any applicable limitations under Section 162(m) of the Code with respect to awards intended
as performance-based compensation thereunder.

4.4
Reservation of Shares; No Fractional Shares. The Corporation shall at all times reserve a number of shares of Common Stock
sufficient to cover the Corporations obligations and contingent obligations to deliver shares with respect to awards then outstanding
under this Plan (exclusive of any dividend equivalent obligations to the extent the Corporation has the right to settle such rights in
cash). No fractional shares shall be delivered under this Plan. The Administrator may pay cash in lieu of any fractional shares in settlements
of awards under this Plan.

5. AWARDS

5.1
Type and Form of Awards. The Administrator shall determine the type or types of award(s) to be made to each selected Eligible
Person. Awards may be granted singly, in combination or in tandem. Awards also may be made in combination or in tandem with, in replacement
of, as alternatives to, or as the payment form for grants or rights under any other employee or compensation plan of the Corporation
or one of its Subsidiaries. The types of awards that may be granted under this Plan are:

5.1.1
Stock Options. A stock option is the grant of a right to purchase a specified number of shares of Common Stock during a specified
period as determined by the Administrator. An option may be intended as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of
the Code (an ISO) or a nonqualified stock option (an option not intended to be an ISO). The award agreement for
an option will indicate if the option is intended as an ISO; otherwise it will be deemed to be a nonqualified stock option. The maximum
term of each option (ISO or nonqualified) shall be ten (10) years. The per share exercise price for each ISO shall be not less than 100%
of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date of grant of the option. When an option is exercised, the exercise price
for the shares to be purchased shall be paid in full in cash or such other method permitted by the Administrator consistent with Section
5.5.

5.1.2
Additional Rules Applicable to ISOs. To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant of
the applicable option) of stock with respect to which ISOs first become exercisable by a participant in any calendar year exceeds $100,000,
taking into account both Common Stock subject to ISOs under this Plan and stock subject to ISOs under all other plans of the Corporation
or one of its Subsidiaries (or any parent or predecessor corporation to the extent required by and within the meaning of Section 422
of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder), such options shall be treated as nonqualified stock options. In reducing the
number of options treated as ISOs to meet the $100,000 limit, the most recently granted options shall be reduced first. To the extent
a reduction of simultaneously granted options is necessary to meet the $100,000 limit, the Administrator may, in the manner and to the
extent permitted by law, designate which shares of Common Stock are to be treated as shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of an ISO.
ISOs may only be granted to employees of the Corporation or one of its subsidiaries (for this purpose, the term subsidiary
is used as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code, which generally requires an unbroken chain of ownership of at least 50% of the total
combined voting power of all classes of stock of each subsidiary in the chain beginning with the Corporation and ending with the subsidiary
in question). There shall be imposed in any award agreement relating to ISOs such other terms and conditions as from time to time are
required in order that the option be an incentive stock option as that term is defined in Section 422 of the Code. No ISO
may be granted to any person who, at the time the option is granted, owns (or is deemed to own under Section 424(d) of the Code) shares
of outstanding Common Stock possessing more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Corporation, unless
the exercise price of such option is at least 110% of the Fair Market Value of the stock subject to the option and such option by its
terms is not exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date such option is granted.

5.1.3
Stock Appreciation Rights. A stock appreciation right or SAR is a right to receive a payment, in cash
and/or Common Stock, equal to the number of shares of Common Stock being exercised multiplied by the excess of (i) the Fair Market Value
of a share of Common Stock on the date the SAR is exercised, over (ii) the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date the
SAR was granted as specified in the applicable award agreement (the base price). The maximum term of a SAR shall
be ten (10) years.

5.1.4
Restricted Shares.

(a)
Restrictions. Restricted shares are shares of Common Stock subject to such restrictions on transferability, risk of forfeiture
and other restrictions, if any, as the Administrator may impose, which restrictions may lapse separately or in combination at such times,
under such circumstances (including based on achievement of performance goals and/or future service requirements), in such installments
or otherwise, as the Administrator may determine at the date of grant or thereafter. Except to the extent restricted under the terms
of this Plan and the applicable award agreement relating to the restricted stock, a participant granted restricted stock shall have all
of the rights of a shareholder, including the right to vote the restricted stock and the right to receive dividends thereon (subject
to any mandatory reinvestment or other requirement imposed by the Administrator).

(b)
Certificates for Shares. Restricted shares granted under this Plan may be evidenced in such manner as the Administrator shall
determine. If certificates representing restricted stock are registered in the name of the participant, the Administrator may require
that such certificates bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to such restricted stock,
that the Corporation retain physical possession of the certificates, and that the participant deliver a stock power to the Corporation,
endorsed in blank, relating to the restricted stock. The Administrator may require that restricted shares are held in escrow until all
restrictions lapse

(c)
Dividends and Splits. As a condition to the grant of an award of restricted stock, subject to applicable law, the Administrator
may require or permit a participant to elect that any cash dividends paid on a share of restricted stock be automatically reinvested
in additional shares of restricted stock or applied to the purchase of additional awards under this Plan. Unless otherwise determined
by the Administrator, stock distributed in connection with a stock split or stock dividend, and other property distributed as a dividend,
shall be subject to restrictions and a risk of forfeiture to the same extent as the restricted stock with respect to which such stock
or other property has been distributed.

5.1.5
Restricted Share Units.

(a)
Grant of Restricted Share Units. A restricted share unit, or RSU, represents the right to receive from the
Corporation on the respective scheduled vesting or payment date for such RSU, one Common Share. An award of RSUs may be subject to the
attainment of specified performance goals or targets, forfeitability provisions and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator
may determine, subject to the provisions of this Plan. At the time an award of RSUs is made, the Administrator shall establish a period
of time during which the restricted share units shall vest and the timing for settlement of the RSU.

(b)
Dividend Equivalent Accounts. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the applicable award agreement, as well as any
procedures established by the Administrator, prior to the expiration of the applicable vesting period of an RSU, the Administrator may
determine to pay dividend equivalent rights with respect to RSUs, in which case, the Corporation shall establish an account for the participant
and reflect in that account any securities, cash or other property comprising any dividend or property distribution with respect to the
shares of Common Stock underlying each RSU. Each amount or other property credited to any such account shall be subject to the same vesting
conditions as the RSU to which it relates. The participant shall have the right to be paid the amounts or other property credited to
such account upon vesting of the subject RSU.

(c)
Rights as a Shareholder. Subject to the restrictions imposed under the terms and conditions of this Plan and the applicable award
agreement, each participant receiving RSUs shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to such RSUs until such time as shares
of Common Stock are issued to the participant. No shares of Common Stock shall be issued at the time a RSU is granted, and the Company
will not be required to set aside a fund for the payment of any such award. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable award agreement,
shares of Common Stock issuable under an RSU shall be treated as issued on the first date that the holder of the RSU is no longer subject
to a substantial risk of forfeiture as determined for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, and the holder shall be the owner of such
shares of Common Stock on such date. An award agreement may provide that issuance of shares of Common Stock under an RSU may be deferred
beyond the first date that the RSU is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, provided that such deferral is structured
in a manner that is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code.

5.1.6
Cash Awards. The Administrator may, from time to time, subject to the provisions of the Plan and such other terms and conditions
as it may determine, grant cash bonuses (including without limitation, discretionary awards, awards based on objective or subjective
performance criteria, awards subject to other vesting criteria or awards granted consistent with Section 5.2 below). Cash awards shall
be awarded in such amount and at such times during the term of the Plan as the Administrator shall determine.

5.1.7
Other Awards. The other types of awards that may be granted under this Plan include: (a) stock bonuses, performance stock,
performance units, dividend equivalents, or similar rights to purchase or acquire shares, whether at a fixed or variable price or ratio
related to the Common Stock (subject to the requirements of Section 5.1.1 and in compliance with applicable laws), upon the passage of
time, the occurrence of one or more events, or the satisfaction of performance criteria or other conditions, or any combination thereof;
or (b) any similar securities with a value derived from the value of or related to the Common Stock and/or returns thereon.

5.2
Section 162(m) Performance-Based Awards. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any of the types of awards listed
in Sections 5.1.4 through 5.1.7 above may be, and options and SARs granted with an exercise or base price not less than the Fair Market
Value of a share of Common Stock at the date of grant (Qualifying Options and Qualifying SARs ,
respectively) typically will be, granted as awards intended to satisfy the requirements for performance-based compensation
within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code (Performance-Based Awards) . The grant, vesting, exercisability
or payment of Performance-Based Awards may depend (or, in the case of Qualifying Options or Qualifying SARs, may also depend) on the
degree of achievement of one or more performance goals relative to a pre-established targeted level or levels using the Business Criteria
provided for below for the Corporation on a consolidated basis or for one or more of the Corporations subsidiaries, segments,
divisions or business units, or any combination of the foregoing. Such criteria may be evaluated on an absolute basis or relative to
prior periods, industry peers, or stock market indices. Any Qualifying Option or Qualifying SAR shall be subject to the requirements
of Section 5.2.1 and 5.2.3 in order for such award to satisfy the requirements for performance-based compensation under
Section 162(m) of the Code. Any other Performance-Based Award shall be subject to all of the following provisions of this Section 5.2.

5.2.1
Class; Administrator. The eligible class of persons for Performance-Based Awards under this Section 5.2 shall be officers
and employees of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries. The Administrator approving Performance-Based Awards or making any certification
required pursuant to Section 5.2.4 must be constituted as provided in Section 3.1 for awards that are intended as performance-based compensation
under Section 162(m) of the Code.

5.2.2
Performance Goals. The specific performance goals for Performance-Based Awards (other than Qualifying Options and Qualifying
SARs) shall be, on an absolute or relative basis, established based on such business criteria as selected by the Administrator in its
sole discretion (Business Criteria), including the following: (1) earnings per share, (2) cash flow (which means
cash and cash equivalents derived from either (i) net cash flow from operations or (ii) net cash flow from operations, financing and
investing activities), (3) total stockholder return, (4) price per share of Common Stock, (5) gross revenue, (6) revenue growth, (7)
operating income (before or after taxes), (8) net earnings (before or after interest, taxes, depreciation and/or amortization), (9) return
on equity, (10) capital employed, or on assets or on net investment, (11) cost containment or reduction, (12) cash cost per ounce of
production, (13) operating margin, (14) debt reduction, (15) resource amounts, (16) production or production growth, (17) resource replacement
or resource growth, (18) successful completion of financings, or (19) any combination of the foregoing. To qualify awards as performance-based
under Section 162(m), the applicable Business Criterion (or Business Criteria, as the case may be) and specific performance goal or goals
(targets) must be established and approved by the Administrator during the first 90 days of the performance period
(and, in the case of performance periods of less than one year, in no event after 25% or more of the performance period has elapsed)
and while performance relating to such target(s) remains substantially uncertain within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code. Performance
targets shall be adjusted to mitigate the unbudgeted impact of material, unusual or nonrecurring gains and losses, accounting changes
or other extraordinary events not foreseen at the time the targets were set unless the Administrator provides otherwise at the time of
establishing the targets; provided that the Administrator may not make any adjustment to the extent it would adversely affect the qualification
of any compensation payable under such performance targets as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of Code.
The applicable performance measurement period may not be less than 3 months nor more than 10 years.

5.2.3
Form of Payment. Grants or awards intended to qualify under this Section 5.2 may be paid in cash or shares of Common Stock
or any combination thereof.

5.2.4
Certification of Payment. Before any Performance-Based Award under this Section 5.2 (other than Qualifying Options and Qualifying
SARs) is paid and to the extent required to qualify the award as performance- based compensation within the meaning of Section 162(m)
of the Code, the Administrator must certify in writing that the performance target(s) and any other material terms of the Performance-Based
Award were in fact timely satisfied.

5.2.5
Reservation of Discretion. The Administrator will have the discretion to determine the restrictions or other limitations of
the individual awards granted under this Section 5.2 including the authority to reduce awards, payouts or vesting or to pay no awards,
in its sole discretion, if the Administrator preserves such authority at the time of grant by language to this effect in its authorizing
resolutions or otherwise.

5.2.6
Expiration of Grant Authority. As required pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder,
the Administrators authority to grant new awards that are intended to qualify as performance-based compensation within the meaning
of Section 162(m) of the Code (other than Qualifying Options and Qualifying SARs) shall terminate upon the first meeting of the Corporations
stockholders that occurs in the fifth year following the year in which the Corporations stockholders first approve this Plan (the
162(m) Term) .

5.2.7
Compensation Limitations. The maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued to any Eligible Person
during the term of this Plan pursuant to Qualifying Options and Qualifying SARs may not exceed the Share Limit. The maximum aggregate
number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued to any Eligible Person pursuant to Performance-Based Awards granted during the 162(m)
Term (other than cash awards granted pursuant to Section 5.1.6 and Qualifying Options or Qualifying SARs) may not exceed the Share Limit.
The maximum amount that may be paid to any Eligible Person pursuant to Performance-Based Awards granted pursuant to Sections 5.1.6 (cash
awards) during the 162(m) Term may not exceed $1,000,000.

5.3
Award Agreements. Each award shall be evidenced by a written or electronic award agreement in the form approved by the Administrator
and, if required by the Administrator, executed by the recipient of the award. The Administrator may authorize any officer of the Corporation
(other than the particular award recipient) to execute any or all award agreements on behalf of the Corporation (electronically or otherwise).
The award agreement shall set forth the material terms and conditions of the award as established by the Administrator consistent with
the express limitations of this Plan.

5.4
Deferrals and Settlements. Payment of awards may be in the form of cash, Common Stock, other awards or combinations thereof
as the Administrator shall determine, and with such restrictions as it may impose. The Administrator may also require or permit participants
to elect to defer the issuance of shares of Common Stock or the settlement of awards in cash under such rules and procedures as it may
establish under this Plan. The Administrator may also provide that deferred settlements include the payment or crediting of interest
or other earnings on the deferral amounts, or the payment or crediting of dividend equivalents where the deferred amounts are denominated
in shares. All mandatory or elective deferrals of the issuance of shares of Common Stock or the settlement of cash awards shall be structured
in a manner that is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code.

5.5
Consideration for Common Stock or Awards. The purchase price for any award granted under this Plan or the Common Stock to
be delivered pursuant to an award, as applicable, may be paid by means of any lawful consideration as determined by the Administrator
and subject to compliance with applicable laws, including, without limitation, one or a combination of the following methods:

services
rendered by the recipient of such award;

cash,
check payable to the order of the Corporation, or electronic funds transfer;

notice
and third party payment in such manner as may be authorized by the Administrator;

the
delivery of previously owned shares of Common Stock that are fully vested and unencumbered;

by
a reduction in the number of shares otherwise deliverable pursuant to the award; or

subject to such
procedures as the Administrator may adopt, pursuant to a cashless exercise with a third party who provides funding
for such exercise.

In
the event that the Administrator allows a participant to exercise an award by delivering shares of Common Stock previously owned by such
participant and unless otherwise expressly provided by the Administrator, any shares delivered which were initially acquired by the participant
from the Corporation (upon exercise of a stock option or otherwise) must have been owned by the participant at least six months as of
the date of delivery (or such other period as may be required by the Administrator in order to avoid adverse accounting treatment). Shares
of Common Stock used to satisfy the exercise price of an option shall be valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of exercise. The
Corporation will not be obligated to deliver any shares unless and until it receives full payment of the exercise or purchase price therefor
and any related withholding obligations under Section 8.5 and any other conditions to exercise or purchase, as established from time
to time by the Administrator, have been satisfied. Unless otherwise expressly provided in the applicable award agreement, the Administrator
may at any time eliminate or limit a participants ability to pay the purchase or exercise price of any award by any method other
than cash payment to the Corporation.

5.6
Definition of Fair Market Value. For purposes of this Plan Fair Market Value shall mean, unless otherwise
determined or provided by the Administrator in the circumstances, the closing price for a share of Common Stock on the trading day immediately
before the grant date, as furnished by the NASDAQ Stock Market or other principal stock exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed
for the date in question, or if the Common Stock is no longer listed on a principal stock exchange, then by the Over-the-Counter Bulletin
Board or OTC Markets. If the Common Stock is no longer listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market or listed on a principal stock exchange or
is no longer actively traded on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board or OTC Markets as of the applicable date, the Fair Market Value of
the Common Stock shall be the value as reasonably determined by the Administrator for purposes of the award in the circumstances.

5.7
Transfer Restrictions.

5.7.1
Limitations on Exercise and Transfer. Unless otherwise expressly provided in (or pursuant to) this Section 5.7, by applicable
law and by the award agreement, as the same may be amended, (a) all awards are non- transferable and shall not be subject in any manner
to sale, transfer, anticipation, alienation, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge; (b) awards shall be exercised only by the participant;
and (c) amounts payable or shares issuable pursuant to any award shall be delivered only to (or for the account of) the participant.

5.7.2
Exceptions. The Administrator may permit awards to be exercised by and paid to, or otherwise transferred to, other persons
or entities pursuant to such conditions and procedures, including limitations on subsequent transfers, as the Administrator may, in its
sole discretion, establish in writing (provided that any such transfers of ISOs shall be limited to the extent permitted under the federal
tax laws governing ISOs). Any permitted transfer shall be subject to compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws.

5.7.3
Further Exceptions to Limits on Transfer. The exercise and transfer restrictions in Section 5.7.1 shall not apply to:

(a)
transfers to the Corporation,

(b)
the designation of a beneficiary to receive benefits in the event of the participants death or, if the participant has died, transfers
to or exercise by the participants beneficiary, or, in the absence of a validly designated beneficiary, transfers by will or the
laws of descent and distribution,

(c)
subject to any applicable limitations on ISOs, transfers to a family member (or former family member) pursuant to a domestic relations
order if approved or ratified by the Administrator,

(d)
subject to any applicable limitations on ISOs, if the participant has suffered a disability, permitted transfers or exercises on behalf
of the participant by his or her legal representative, or

(e)
the authorization by the Administrator of cashless exercise procedures with third parties who provide financing for the
purpose of (or who otherwise facilitate) the exercise of awards consistent with applicable laws and the express authorization of the
Administrator.

5.8
International Awards. One or more awards may be granted to Eligible Persons who provide services to the Corporation or one
of its Subsidiaries outside of the United States. Any awards granted to such persons may, if deemed necessary or advisable by the Administrator,
be granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of any applicable sub-plans, if any, appended to this Plan and approved by the Administrator.

5.9
Vesting. Subject to Sections 5.1.2 and 5.10 hereof, awards shall vest at such time or times and subject to such terms and
conditions as shall be determined by the Administrator at the time of grant; provided, however , that in the absence of any award
vesting periods designated by the Administrator at the time of grant in the applicable award agreement, awards shall vest as to one-third
of the total number of shares subject to the award on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the date of grant.

6. EFFECT
OF TERMINATION OF SERVICE ON AWARDS

6.1
Termination of Employment.

6.1.1
The Administrator shall establish the effect of a termination of employment or service on the rights and benefits under each award
under this Plan and in so doing may make distinctions based upon, inter alia, the cause of termination and type of award. If the participant
is not an employee of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries and provides other services to the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries,
the Administrator shall be the sole judge for purposes of this Plan (unless a contract or the award agreement otherwise provides) of
whether the participant continues to render services to the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries and the date, if any, upon which such
services shall be deemed to have terminated.

6.1.2
For awards of stock options or SARs, unless the award agreement provides otherwise, the exercise period of such options or SARs shall
expire: (1) three months after the last day that the participant is employed by or provides services to the Corporation or a Subsidiary
(provided; however, that in the event of the participants death during this period, those persons entitled to exercise the option
or SAR pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution shall have one year following the date of death within which to exercise such
option or SAR); (2) in the case of a participant whose termination of employment is due to death or disability (as defined in the applicable
award agreement), 12 months after the last day that the participant is employed by or provides services to the Corporation or a Subsidiary;
and (3) immediately upon a participants termination for cause. The Administrator will, in its absolute discretion,
determine the effect of all matters and questions relating to a termination of employment, including, but not by way of limitation, the
question of whether a leave of absence constitutes a termination of employment and whether a participants termination is for cause.

If
not defined in the applicable award agreement, Cause shall mean:

(i)
conviction of a felony or a crime involving fraud or moral turpitude; or

(ii)
theft, material act of dishonesty or fraud, intentional falsification of any employment or Company records, or commission of any criminal
act which impairs participants ability to perform appropriate employment duties for the Corporation; or

(iii)
intentional or reckless conduct or gross negligence materially harmful to the Company or the successor to the Corporation after a Change
in Control, including violation of a non-competition or confidentiality agreement; or

(iv)
willful failure to follow lawful instructions of the person or body to which participant reports;

or

(v)
gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of participants assigned duties. Cause shall not include mere
unsatisfactory performance in the achievement of participants job objectives.

6.1.3
For awards of restricted shares, unless the award agreement provides otherwise, restricted shares that are subject to restrictions
at the time that a participant whose employment or service is terminated shall be forfeited and reacquired by the Corporation; provided
that, the Administrator may provide, by rule or regulation or in any award agreement, or may determine in any individual case, that
restrictions or forfeiture conditions relating to restricted shares shall be waived in whole or in part in the event of terminations
resulting from specified causes, and the Administrator may in other cases waive in whole or in part the forfeiture of restricted shares.
Similar rules shall apply in respect of RSUs.

6.2
Events Not Deemed Terminations of Service. Unless the express policy of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries, or the
Administrator, otherwise provides, the employment relationship shall not be considered terminated in the case of (a) sick leave, (b)
military leave, or (c) any other leave of absence authorized by the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries, or the Administrator; provided
that unless reemployment upon the expiration of such leave is guaranteed by contract or law, such leave is for a period of not more than
3 months. In the case of any employee of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries on an approved leave of absence, continued vesting
of the award while on leave from the employ of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries may be suspended until the employee returns
to service, unless the Administrator otherwise provides or applicable law otherwise requires. In no event shall an award be exercised
after the expiration of the term set forth in the award agreement.

6.3
Effect of Change of Subsidiary Status. For purposes of this Plan and any award, if an entity ceases to be a Subsidiary of
the Corporation, a termination of employment or service shall be deemed to have occurred with respect to each Eligible Person in respect
of such Subsidiary who does not continue as an Eligible Person in respect of another entity within the Corporation or another Subsidiary
that continues as such after giving effect to the transaction or other event giving rise to the change in status.

7. ADJUSTMENTS;
ACCELERATION

7.1
Adjustments. Upon or in contemplation of any of the following events described in this Section 7.1,: any reclassification,
recapitalization, stock split (including a stock split in the form of a stock dividend) or reverse stock split (stock split)
; any merger, arrangement, combination, consolidation, or other reorganization; any spin- off, split-up, or similar extraordinary dividend
distribution in respect of the Common Stock (whether in the form of securities or property); any exchange of Common Stock or other securities
of the Corporation, or any similar, unusual or extraordinary corporate transaction in respect of the Common Stock; then the Administrator
shall in such manner, to such extent and at such time as it deems appropriate and equitable in the circumstances (but subject to compliance
with applicable laws and stock exchange requirements) proportionately adjust any or all of (1) the number and type of shares of Common
Stock (or other securities) that thereafter may be made the subject of awards (including the number of shares provided for in this Plan),
(2) the number, amount and type of shares of Common Stock (or other securities or property) subject to any or all outstanding awards,
(3) the grant, purchase, or exercise price (which term includes the base price of any SAR or similar right) of any or all outstanding
awards, (4) the securities, cash or other property deliverable upon exercise or payment of any outstanding awards, and (5) the 162(m)
compensation limitations set forth in Section 5.2.7 and (subject to Section 8.8.3(a)) the performance standards applicable to any outstanding
awards (provided that no adjustment shall be allowed to the extent inconsistent with the requirements of Code section 162(m)). Any adjustment
made pursuant to this Section 7.1 shall be made in a manner that, in the good faith determination of the Administrator, will not likely
result in the imposition of additional taxes or interest under Section 409A of the Code. With respect to any award of an ISO, the Administrator
may make such an adjustment that causes the option to cease to qualify as an ISO without the consent of the affected participant.

7.2
Change in Control. Upon a Change in Control, each then-outstanding option and SAR shall automatically become fully vested,
all restricted shares then outstanding shall automatically fully vest free of restrictions, and each other award granted under this Plan
that is then outstanding shall automatically become vested and payable to the holder of such award unless the Administrator
has made appropriate provision for the substitution, assumption, exchange or other continuation of the award pursuant to the Change in
Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator, in its sole and absolute discretion, may choose (in an award agreement or
otherwise) to provide for full or partial accelerated vesting of any award upon a Change In Control (or upon any other event or other
circumstance related to the Change in Control, such as an involuntary termination of employment occurring after such Change in Control,
as the Administrator may determine), irrespective of whether such any such award has been substituted, assumed, exchanged or otherwise
continued pursuant to the Change in Control.

For
purposes of this Plan, Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if:

(i)
a tender offer (or series of related offers) shall be made and consummated for the ownership of 50% or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the Corporation, unless as a result of such tender offer more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving
or resulting corporation shall be owned in the aggregate by the stockholders of the Corporation (as of the time immediately prior to
the commencement of such offer), any employee benefit plan of the Corporation or its Subsidiaries, and their affiliates;

(ii)
the Corporation shall be merged or consolidated with another entity, unless as a result of such merger or consolidation more than 50%
of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving or resulting entity shall be owned in the aggregate by the stockholders of the
Corporation (as of the time immediately prior to such transaction), any employee benefit plan of the Corporation or its Subsidiaries,
and their affiliates;

(iii)
the Corporation shall sell substantially all of its assets to another entity that is not wholly owned by the Corporation, unless as a
result of such sale more than 50% of such assets shall be owned in the aggregate by the stockholders of the Corporation (as of the time
immediately prior to such transaction), any employee benefit plan of the Corporation or its Subsidiaries and their affiliates; or

(iv)
a Person (as defined below) shall acquire 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the Corporation (whether directly, indirectly,
beneficially or of record), unless as a result of such acquisition more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving
or resulting corporation shall be owned in the aggregate by the stockholders of the Corporation (as of the time immediately prior to
the first acquisition of such securities by such Person), any employee benefit plan of the Corporation or its Subsidiaries, and their
affiliates.

For
purposes of this Section 5(c), ownership of voting securities shall take into account and shall include ownership as determined by applying
the provisions of Rule 13d-3(d)(I)(i) (as in effect on the date hereof) under the Exchange Act. In addition, for such purposes, Person
shall have the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof; provided
, however , that a Person shall not include (A) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (B) a trustee or other fiduciary holding
securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (C) an underwriter temporarily holding securities
pursuant to an offering of such securities; or (D) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in
substantially the same proportion as their ownership of stock of the Company.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, (1) the Administrator may waive the requirement described in paragraph (iv) above that a Person must acquire more than
50% of the outstanding voting securities of the Corporation for a Change in Control to have occurred if the Administrator determines
that the percentage acquired by a person is significant (as determined by the Administrator in its discretion) and that waiving such
condition is appropriate in light of all facts and circumstances, and (2) no compensation that has been deferred for purposes of Section
409A of the Code shall be payable as a result of a Change in Control unless the Change in Control qualifies as a change in ownership
or effective control of the Corporation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code.

7.3
Early Termination of Awards. Any award that has been accelerated as required or permitted by Section 7.2 upon a Change in
Control (or would have been so accelerated but for Section 7.4 or 7.5) shall terminate upon such event, subject to any provision that
has been expressly made by the Administrator, through a plan of reorganization or otherwise, for the survival, substitution, assumption,
exchange or other continuation of such award and provided that, in the case of options and SARs that will not survive, be substituted
for, assumed, exchanged, or otherwise continued in the transaction, the holder of such award shall be given reasonable advance notice
of the impending termination and a reasonable opportunity to exercise his or her outstanding options and SARs in accordance with their
terms before the termination of such awards (except that in no case shall more than ten days notice of accelerated vesting and
the impending termination be required and any acceleration may be made contingent upon the actual occurrence of the event).

The
Administrator may make provision for payment in cash or property (or both) in respect of awards terminated pursuant to this section as
a result of the Change in Control and may adopt such valuation methodologies for outstanding awards as it deems reasonable and, in the
case of options, SARs or similar rights, and without limiting other methodologies, may base such settlement solely upon the excess if
any of the per share amount payable upon or in respect of such event over the exercise or base price of the award.

7.4
Other Acceleration Rules. Any acceleration of awards pursuant to this Section 7 shall comply with applicable legal and stock
exchange requirements and, if necessary to accomplish the purposes of the acceleration or if the circumstances require, may be deemed
by the Administrator to occur a limited period of time not greater than 30 days before the event. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, the Administrator may deem an acceleration to occur immediately prior to the applicable event and/or reinstate the original
terms of an award if an event giving rise to the acceleration does not occur. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the
contrary, the Administrator may override the provisions of Section 7.2, 7.3, and/or 7.5 by express provision in the award agreement or
otherwise. The portion of any ISO accelerated pursuant to Section 7.2 or any other action permitted hereunder shall remain exercisable
as an ISO only to the extent the applicable $100,000 limitation on ISOs is not exceeded. To the extent exceeded, the accelerated portion
of the option shall be exercisable as a nonqualified stock option under the Code.

7.5
Possible Rescission of Acceleration. If the vesting of an award has been accelerated expressly in anticipation of an event
and the Administrator later determines that the event will not occur, the Administrator may rescind the effect of the acceleration as
to any then outstanding and unexercised or otherwise unvested awards; provided, that , in the case of any compensation that has
been deferred for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, the Administrator determines that such rescission will not likely result in the
imposition of additional tax or interest under Code Section 409A.

8. OTHER
PROVISIONS

8.1
Compliance with Laws. This Plan, the granting and vesting of awards under this Plan, the offer, issuance and delivery of shares
of Common Stock, the acceptance of promissory notes and/or the payment of money under this Plan or under awards are subject to compliance
with all applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations (including but not limited to state and federal securities law, federal
margin requirements) and to such approvals by any applicable stock exchange listing, regulatory or governmental authority as may, in
the opinion of counsel for the Corporation, be necessary or advisable in connection therewith. The person acquiring any securities under
this Plan will, if requested by the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries, provide such assurances and representations to the Corporation
or one of its Subsidiaries as the Administrator may deem necessary or desirable to assure compliance with all applicable legal and accounting
requirements.

8.2
Future Awards/Other Rights. No person shall have any claim or rights to be granted an award (or additional awards, as the
case may be) under this Plan, subject to any express contractual rights (set forth in a document other than this Plan) to the contrary.

8.3
No Employment/Service Contract. Nothing contained in this Plan (or in any other documents under this Plan or in any award)
shall confer upon any Eligible Person or other participant any right to continue in the employ or other service of the Corporation or
one of its Subsidiaries, constitute any contract or agreement of employment or other service or affect an employees status as
an employee at will, nor shall interfere in any way with the right of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries to change a persons
compensation or other benefits, or to terminate his or her employment or other service, with or without cause. Nothing in this Section
8.3, however, is intended to adversely affect any express independent right of such person under a separate employment or service contract
other than an award agreement.

8.4
Plan Not Funded. Awards payable under this Plan shall be payable in shares or from the general assets of the Corporation,
and no special or separate reserve, fund or deposit shall be made to assure payment of such awards. No participant, beneficiary or other
person shall have any right, title or interest in any fund or in any specific asset (including shares of Common Stock, except as expressly
otherwise provided) of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries by reason of any award hereunder. Neither the provisions of this Plan
(or of any related documents), nor the creation or adoption of this Plan, nor any action taken pursuant to the provisions of this Plan
shall create, or be construed to create, a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries
and any participant, beneficiary or other person. To the extent that a participant, beneficiary or other person acquires a right to receive
payment pursuant to any award hereunder, such right shall be no greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the Corporation.

8.5
Tax Withholding. Upon any exercise, vesting, or payment of any award, the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries shall have
the right at its option to:

(a)
require the participant (or the participants personal representative or beneficiary, as the case may be) to pay or provide for
payment of at least the minimum amount of any taxes which the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries may be required to withhold with
respect to such award event or payment; or

(b)
deduct from any amount otherwise payable in cash to the participant (or the participants personal representative or beneficiary,
as the case may be) the minimum amount of any taxes which the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries may be required to withhold with
respect to such cash payment.

In
any case where a tax is required to be withheld in connection with the delivery of shares of Common Stock under this Plan, the Administrator
may in its sole discretion (subject to Section 8.1) grant (either at the time of the award or thereafter) to the participant the right
to elect, pursuant to such rules and subject to such conditions as the Administrator may establish, to have the Corporation reduce the
number of shares to be delivered by (or otherwise reacquire) the appropriate number of shares, valued in a consistent manner at their
Fair Market Value or at the sales price in accordance with authorized procedures for cashless exercises, necessary to satisfy the minimum
applicable withholding obligation on exercise, vesting or payment. In no event shall the shares withheld exceed the minimum whole number
of shares required for tax withholding under applicable law.

8.6
Effective Date, Termination and Suspension,
Amendments.

8.6.1
Effective Date and Termination. This Plan was approved by the Board and became effective on February 10, 2025. Unless earlier
terminated by the Board, this Plan shall terminate at the close of business on February 10, 2035. After the termination of this Plan
either upon such stated expiration date or its earlier termination by the Board, no additional awards may be granted under this Plan,
but previously granted awards (and the authority of the Administrator with respect thereto, including the authority to amend such awards)
shall remain outstanding in accordance with their applicable terms and conditions and the terms and conditions of this Plan.

8.6.2
Board Authorization. The Board may, at any time, terminate or, from time to time, amend, modify or suspend this Plan, in whole
or in part. No awards may be granted during any period that the Board suspends this Plan.

8.6.3
Stockholder Approval. To the extent then required by applicable law or any applicable stock exchange or required under Sections
162, 422 or 424 of the Code to preserve the intended tax consequences of this Plan, or deemed necessary or advisable by the Board, this
Plan and any amendment to this Plan shall be subject to stockholder approval.

8.6.4
Amendments to Awards. Without limiting any other express authority of the Administrator under (but subject to) the express
limits of this Plan, the Administrator by agreement or resolution may waive conditions of or limitations on awards to participants that
the Administrator in the prior exercise of its discretion has imposed, without the consent of a participant, and (subject to the requirements
of Sections 3.2 and 8.6.5) may make other changes to the terms and conditions of awards. Any amendment or other action that would constitute
a repricing of an award is subject to the limitations set forth in Section 3.2(g).

8.6.5
Limitations on Amendments to Plan and Awards. No amendment, suspension or termination of this Plan or change of or affecting
any outstanding award shall, without written consent of the participant, affect in any manner materially adverse to the participant any
rights or benefits of the participant or obligations of the Corporation under any award granted under this Plan prior to the effective
date of such change. Changes, settlements and other actions contemplated by Section 7 shall not be deemed to constitute changes or amendments
for purposes of this Section 8.6.

8.7
Privileges of Stock Ownership. Except as otherwise expressly authorized by the Administrator or this Plan, a participant shall
not be entitled to any privilege of stock ownership as to any shares of Common Stock not actually delivered to and held of record by
the participant. No adjustment will be made for dividends or other rights as a stockholder for which a record date is prior to such date
of delivery.

8.8
Governing Law; Construction; Severability.

8.8.1
Choice of Law. This Plan, the awards, all documents evidencing awards and all other related documents shall be governed by,
and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada.

8.8.2
Severability. If a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision invalid and unenforceable, the remaining provisions
of this Plan shall continue in effect.

8.8.3
Plan Construction.

(a)
Rule 16b-3. It is the intent of the Corporation that the awards and transactions permitted by awards be interpreted in a manner
that, in the case of participants who are or may be subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, qualify, to the maximum extent compatible
with the express terms of the award, for exemption from matching liability under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Corporation shall have no liability to any participant for Section 16 consequences of awards or events under awards
if an award or event does not so qualify.

(b)
Section 162(m). Awards under Sections 5.1.4 through 5.1.7 to persons described in Section 5.2 that are either granted or become
vested, exercisable or payable based on attainment of one or more performance goals related to the Business Criteria, as well as Qualifying
Options and Qualifying SARs granted to persons described in Section 5.2, that are approved by a committee composed solely of two or more
outside directors (as this requirement is applied under Section 162(m) of the Code) shall be deemed to be intended as performance-based
compensation within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code unless such committee provides otherwise at the time of grant of the award.
It is the further intent of the Corporation that (to the extent the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries or awards under this Plan
may be or become subject to limitations on deductibility under Section 162(m) of the Code) any such awards and any other Performance-Based
Awards under Section 5.2 that are granted to or held by a person subject to Section 162(m) will qualify as performance-based compensation
or otherwise be exempt from deductibility limitations under Section 162(m).

(c)
Code Section 409A Compliance. The Board intends that, except as may be otherwise determined by the Administrator, any awards under
the Plan are either exempt from or satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and related regulations and Treasury pronouncements
(Section 409A) to avoid the imposition of any taxes, including additional income or penalty taxes, thereunder. If
the Administrator determines that an award, award agreement, acceleration, adjustment to the terms of an award, payment, distribution,
deferral election, transaction or any other action or arrangement contemplated by the provisions of the Plan would, if undertaken, cause
a participants award to become subject to Section 409A, unless the Administrator expressly determines otherwise, such award, award
agreement, payment, acceleration, adjustment, distribution, deferral election, transaction or other action or arrangement shall not be
undertaken and the related provisions of the Plan and/or award agreement will be deemed modified or, if necessary, rescinded in order
to comply with the requirements of Section 409A to the extent determined by the Administrator without the content or notice to the participant.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Company nor the Administrator shall have any obligation to take any action to prevent the
assessment of any excise tax or penalty on any participant under Section 409A and neither the Company nor the Administrator will have
any liability to any participant for such tax or penalty.

(d)
No Guarantee of Favorable Tax Treatment. Although the Company intends that awards under the Plan will be exempt from, or will
comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, the Company does not warrant that any award under the Plan will qualify for
favorable tax treatment under Section 409A of the Code or any other provision of federal, state, local or foreign law. The Company shall
not be liable to any participant for any tax, interest or penalties the participant might owe as a result of the grant, holding, vesting,
exercise or payment of any award under the Plan

8.9
Captions. Captions and headings are given to the sections and subsections of this Plan solely as a convenience to facilitate
reference. Such headings shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction or interpretation of this Plan or any
provision thereof.

8.10
Stock-Based Awards in Substitution for Stock Options or Awards Granted by Other Corporation. Awards may be granted to Eligible
Persons in substitution for or in connection with an assumption of employee stock options, SARs, restricted stock or other stock-based
awards granted by other entities to persons who are or who will become Eligible Persons in respect of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries,
in connection with a distribution, arrangement, business combination, merger or other reorganization by or with the granting entity or
an affiliated entity, or the acquisition by the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, of all or a substantial
part of the stock or assets of the employing entity. The awards so granted need not comply with other specific terms of this Plan, provided
the awards reflect only adjustments giving effect to the assumption or substitution consistent with the conversion applicable to the
Common Stock in the transaction and any change in the issuer of the security. Any shares that are delivered and any awards that are granted
by, or become obligations of, the Corporation, as a result of the assumption by the Corporation of, or in substitution for, outstanding
awards previously granted by an acquired company (or previously granted by a predecessor employer (or direct or indirect parent thereof)
in the case of persons that become employed by the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries in connection with a business or asset acquisition
or similar transaction) shall not be counted against the Share Limit or other limits on the number of shares available for issuance under
this Plan, except as may otherwise be provided by the Administrator at the time of such assumption or substitution or as may be required
to comply with the requirements of any applicable stock exchange.

8.11
Non-Exclusivity of Plan. Nothing in this Plan shall limit or be deemed to limit the authority of the Board or the Administrator
to grant awards or authorize any other compensation, with or without reference to the Common Stock, under any other plan or authority.

8.12
No Corporate Action Restriction. The existence of this Plan, the award agreements and the awards granted hereunder shall not
limit, affect or restrict in any way the right or power of the Board or the stockholders of the Corporation to make or authorize: (a)
any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the capital structure or business of the Corporation or any Subsidiary,
(b) any merger, arrangement, business combination, amalgamation, consolidation or change in the ownership of the Corporation or any Subsidiary,
(c) any issue of bonds, debentures, capital, preferred or prior preference stock ahead of or affecting the capital stock (or the rights
thereof) of the Corporation or any Subsidiary, (d) any dissolution or liquidation of the Corporation or any Subsidiary, (e) any sale
or transfer of all or any part of the assets or business of the Corporation or any Subsidiary, or (f) any other corporate act or proceeding
by the Corporation or any Subsidiary. No participant, beneficiary or any other person shall have any claim under any award or award agreement
against any member of the Board or the Administrator, or the Corporation or any employees, officers or agents of the Corporation or any
Subsidiary, as a result of any such action.

8.13
Other Corporation Benefit and Compensation Programs. Payments and other benefits received by a participant under an award
made pursuant to this Plan shall not be deemed a part of a participants compensation for purposes of the determination of benefits
under any other employee welfare or benefit plans or arrangements, if any, provided by the Corporation or any Subsidiary, except where
the Administrator expressly otherwise provides or authorizes in writing or except as otherwise specifically set forth in the terms and
conditions of such other employee welfare or benefit plan or arrangement. Awards under this Plan may be made in addition to, in combination
with, as alternatives to or in payment of grants, awards or commitments under any other plans or arrangements of the Corporation or its
Subsidiaries.

8.14
Prohibition on Repricing. Subject to Section 4, the Administrator shall not, without the approval of the stockholders of the
Corporation (i) reduce the exercise price, or cancel and reissue options so as to in effect reduce the exercise price or (ii) change
the manner of determining the exercise price so that the exercise price is less than the fair market value per share of Common Stock.

As
adopted by the Board of Directors of Eastside Distilling, Inc. on February 10, 2025.

Approved
by shareholders on [TBD].
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>east-20250210.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>east-20250210_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>east-20250210_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38182

Entity Registrant Name EASTSIDE
DISTILLING, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001534708

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-3937596

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 755
Main Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Building 4

Entity Address, Address Line Three Suite 3

Entity Address, City or Town Monroe

Entity Address, State or Province CT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 06468

City Area Code (458)

Local Phone Number 800-9154

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol BLNE

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://eastsidedistilling.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

east-20250210.xsd 
east-20250210_lab.xml 
east-20250210_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-006847-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001534708 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001534708 
8-K 
2025-02-10 
EASTSIDE DISTILLING, INC. 
NV 
001-38182 
20-3937596 
755 Main Street 
Building 4 
Suite 3 
Monroe 
CT 
06468 
(458) 
800-9154 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value 
BLNE 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>