<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-002134.txt : 20250108
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-002134.hdr.sgml : 20250108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250108171246
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-002134
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250107
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Quantum Computing Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001758009
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				824533053
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40615
		FILM NUMBER:		25519285

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 MARINE VIEW PLZ, SUITE 214
		CITY:			HOBOKEN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07030
		BUSINESS PHONE:		703-436-2161

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 MARINE VIEW PLZ, SUITE 214
		CITY:			HOBOKEN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07030
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0227193-8k_quantum.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000175800900017580092025-01-072025-01-07iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 7, 2025

QUANTUM COMPUTING INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40615 82-4533053

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

5 Marine View Plaza, Suite 214

Hoboken, NJ 07030

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code (703) 436-2161

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock (par value $0.0001 per share) QUBT TheNasdaqStock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Securities Purchase Agreements 

On January 7, 2025, Quantum Computing Inc. (the
Company) entered into securities purchase agreements (the Purchase Agreements) pursuant to which the Company
agreed to issue to the Purchasers (as defined therein), in a private placement (the Placement), an aggregate of 8,163,266
shares (the Placement Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock),
at a purchase price of $12.25 per share.

The issuance of the Placement Shares will not
be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or any state securities laws. The Placement
Shares will be issued in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and/or Regulation
D promulgated thereunder for transactions not involving a public offering. The Company is required to file a registration statement providing
for the resale of the Placement Shares by January 24, 2025.

The Placement is expected to result in gross proceeds
of approximately $100 million before deducting placement agent commissions and other offering expenses. The closing of the Placement is
expected to occur on or about January 9, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreements, the Company
has agreed not to issue, enter into any agreement to issue, or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock
or Common Stock equivalents, or file any registration statement or any amendment or supplement thereto, for a period of 75 days after
the closing date of the Placement, subject to certain customary exceptions, without the consent of the Purchasers and the Placement Agent.

Placement Agency Agreement

The Company also entered into a Placement Agency
Agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement) with Titan Partners Group LLC, a division of American Capital Partners, LLC (the
Placement Agent), dated January 7, 2025, pursuant to which the Placement Agent will act as the exclusive placement agent
for the Company in connection with the Placement. The Company agreed to pay the Placement Agent a cash fee of 6% of the gross proceeds
from the Placement and to issue to the Placement Agent (or its designees) 326,531 five-year warrants (representing 4% of the securities
sold in the Placement), which will be exercisable beginning on July 6, 2025, and have an initial exercise price per share of Common Stock
of $14.0875 (the Placement Agent Warrants). In addition, the Company agreed to reimburse the Placement Agent for up to $100,000
of its fees and expenses in connection with the Placement.

The issuance of the Placement Agent Warrants and
the shares of Common Stock underlying the Placement Agent Warrants (the Placement Agent Warrant Shares) will not be registered
under the Securities Act or any state securities laws. The Placement Agent Warrant Shares will be issued in reliance on the exemption
from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder for transactions not
involving a public offering.

The Placement Agency Agreement contains customary
representations, warranties, and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company,
other obligations of the parties, and termination provisions.

1

Lock-Up Agreements

Pursuant to Lock-Up Agreements with the Company,
the Companys directors and executive officers agreed for a period of 60 days after the closing date of the Placement, subject to
certain exceptions, not to directly or indirectly offer, sell, contract to sell, hypothecate, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly
or indirectly, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position with respect to,
any shares of Common Stock or securities convertible, exchangeable or exercisable into Common Stock, that they beneficially own, hold,
or thereafter acquire, or make any demand for or exercise any right or cause to be filed a registration, including any amendments thereto,
with respect to the registration of any Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents or publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing.

The foregoing summaries of the Placement Agent
Warrants, the Purchase Agreements, the Placement Agency Agreement, and the Lock-Up Agreements do not purport to be complete descriptions
thereof and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of such documents or the forms of such documents, copies of
which are attached hereto as Exhibits 4.1, 10.1, 10.2, and 10.3, respectively. The representations, warranties, and covenants made by
the Company in any agreement that is filed as an exhibit hereto were made solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement, including,
in some cases, for the purpose of allocating risk among the parties to such agreement. In addition, the assertions embodied in any representations,
warranties, and covenants contained in such agreements may be subject to qualifications with respect to knowledge and materiality different
from those applicable to securityholders generally. Moreover, such representations, warranties, or covenants were accurate only as of
the date when made, except where expressly stated otherwise. Accordingly, such representations, warranties, and covenants should not be
relied on as accurately representing the current state of the Companys affairs at any time.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information under Item 1.01 of this Current
Report on Form 8-K related to the Placement Shares, the Placement Agent Warrants, and the Placement Agent Warrant Shares is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On January 7, 2025, the Company issued a press
release announcing the Placement, a copy of which is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1.

The information provided under this Item 7.01
of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1, is furnished and shall not be deemed filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
or the Securities Act.

2

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Description

4.1 Form of Placement Agent Warrant

10.1* Form of Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2025, between Quantum Computing Inc. and each Purchaser (as defined therein)

10.2 Placement Agency Agreement, dated January 7, 2025, between Quantum Computing Inc. and Titan Partners Group LLC, a division of American Capital Partners, LLC

10.3 Form of Lock-Up Agreement dated January 7, 2025

99.1 Press Release dated January 7, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive
Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* Certain
exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Company agrees
to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit or schedule to the SEC upon its request; however, the Company may request
confidential treatment of omitted items.

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

QUANTUM COMPUTING INC.

Date: January 8, 2025 By: /s/ Christopher Boehmler

Christopher Boehmler

Chief Financial Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022719301ex4-1_quantum.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PLACEMENT AGENT WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

AGENTS PURCHASE WARRANT

QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC.

Warrant Shares: 326,531 Initial Exercise Date: July 6, 2025

Issue Date: January 9, 2025

This AGENTS PURCHASE WARRANT
(the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, American Capital Partners, LLC or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the date referred to above as the Initial Exercise Date (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m.
(New York City time) on January 7, 2030 (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase
from QUANTUM COMPUTING INC., Delaware corporation (the Company), up
to 326,531 shares of common stock (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares), par value $0.0001 per
share (the Common Stock) of the Company. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall
be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Placement Agent Agreement (the
Placement Agreement), dated January 7, 2025, between the Company and Titan Partners Group LLC, a division of American
Capital Partners, LLC, as placement agent.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise of
Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or
after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy or
PDF copy submitted by email (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the
cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice
of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise
be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in
which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which
the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the
total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing
the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise
within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and
agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number
of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

1

b) Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock
under this Warrant shall be $14.0875, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c) Cashless Exercise.
If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not
available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such
time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to
the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and
delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in
Rule 600(b)(68) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder,
either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the
Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered
within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day)
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise
is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular
trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

VWAP means, for
any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock are then listed or quoted on
The New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American or any tier of The Nasdaq Stock Market (each, a Trading Market), the
daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the
Common Stock are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) (based on a trading day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Common Stock are listed or quoted on the OTCQB or OTCQX (each
as operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc., or any successor market), the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date
(or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock are not then listed or quoted for trading on
the OTCQB or OTCQX Markets and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the OTC Pink Market published by OTC Markets Group
Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the
Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company and reasonably acceptable to the Holder, the fees and expenses of which
shall be paid by the Company.

If Warrant
Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrants
being exercised may be tacked onto the holding period of the Warrant Shares. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this
Section 2(c).

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

2

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company
shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of
the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian
system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration
statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised
via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name
of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address
specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to
the Company by the Holder of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company
and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise
(such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed
for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised,
irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the
case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising
the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder
the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash,
as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common
Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading
Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares
are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program
so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the
standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the
Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant
shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the
time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased
Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the
Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the
Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise; provided, however, that the Holder shall be required to return any Warrant
Shares or Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently with the return to the Holder of the aggregate Exercise
Price paid to the Company for such Warrant Shares and the restoration of the Holders right to acquire such Warrant Shares pursuant
to this Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

3

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant
Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to
transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before
the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction
or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by
the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the
Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage
commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant
Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the
sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of
the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed
rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied
with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price
of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise
to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the
Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In
and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any
other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or
injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as
required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares
or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder
would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect
of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares
shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such
Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of
the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that in the event that Warrant
Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied
by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of
a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for
same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation
performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder
books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

4

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would
beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number
of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number
of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted
portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder
that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the
Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained
in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder
together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion
of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant
is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which
portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the
case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent
setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within
one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company,
including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior
to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds
9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon
exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered
to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with
the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended
Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such
limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a) Stock Dividends
and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution
or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which,
for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of Common Stock any shares of capital
stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number
of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this
Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment
made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled
to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
combination or re-classification. For the purposes of clarification, the Exercise Price of this Warrant will not be adjusted in the event
that the Company or any subsidiary thereof, as applicable, sells or grants any option to purchase, or sell or any grant any right to reprice,
or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock
or Common Stock Equivalents, at an effective price per share less than the Exercise Price then in effect.

5

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells
any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any
class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms
applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number
of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including
without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance
or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are
to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right
to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall
not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result
of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time,
if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c) Pro Rata Distribution.
During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets
(or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation,
any distribution (other than cash) of stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however,
that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership
of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance
for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion
of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

6

d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender
or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding
Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization
or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into
or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates
a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than
50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making
or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business
combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have
the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such
Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant),
the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation,
and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by
a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction.
For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction,
and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in
a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the
obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e)
pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable
delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant
a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which
is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the
shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this
Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of
capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the
value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting
the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory
in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and
be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring to the Company
shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations
of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice to
Holder.

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise
Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email
a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting
forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

7

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company
shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring
cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock
rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders
of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the
Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of
the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the
Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each
case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it
shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter
specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption,
rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled
to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property
deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver
such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified
in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding
the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report
on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the
effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), neither this Warrant nor any Warrant Shares issued upon exercise of this Warrant shall be sold, transferred,
assigned, pledged or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result
in the effective economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement
of sales of the offering pursuant to which this Warrant is being issued, except as permitted under FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2). Subject to the
foregoing restriction, this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at
the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form
attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making
of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants
in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment,
and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly
be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company
within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full.
This Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without
having a new Warrant issued.

b) New Warrants.
This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together
with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent
or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company
shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with
such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical
with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

8

c) Warrant Register.
The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by or on behalf of the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d) Representation
by Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Registration
Rights.

a) To the extent
the Company does not maintain an effective registration statement for the Warrant Shares and in the further event that the Company files
a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission covering the sale of its shares of Common Stock (other than a registration
statement on Form S-4 or S-8, or on another form, or in another context, in which such piggyback registration would be inappropriate),
then, for a period of three (3) years from the commencement of sales of the Offering, the Company shall give written notice of such proposed
filing to the Holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date, which notice shall
describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the
proposed managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, of the offering, and offer to the Holder in such notice the opportunity to register
the sale of such number of shares of Warrant Shares as such Holder may request in writing within five (5) days following receipt of such
notice (a Piggyback Registration). The Company shall cause such Warrant Shares to be included in such registration
and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the managing underwriter or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering
to permit the Warrant Shares requested to be included in a Piggyback Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities
of the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Warrant Shares in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution
thereof. All Holders proposing to distribute their securities through a Piggyback Registration that involves an underwriter or underwriters
shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such Piggyback Registration.
Furthermore, each Holder must provide such information as reasonably requested by the Company (which information shall be limited to that
which is required for disclosure under the Securities Act and the forms, rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) to be included
in the registration statement timely or the Company may elect to exclude such Holder from the registration statement.

b) In addition,
to the extent the Company does not maintain an effective registration statement for the Warrant Shares, for a period of three (3) years
from the commencement of sales of the Offering, the Holder shall be entitled to one (1) demand right for the registration of the Warrant
Shares at the Companys expense (other than any underwriting discounts, selling commissions, share transfer taxes applicable to
the sale of the Warrant Shares, and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Holder) (the Demand Registration).
In the event of a Demand Registration, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to register the applicable Warrant Shares
within sixty (60) days after receiving the Demand Registration. All Holders of Warrant Shares proposing to distribute their securities
through a Demand Registration that involves an underwriter or underwriters shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form
with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such Demand Registration. Furthermore, each Holder must provide such information as
reasonably requested by the Company (which information shall be limited to that which is required for disclosure under the Securities
Act and the forms, rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) to be included in the registration statement timely or the Company may
elect to exclude such Holder from the registration statement.

9

c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the registration rights described in this Section 5 shall be subject to limitations imposed by the Commissions rules
or comments of the Commission staff in connection with its review of the registration statement for any such resale registration. Moreover,
notwithstanding the foregoing registration obligations of the Company, if the Company furnishes to the Holders requesting a Demand Registration
a certificate signed by the Companys chief executive officer stating that in the good faith judgment of the Companys Board
of Directors it would be materially detrimental to the Company and its stockholders for a registration statement to either become effective
or remain effective for as long as such registration statement otherwise would be required to remain effective, because such action would
(i) materially interfere with a significant acquisition, corporate reorganization, or other similar transaction involving the Company;
(ii) require premature disclosure of material information that the Company has a bona fide business purpose for preserving as confidential;
or (iii) render the Company unable to comply with requirements under the Securities Act or Exchange Act, then the Company shall have the
right to defer taking action with respect to such Demand Registration or withdraw a related registration statement for a period of not
more than forty-five (45) calendar days; provided, however, that the Company may not invoke this right more than twice in any twelve (12)
month period or during the twelve (12) month period prior to the Termination Date.

Section 6. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights
as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or
other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth
in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section
2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to
net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss, Theft,
Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) Authorized
Shares.

i. The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant
is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance
of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of
this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon
the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure
that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements
of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon
the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant
and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free
from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer
occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

10

ii. Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the
Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any
reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid
or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the
carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder
as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase
the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value,
(ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable
Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions
or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations
under this Warrant.

iii. Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment
in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations
or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Governing
Law; Venue. This Warrant shall be deemed to have been executed and delivered in New York and both this Warrant and the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be governed as to validity, interpretation, construction, effect, and in all other respects by the laws of the
State of New York applicable to agreements wholly performed within the borders of such state and without regard to the conflicts of laws
principals thereof (other than Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of The New York General Obligations Law). Each of the Holder and the Company:
(a) agrees that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Warrant and/or the transactions contemplated hereby
shall be instituted exclusively in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County, or in the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York, (b) waives any objection which it may have or hereafter to the venue of any such suit, action or
proceeding, and (c) irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County, or in the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York in any such suit, action or proceeding. Each of the Holder and the Company
further agrees to accept and acknowledge service of any and all process which may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding in
the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
and agrees that service of process upon the Company mailed by certified mail to the Companys address or delivered by Federal Express
via overnight delivery shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company, in any such suit, action or proceeding,
and service of process upon the Holder mailed by certified mail to the Holders address or delivered by Federal Express via overnight
delivery shall be deemed in every respect effective service process upon the Holder, in any such suit, action or proceeding. THE HOLDER
(ON BEHALF OF ITSELF, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ON BEHALF OF ITS RESPECTIVE EQUITY HOLDERS AND CREDITORS)
HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT HOLDER MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIM BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
WARRANT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS WARRANT.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this
Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages
to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but
not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts
due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

11

h) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided hereunder shall be made in accordance with Section 11 of the
Underwriting Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and
the Holder of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

13

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC.

(1) The undersigned hereby elects
to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders
herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form
of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant
Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: _____________________________________________________________

_________________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:

__________________________________________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory:

__________________________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory:

Date: ______________________________________________________________________________

14

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _________, ________

Holders Signature: ______________________________

Holders Address: _______________________________

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022719301ex10-1_quantum.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 7, 2025, BETWEEN QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. AND EACH PURCHASER (AS DEFINED THEREIN)
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement
(this Agreement) is dated as of January 7, 2025, between Quantum Computing Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
and the purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (including its successors and assigns, Purchaser).

WHEREAS, subject to
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (as defined below) and Rule
506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to Purchaser, and Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase
from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are
hereby acknowledged, the Company and Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. In
addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set
forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Applicable Laws
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(nn).

Authorization
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(nn).

BHCA shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ii).

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or London
or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York or London are authorized or required by law or other governmental action
to close.

Closing
means a closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the date on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto,
and all conditions precedent to (i) Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys obligations
to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the second (2nd)
Trading Day following the date hereof.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company Counsel
means Lucosky Brookman LLP.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Environmental Laws
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(mm).

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(r).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant
to any share or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority
of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities
upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into Common Stock issued and
outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase
the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in
connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities, (c) the Securities pursuant to this Agreement
and (d) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority
of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined
in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith
during the prohibition period in Section 4.10 herein and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders
of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with
the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not
include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary
business is investing in securities.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

Federal
Reserve shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ii).

GAAP
means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

Hazardous
Substances shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(mm).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(z).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(o).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material Permits
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m).

Per Share
Purchase Price equals $12.25 (or $12.2499 in the case of the Pre-funded Warrants), subject to adjustment for reverse and forward
stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this
Agreement.

2

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

PFIC
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(kk).

Placement
Agency Agreement means the agreement executed on the Closing Date between the Company and the Placement Agent.

Placement
Agent means Titan Partners Group LLC, a division of American Capital Partners, LLC.

Pre-funded
Warrants means pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock at an exercise price equal to $0.0001 per share, in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition) pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened in writing against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary
or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority
(federal, state, county, local or foreign).

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration
Statement shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.15.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means Common Stock and Pre-funded Warrants to be purchased on the Closing Date pursuant to Section 2.1.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing Common Stock).

Subscription
Amount means, as to Purchaser in respect of the Securities, the aggregate amount to be paid for Common Stock or Pre-funded
Warrants purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading
Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

3

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement and the Placement Agency Agreement all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other
documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock underlying the Pre-funded Warrants, if any.

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing. On the
Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrently with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and Purchaser agrees to purchase, Securities in an amount equal to
Purchasers Subscription Amount. Each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, via wire transfer or a certified
check, immediately available funds equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount and the Company shall deliver to Purchaser its
Securities, and the Company and Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction
of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, each Closing shall occur at the offices of the Placement Agent or such
other location as the parties shall mutually agree.

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On or prior
to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Purchaser the following:

(i) this Agreement
duly executed by the Company;

(ii) a legal opinion
of Company Counsel, in the form reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent and Purchaser;

(iii) the Company
shall have provided Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions on Company letterhead and executed by the Companys Chief
Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(iv) subject to the
last sentence of Section 2.1, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Depositary instructing the Depositary to deliver on an expedited
basis a certificate evidencing the Securities equal to Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price,
registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(v) Lock-up Agreements,
in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Purchaser, executed by each officer and director of the Company;

(v) Officers
Certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to Purchaser; and

(vi) a Pre-Funded
Warrant, if applicable.

4

(b) On or prior
to the Closing Date, Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, the following:

(i) this Agreement
duly executed by such Purchaser;

(ii) a fully completed
and duly executed Selling Securityholder Questionnaire in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Placement Agent;
and

(iii) such Purchasers
Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the account specified in writing by the Company.

2.3 Closing Conditions.

(a) The obligations
of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in
all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all
respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of Purchaser contained herein (unless as of a specific
date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all obligations,
covenants and agreements of Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed; and

(iii) the delivery
by Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The obligation
of Purchaser hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in
all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all
respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific
date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all obligations,
covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the delivery
by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there shall have
been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof;

(v) from the date
hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Companys securities shall not have been suspended by the Commission or any Trading Market,
and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended
or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading
Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities nor shall there have
occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect
on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it
impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing;

(vi) at no time during
the period beginning on the execution of this Agreement through and ending on and including the Closing shall the Company have publicly
announced any material negative information; and

(vii) no stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto has been issued under the Securities
Act.

5

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations and
Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof
and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of
the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company owns, directly or indirectly,
all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights
to subscribe for or purchase securities. There are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments
of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or
giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings
or arrangements by which any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue capital stock. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references
to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing,
and, if applicable under the laws of the jurisdiction in which they are formed, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its
business as currently conducted. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries has all necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses,
certificates and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof to conduct its
business purpose in all material respects as described in the Registration Statement and SEC Reports and to own or lease its properties.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws, memorandum and articles of association or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and
the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction
in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to
be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
The term Material Adverse Effect means an effect, change, event or occurrence that, alone or in conjunction with any other
or others: (i) has or would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on: (A) the business, general affairs, management,
condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, shareholders equity, properties or prospects of the Company and the
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (B) the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, or (ii) the Companys
ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document ; provided that a change
in the market price or trading volume of the Common Stock alone shall not be deemed, in and of itself, to constitute a Material Adverse
Effect.

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or
upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute
the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by
general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive
relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

6

(d) No Conflicts.
Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(d), the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate
or articles of incorporation, bylaws memorandum and articles of association or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict
with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation
of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement,
credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company
or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject
to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or
other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state
securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the
case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(e), the Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization
or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental
authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other
than: (i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Registration Statement
specified in Section 4.15 of this Agreement, (iii) application(s) to and approvals by each applicable Trading Market for the listing of
the applicable Securities for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iv) such filings as are required to be made
under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance
of the Securities. The Shares and the Warrant Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable
Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company.
The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of Shares and the Warrant Shares.

(g) Capitalization.
The equity capitalization of the Company is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g). Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) hereto,
the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed Form 10-Q. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive
right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except
as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) and as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants,
scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any Common Stock, or contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue Common Stock or other securities to
any Person (other than Purchaser) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion,
exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary
that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the
Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any
stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance
with all federal and state securities laws where applicable, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive
rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. Except for the Required Approvals, no further approval or authorization
of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders
agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a
party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

7

(h) SEC Reports;
Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by
the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the one year preceding
the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials,
including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein being collectively referred to herein as the SEC
Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior
to the expiration of any such extension, except with respect to the Companys restatement of its financial statements for the period
ended December 31, 2023 on Form 10-K/A as well as the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and June 30,
2024. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and
the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The
financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements
and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have
been prepared in conformity with GAAP applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved, except as may be otherwise specified
in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required
by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and
for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements,
to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

(i) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, except as specifically set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that
has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has incurred
any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to
GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has
not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements
to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director
or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request
for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on
Schedule 3.1(i), no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected
to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets
or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation
is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j) Litigation.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties
before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth on Schedule 3.1(j) (i) adversely affects or challenges
the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable
decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation
of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge
of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former
director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration
statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

8

(k) Labor Relations.
No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees is a member
of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships
with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected
to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement
or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued
employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any
of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and
regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the
failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l) Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or
any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority
or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation
all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality
and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case of (i), (ii) and (iii) as could not have or reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except
where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification
of any Material Permit.

(n) Title to
Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good
and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each
case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere
with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal,
state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and the payment of which is neither
delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by
them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects.

9

(o) Intellectual
Property. The Company and each of its subsidiaries owns or possesses the valid right to use all (i) patents, patent applications,
trademarks, trademark registrations, service marks, service mark registrations, Internet domain name registrations, copyrights, copyright
registrations, licenses and trade secret rights (collectively, Intellectual Property Rights) and (ii) inventions,
software, works of authorships, trademarks, service marks, trade names, databases, formulae, know how, Internet domain names and other
intellectual property (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary confidential information, systems,
or procedures) (collectively, Intellectual Property Assets) that, to the Companys knowledge, are necessary
to conduct their respective businesses as currently conducted, and as proposed to be conducted and described in the SEC Reports. Neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any opinion from its legal counsel concluding that any activities of its business
infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates, valid and enforceable Intellectual Property Rights of any other person. Neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received written notice of any challenge, which is to their knowledge still pending, by any other
person to the rights of the Company and its subsidiaries with respect to any Intellectual Property Rights or Intellectual Property Assets
owned or exclusively licensed by the Company or its subsidiaries. To the Companys knowledge, the Companys and its respective
subsidiaries businesses as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted do not and will not give rise to any infringement of,
any misappropriation of, or other violation of, any valid and enforceable Intellectual Property Rights of any other person. Except as
disclosed in the SEC Reports, to the Companys knowledge, there are no third parties who have rights to any Intellectual Property
Rights described in the SEC Reports as being owned by or exclusively licensed to the Company (collectively, Company Intellectual
Property Rights), including no liens, security interests, or other encumbrances, except for customary reversionary rights of
third-party licensors with respect to Intellectual Property Rights that are disclosed as licensed to the Company or one or more of its
subsidiaries. To the Companys knowledge, there is no infringement by third parties of any Company Intellectual Property Rights.
To the Companys knowledge, there are no material defects in any of the patents or patent applications included in the Company Intellectual
Property Rights disclosed in the SEC Reports as being owned by or exclusively licensed to the Company. To the Companys knowledge,
all licenses for the use of the Company Intellectual Property Rights described in the SEC Reports as exclusively licensed to the Company
or its subsidiaries (collectively, Company In-Licenses) are valid, binding upon and enforceable by or against the
Company or its subsidiaries and by or against the other parties thereto in accordance with their terms. The Company and each of its subsidiaries
has complied in all material respects with all Company In-Licenses, and is not in breach of any Company In-License. Neither the Company
nor any of its subsidiaries has received written notice of any asserted or threatened claim of breach of any Company In-License, and the
Company has no knowledge of any breach by any other person of any Company In-License. Except as described in the SEC Reports, there is
no pending, and the Company has not received written notice of any threatened, action, suit, proceeding, or claim against the Company
or any of its subsidiaries (i) alleging the infringement by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any patent, trademark, service mark,
trade name, copyright, trade secret, license or other intellectual property right or franchise right of any person; or (ii) challenging
the validity, enforceability, or scope of any Company Intellectual Property Rights owned by, and to the Companys knowledge, exclusively
licensed to the Company, including no interferences, oppositions, reexaminations, or government proceedings, and the Company is unaware
of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such action, suit, proceeding, or claim. The Company and its subsidiaries have
taken all reasonable steps to protect, maintain and safeguard the Company Intellectual Property Rights, including the execution of appropriate
nondisclosure, confidentiality agreements and invention assignments with their employees, and to the Companys knowledge, no employee
of the Company is in or has been in violation of any term of any employment contract, patent disclosure agreement, invention assignment
agreement, non-competition agreement, non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement, or any restrictive covenant to or with a former
employer where the basis of such violation relates to such employees employment with the Company. To the Companys knowledge,
the duty of candor and good faith as required by the United States Patent and Trademark Office during the prosecution of the United States
patents and patent applications included in the Company Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company have been complied with; and
in all foreign offices having similar requirements, all such requirements have been complied with. The consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement will not result in the loss or impairment of or payment of any additional amounts with respect to, nor
require the consent of any other person in respect of, the Companys or any of its subsidiaries right to own, use, or hold for
use any of the Company Intellectual Property Rights described in the SEC Reports as owned by or licensed to the Company for use in the
conduct of the business of the Company or its subsidiaries as currently conducted. The Company has at all times complied with all applicable
U.S. or non-U.S. laws relating to privacy, data protection, and the collection and use of personal information collected, used, or held
for use by the Company in the conduct of the Companys business, except where the failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except where such claim would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, no claims
have been asserted or threatened in writing against the Company alleging a violation of any persons privacy or personal information
or data rights and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not breach or otherwise cause any violation of any law
related to privacy, data protection, or the collection and use of personal information collected, used, or held for use by the Company
in the conduct of the Companys business. The Company and each of its subsidiaries has taken all necessary actions to obtain ownership
of all works of authorship and inventions made by its employees, consultants and contractors during the time they were employed by or
under contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries and which relate to the Companys business. All key employees have signed
confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with the Company.

10

(p) Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited
to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able
to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may
be necessary to continue its business. Such renewal may result in a significant increase in cost.

(q) Transactions
With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(q), none of the officers or directors of the Company or
any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any
transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to
or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director
or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment
of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other
employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(r) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. Except as provided in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries and their respective officers
and directors are in material compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective
as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as
of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient
to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations,
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset
accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and
(iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken
with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers
have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period
covered by the most recently filed Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company
presented in its most recently filed Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have
been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) that have materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

11

(s) Certain Fees.
No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor
or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents. Other than for Persons engaged by Purchaser, if any, Purchaser shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect
to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(t) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be
or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company
shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(u) Registration
Rights. Except with respect to Purchaser and any other purchasers in the private placement contemplated hereunder, no Person has any
right to cause the Company to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(v) Listing and
Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken
no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under
the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. Except
as set forth in the last sentence of this Section 3.1(v), the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice
from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance
with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in
the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements other than bid price requirement
described below. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through The Depository Trust Company or another established
clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to The Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing
corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer. In June 2024, the Company was notified by Nasdaq that because the Company was
late in filing its Form 10-Qs, it did not comply with the Nasdaq listing rules. The Company submitted a remediation plan and
in October 2024, the Company was notified by Nasdaq that it was back in compliance with the Nasdaq listing rules, having filed the delinquent
Form 10-Qs. In November 2023, Nasdaq informed the Company that because the stock price had dropped below $1.00 for thirty
days, the Company was in violation of the Nasdaq listing rules. In March 2024, Nasdaq informed the Company that it was back in compliance
with the Nasdaq listing rules.

(w) Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state
of incorporation that is or could become applicable to Purchaser as a result of Purchaser and the Company fulfilling their obligations
or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of
the Securities and Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(x) Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that it
believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the SEC Reports. The Company
understands and confirms that Purchaser will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.
All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to Purchaser regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective
businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct in all
material respects and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to
make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated
by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that Purchaser
makes no nor has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically
set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

12

(y) No Integrated
Offering. Assuming the accuracy of Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither the Company,
nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security
or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated with
prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading
Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(z) Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company
of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount
that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent
liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as
now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the
business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current
cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into
account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts
are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account
the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances
which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction
within one year from the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(z) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness
of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness
means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed by the Company in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred
in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others
to third parties, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto),
except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of
business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance
with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(aa) Tax Status.
Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign tax returns,
reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments
and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside
on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns,
reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction,
and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

13

(bb) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts,
entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign
or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii)
failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the
Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(cc) Accountants.
The Companys current independent registered public accounting firm is as set forth in the SEC Reports. To the knowledge and belief
of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express
its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2024.

(dd) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that Purchaser is acting solely in the capacity
of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby. The Company further
acknowledges that Purchaser is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect
to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by Purchaser or any of its representatives
or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to Purchasers
purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to Purchaser that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the
Company and its representatives.

(ee) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except
for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.12 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) Purchaser has not been asked by the Company
to agree, nor has Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company, or derivative
securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term; (ii) past or future open market
or other transactions by Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative transactions,
before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Companys
publicly-traded securities; (iii) Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to which any Purchaser is a
party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock, and (iv) Purchaser shall not be
deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative transaction.
The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) Purchaser may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period
that the Securities are outstanding, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity
interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned
hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(ff) Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action
designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale
or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities,
or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company,
other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Companys placement agent in connection with the placement
of the Securities.

(gg) Office of
Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee
or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets
Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC) and the Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds
of the Offering hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other
person or entity, for the purpose of financing the activities of any person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.

14

(hh) U.S. Real
Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of
Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(ii) Bank Holding
Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as
amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of a bank
or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or
Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to
regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(jj) Money Laundering.
The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping
and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes
and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no action, suit or
proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary
with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(kk) PFIC Status.
The Company does not believe it is a Passive Foreign Investment Company (PFIC) within the meaning of Section 1296
of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and does not believe it is likely to become a PFIC.

(ll) Stamp or
Other Tax. No stamp or other issuance or transfer taxes or duties and no capital gains, income, withholding or other taxes are payable
by or on behalf of the Placements Agents or Purchaser are payable in the United Kingdom or taxing authority thereof or therein in connection
with the sale and delivery by the Company of the Securities to or for the sale and delivery by the Securities to Purchaser.

(mm) Environmental
Laws. The handling, use, treatment, disposal, discharge, emission, contamination, release or other activity involving any kind of
hazardous, toxic or other wastes, pollutants, contaminants, petroleum products or other hazardous or toxic substances, chemicals or materials
(Hazardous Substances) by, due to, on behalf of, or caused by the Company or any Subsidiary (or, to the Companys
knowledge, any other entity for whose acts or omissions the Company is or may be liable) upon any property now or previously owned, operated,
used or leased by the Company or any Subsidiary, or upon any other property, which would be a violation of or give rise to any liability
under any applicable law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, decree or permit, common law provision or other legally binding standard
relating to pollution or protection of human health and the environment (Environmental Law), except for violations
and liabilities which, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no disposal, discharge,
emission contamination or other release of any kind at, onto or from any such property or into the environment surrounding any such property
of any Hazardous Substances with respect to which the Company or any Subsidiary has knowledge, except as would not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending or, to the best of the Companys knowledge, threatened administrative,
regulatory or judicial action, claim or notice of noncompliance or violation, investigation or proceedings relating to any Environmental
Law against the Company or any Subsidiary, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. No property
of the Company or any Subsidiary is subject to any Lien under any Environmental Law. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary is subject to any order, decree, agreement or other individualized legal requirement related to any Environmental
Law, which, in any case (individually or in the aggregate), would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and each Subsidiary has
all permits, authorizations and approvals required under any applicable Environmental Laws and are each in compliance with their requirements.
In the ordinary course of its business, the Company periodically reviews the effect of Environmental Laws on the business, operations
and properties of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in the course of which it identifies and evaluates associated costs and liabilities
(including, without limitation, any capital or operating expenditures required for clean-up, closure or remediation of properties or compliance
with Environmental Laws, or any permit, license or approval, any related constraints on operating activities and any potential liabilities
to third parties). On the basis of such review, the Company has reasonably concluded that such associated costs and liabilities would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

15

(nn) Regulatory.
The studies, tests and preclinical studies or clinical trials conducted by or on behalf of the Company and its subsidiaries that are described
in the SEC Reports (the Company Studies and Trials) were and, if still pending, are being, conducted in all
material respects in accordance with applicable laws and regulations including all statutes, rules and regulations applicable to the ownership,
testing, development, manufacture, packaging, processing, use, distribution, marketing, advertising, labeling, promotion, sale, offer
for sale, storage, import, export or disposal of any product manufactured or distributed by the Company including, without limitation
the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.), the federal Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(b)),
the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical
Health Act of 2009, and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability
Reconciliation Act of 2010, the regulations promulgated pursuant to such laws, and any successor government programs and comparable state
and foreign laws, regulations relating to good clinical practices and good laboratory practices and all other local, state, federal, national,
supranational and foreign laws, manual provisions, policies and administrative guidance relating to the regulation of the Company (collectively,
the Applicable Laws).The descriptions of the results of the Company Studies and Trials contained in the SEC Reports
are accurate in all material respects; the Company has no knowledge of any other studies or trials not described in the SEC Reports, the
results of which materially call into question the results described or referred to in the SEC Reports; and the Company has not received
any written notices or correspondence from the FDA, the EMA or comparable U.S. or non-U.S. governmental authorities of competent jurisdiction
requiring the termination, suspension or material modification of any Company Studies and Trials where such termination, suspension or
material modification would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company, nor its subsidiaries nor to
the Companys knowledge, any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents is debarred, suspended or excluded, or
has been convicted of any crime that would result in a debarment, suspension or exclusion from any U.S. federal or state government health
care program or human clinical research The Company (i) has not received any notice from any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory
authority or third party alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any licenses, exemptions, certificates, approvals,
clearances, authorizations, permits, registrations and supplements or amendments thereto required by any such Applicable Laws (Authorizations);
(ii) possess all material Authorizations and such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and are not in violation of any
term of any such Authorizations; (iii) have not received written notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement,
investigation arbitration or other action from any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority or third party alleging
that any product operation or activity is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations nor is any such claim, action, suit, proceeding,
hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action threatened; (iv) have not received any written notice that any court
or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority has taken, is taking or intends to take, action to limit, suspend, materially modify
or revoke any Authorizations nor is any such limitation, suspension, modification or revocation threatened; (v) have filed, obtained,
maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or
amendments as required by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records,
claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and accurate on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented by a
subsequent submission); and (vii) are not a party to any corporate integrity agreements, monitoring agreements, consent decrees, settlement
orders, or similar agreements with or imposed by any governmental or regulatory authority.

(oo) Private
Placement. Assuming the accuracy of Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration under
the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to Purchaser as contemplated hereby. The issuance
and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

16

(pp) No General
Solicitation. Neither the Company nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or
sold any of the Securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale
only to Purchaser and certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

(qq) Form S-1
Eligibility. The Company is eligible to register the resale of the Securities for resale by Purchaser on Form S-1 promulgated under
the Securities Act.

(oo) No Disqualification
Events. With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the Securities Act, none of
the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating
in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated
on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company
in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer Covered Persons)
is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a
Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised
reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the
extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to Purchaser a copy of any disclosures provided
thereunder

(rr) Other Covered
Persons. Other than the Placement Agent, the Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been
or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities

(oo) Notice of
Disqualification Event. The Company will notify Purchaser and the Placement Agent in writing, prior to the Closing Date of (i) any
Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification
Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person.

3.2 Representations and
Warranties of Purchaser. Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company
as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a) Organization;
Authority. Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership limited liability company or similar
power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations
hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and performance by Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable,
on the part of Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by Purchaser, and when delivered by
Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable
against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited
by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification
and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(b) Understandings
or Arrangements. Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement
or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws). Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.
Such Purchaser is acquiring such Securities as principal for his, her or its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present
intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no
direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities
in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers
right to sell such Securities pursuant to a registration statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities
laws).

17

(c) Purchaser Status.
At the time Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, either: (i) an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer
as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act.

(d) Experience
of Such Purchaser. Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities
and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e) Access to Information.
Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits and schedules thereto)
and the SEC Reports and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers
from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of
investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business,
properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional
information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment
decision with respect to the investment. Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement
Agent has provided Purchaser with any information or advice with respect to the Securities nor is such information or advice necessary
or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes any representation as to the Company or the quality of the
Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public information with respect to the Company which Purchaser
agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance of the Securities to Purchaser, neither the Placement Agent nor any
of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to Purchaser.

(f) Certain Transactions
and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has any Person acting
on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including Short
Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first received a term sheet (written
or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material pricing terms of the transactions contemplated
hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case Purchaser that is a multi-managed
investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers
have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of Purchasers assets,
the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the
investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to Purchasers
representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates,
Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence
and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a
representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares order to effect Short Sales or similar
transactions in the future.

18

(g) Independent
Investment Decision. Purchaser has independently evaluated the merits of its decision to purchase Securities pursuant to the Transaction
Documents, and Purchaser confirms that it has not relied on the advice of any other Purchasers business and/or legal counsel in
making such decision. Purchaser understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company
to Purchaser in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment advice. Purchaser has consulted such
legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in its sole discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in connection with its purchase
of the Securities. Purchaser understands that the Placement Agent has acted solely as the agent of the Company in this placement of the
Securities and Purchaser has not relied on the business or legal advice of the Placement Agent or any of its agents, counsel or Affiliates
in making its investment decision hereunder, and confirms that none of such Persons has made any representations or warranties to Purchaser
in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(h) No Governmental
Review. Purchaser understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed
on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor
have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

(i) Brokers.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.2(i), no agent, broker, investment banker, person or firm acting in a similar capacity on behalf of
or under the authority of Purchaser is or will be entitled to any brokers or finders fee or any other commission or similar
fee, directly or indirectly, for which the Company or any of its Affiliates after the Closing could have any liabilities in connection
with this Agreement, any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or on account of any action taken by Purchaser in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(j) Independent
Advice. Purchaser understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company to Purchaser
in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment advice.

(k) Reliance on
Exemptions. Purchaser understands that the Securities being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration
requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying in part upon the truth and accuracy of,
and Purchasers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgements and understandings of Purchaser set
forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of Purchaser to acquire the Securities.

(l) No Governmental
Review. Purchaser understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed
on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor
have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

(m) Regulation
M. Purchaser is aware that the anti-manipulation rules of Regulation M under the Exchange Act may apply to sales of Common Stock and
other activities with respect to the Common Stock by Purchaser.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations
contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations
and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document or any other
document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transaction contemplated
hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty,
or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

19

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Transfer Restrictions.

(a) The Securities
may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of Securities other than
pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of Purchaser or in connection with a pledge
as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected
by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to
the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act. As
a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall have the rights
and obligations of Purchaser under this Agreement.

(b) Purchaser agrees
to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities in the following form:

THIS SECURITY HAS
NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION
FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED
OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR
IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS. THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED
BY SUCH SECURITIES.

The Company acknowledges
and agrees that Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant
a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor as defined
in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured
Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal
opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no notice shall
be required of such pledge. At Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee
or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities, including, if the Securities
are subject to registration pursuant to this Agreement, the preparation and filing of any required prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3)
under the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the Securities Act to appropriately amend the list of selling stockholders thereunder.

(c) Certificates evidencing
the Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof), (i) while a registration statement
(including the Registration Statement) covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any
sale of such Shares pursuant to Rule 144, (iii) if such Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company
to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale
restrictions, or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations
and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer
Agent or Purchaser promptly after the Effective Date (as defined below) of the Registration Statement (as defined below) if required by
the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by Purchaser, respectively. If such Shares may be sold
under Rule 144 and the Company is then in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144, or if the Shares may
be sold under Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under
Rule 144 as to such Shares or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including
judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) then such Shares shall be issued free of all legends.
The Company agrees that following the Effective Date or at such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), it
will, no later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period
(as defined below) following the delivery by Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Shares issued
with a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to Purchaser a certificate
representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or
give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4. Certificates for Securities
subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to Purchaser by crediting the account of Purchasers
prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect
to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Shares issued with a restrictive legend.

20

(d) In addition to
such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to Purchaser, in cash, if the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver
(or cause to be delivered) to Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date a certificate representing the Securities so delivered to the Company
by Purchaser that is free from all restrictive and other legends and (b) if after the Legend Removal Date Purchaser purchases (in an open
market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by Purchaser of all or any portion of the
number of shares of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion of the number of shares
of Common Stock that Purchaser anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then, an amount equal to the excess
of Purchasers total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of
Common Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) (the Buy-In Price)
over the product of (A) such number of Shares that the Company was required to deliver to Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date multiplied
by (B) the lowest closing sale price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the delivery by
Purchaser to the Company of the applicable Shares and ending on the date of such delivery and payment under this clause (d).

(e) Purchaser agrees
with the Company that Purchaser will sell any Securities pursuant to the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any
applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or an exemption therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement,
they will be sold in compliance with the plan of distribution set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive
legend from certificates representing Securities as set forth in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Companys reliance upon
this understanding.

4.2 Furnishing of Information;
Public Information. Until Purchaser owns no Securities, the Company covenants to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under
Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period)
all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject
to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. As long as Purchaser owns any Securities, if the Company is not required to file reports
pursuant to the Exchange Act, it will prepare and furnish to Purchaser and make publicly available in accordance with Rule 144(c) such
information as is required for Purchaser to sell the Securities, including without limitation, under Rule 144. The Company further covenants
that it will take such further action as any holder of Securities may reasonably request, to the extent required from time to time to
enable such Person to sell such Securities without registration under the Securities Act, including without limitation, within the requirements
of the exemption provided by Rule 144.

4.3 Integration. The
Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section
2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of
any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval
is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

21

4.4 Securities Laws Disclosure;
Publicity. The Company shall (a) by 8:30 a.m. (New York City time) on January 8, 2025, issue a press release disclosing the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto,
with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents
to Purchaser that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to Purchaser by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that
any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries
or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and Purchaser or any of its Affiliates
on the other hand, shall terminate. The Company and Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect
to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any
such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of Purchaser, or without the prior consent
of Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if
such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such
public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of Purchaser, or include
the name of Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent
of Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission
and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide Purchaser
with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b).

4.5 Shareholder Rights
Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that Purchaser is an
Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under
a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that Purchaser could
be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and Purchaser.

4.6 Non-Public Information.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, which shall be
disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide
Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that the Company believes constitutes material non-public information, unless
prior thereto Purchaser shall have entered into a written agreement with the Company regarding the confidentiality and use of such information.
The Company understands and confirms that Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to Purchaser without Purchasers consent,
the Company hereby covenants and agrees that Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries,
or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or
any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information,
provided that Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document
constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that Purchaser shall be relying
on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

4.7 Use of Proceeds.
The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds:
(a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the
Companys business and prior practices), (b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement
of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

22

4.8 Indemnification of
Purchaser. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold Purchaser and its directors, officers,
shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such
titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15
of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees
(and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any
other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities,
obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and
reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating
to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other
Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against a Purchaser Party in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates,
by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties
or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder
or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally
judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). In addition, subject to the provisions of this Section
4.8, the Company will indemnify Purchaser Party, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses,
claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses, as incurred, arising
out of or relating to (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in such registration statement, any prospectus
or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to
any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the
case of any prospectus or supplement thereto, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, except to
the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Purchaser
furnished in writing to the Company by such Purchaser expressly for use therein, or (ii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company
of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder in connection therewith. If
any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser
Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of
its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in
any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser
Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company
has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable
opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party,
in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company
will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys
prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss,
claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants
or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this
Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills
are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of
any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.9 Listing of Shares.
The Company hereby agrees to use commercially reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on each
Trading Market on which each is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall submit a listing of additional
shares notification form to the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC with respect to the Shares and the Warrant Shares. The Company further agrees,
if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the
Shares and the Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Securities to be listed or quoted on
such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing
and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all material respects with the Companys reporting, filing
and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain
the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation,
including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation
in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.10 Company Standstill.
Without the prior written consent of Purchaser, from the date hereof until seventy-five (75) days after the Closing Date, neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any Common
Stock, Common Stock Equivalents, other than an Exempt Issuance or (ii) file any registration statement or any amendment or supplement
thereto, other than the filing with the Commission of the Registration Statement specified in Section 4.15 of this Agreement.

23

4.11 Form D; Blue Sky Filings.
The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof,
promptly upon request of Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order
to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to Purchaser at the Closing under applicable securities or Blue
Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of Purchaser.

4.12 Certain Transactions
and Confidentiality. Purchaser, covenants that neither it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding
with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing
with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced
pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Purchaser covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, such Purchaser
will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Disclosure Schedules.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges
and agrees that (i) Purchaser makes no representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in
any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant
to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) Purchaser shall not be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions
in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) Purchaser shall
not have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company or its Subsidiaries after the
issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case Purchaser that is a multi-managed
investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers
have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers
assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made
the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.13 Transfer Restrictions.
The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws.

4.14 QEF Election.
If the Company becomes a PFIC, upon request of Purchaser at any time and from time to time, the Company will promptly provide the information
necessary for Purchaser to make a QEF Election with respect to the Company and will cause each direct and indirect subsidiary that the
Company controls to provide such information to Purchaser with respect to such subsidiary.

4.15 Registration Statement.
As soon as practicable (and in any event within 15 calendar days of the Closing Date), the Company shall file a registration statement
on Form S-1 (the Registration Statement) providing for the resale by Purchaser of the Securities issued pursuant
to the Agreement. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration to become effective within 30 days
following the Closing Date and to keep such registration statement effective at all times until Purchaser does not own any Securities
issued pursuant to this Agreement.

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. This
Agreement may be terminated by Purchaser by written notice to the Company, if the Closing Date has not been occurred on or before the
fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that
no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees and Expenses.
Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers,
counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation,
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all transfer agent fees (including, without limitation, any
fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied
in connection with the delivery of any Securities to Purchaser.

24

5.3 Entire Agreement.
The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect
to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such
matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices. Any and
all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed
given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the
facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m.
(New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on
a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd)Trading
Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party
to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages
attached hereto. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public
information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant
to a Report on Form 8-K.

5.5 Amendments; Waivers.
No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of
an amendment, by the Company and Purchaser or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision
is sought. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a
continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof,
nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

5.6 Headings. The headings
herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions
hereof.

5.7 Successors and Assigns.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may
not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of Purchaser (other than by merger).
Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities,
provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction
Documents that apply to the Purchaser.

5.8 No Third-Party Beneficiaries.
The Placement Agent shall be the third party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 3.1 and the representations
and warranties of Purchaser in Section 3.2. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise
set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

5.9 Governing Law.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by
and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of
any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof
via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices
to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party
shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations
of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its
reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action
or proceeding.

25

5.10 Survival. The
representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities for the applicable statute
of limitations.

5.11 Execution. This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose
behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original
thereof.

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission and Withdrawal
Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of the other Transaction
Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company does not
timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion
from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to
its future actions and rights; .

5.14 Replacement of Securities.
If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to
be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor,
a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction.
The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including
customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15 Remedies. In addition
to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, Purchaser and the Company will
be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation
for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not
to assert in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.16 Payment Set Aside.
To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or Purchaser enforces or
exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are
subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded,
repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any
bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation
or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not
been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

26

5.17 Reserved.

5.18 Saturdays, Sundays,
Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Trading Day or Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day or Business Day, as the case may be.

5.19 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends,
stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.20 WAIVER OF JURY
TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY
AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES
FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature Pages Follow)

27

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first
indicated above.

QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. Address for Notice:

By Email:

Name: Fax:

Title: 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

28

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO QUANTUM COMPUTING
INC.

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Name of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser:
_________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: _________________________________________

Facsimile Number of Authorized Signatory: __________________________________________

Address for Notice to Purchaser:

Subscription Amount: $_________________

Common Stock: _________________

Pre-funded Warrants: _________________

EIN Number: ____________________

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to
purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the Company
to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii) the Closing
shall occur by the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any condition to Closing contemplated by this
Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed of any agreement,
instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead be an unconditional
obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase
price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

29

EXHIBIT A

Form of Pre-Funded Warrant

30
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea022719301ex10-2_quantum.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PLACEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 7, 2025, BETWEEN QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. AND TITAN PARTNERS GROUP LLC, A DIVISION OF AMERICAN CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

PLACEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT

January 7, 2025

Titan Partners Group LLC,

a division of American Capital Partners, LLC

4 World Trade Center, 29th Floor

New York, NY 10007

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Introductory. This
Placement Agency Agreement the (Agreement) sets forth the terms upon which Titan Partners Group LLC, a division of
American Capital Partners, LLC (Titan Partners or the Placement Agent), shall be engaged by
Quantum Computing Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), to act as the exclusive Placement Agent in connection
with the private placement (the Placement) of (i) shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock) and (ii) pre-funded warrants (the Pre-funded Warrants and together with the Common Stock, the Securities)
to purchase shares of Common Stock at an exercise price equal to $0.0001 per share. The Securities
will be offered pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act contained in Section
4(a)(2) thereof and/or Regulation D thereunder. 

The terms of the Placement
and the Securities shall be mutually agreed upon by the Company and the purchasers (each, a Purchaser and collectively,
the Purchasers) and nothing herein constitutes that the Placement Agent would have the power or authority to bind
the Company or any Purchaser or an obligation for the Company to issue any Securities or complete the Placement. The date of the closing
of the Placement shall be referred to herein as the Closing Date. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that
the Placement Agents obligations hereunder are on a reasonable best efforts basis only and that the execution of this Agreement
does not constitute a commitment by the Placement Agent to purchase the Securities and does not ensure the successful placement of the
Securities or any portion thereof or the success of the Placement Agent with respect to securing any other financing on behalf of the
Company. Following the prior written consent of the Company, the Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents
or selected-dealers on its behalf in connection with the Placement. The sale of the Securities to any Purchaser will be evidenced by the
securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) by and among the Company and such Purchasers in the form of
Exhibit A attached hereto. Capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to such terms in the
Purchase Agreement. Prior to the signing of any Purchase Agreement, executive officers of the Company will be available upon reasonable
notice and during normal business hours to answer inquiries from prospective Purchasers.

SECTION 1. REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY; COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY.

A. Representations of the
Company. With respect to the Securities, each of the representations and warranties (together with any related disclosure schedules
thereto) and covenants made by the Company to the Purchasers in the Purchase Agreement in connection with the Placement is hereby incorporated
herein by reference into this Agreement (as though fully restated herein) and is, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing
Date, hereby made to, and in favor of, the Placement Agent. In addition to the foregoing, the Company represents and warrants that there
are no affiliations with any FINRA member firm participating in the Placement among the Companys officers, directors or, to the
knowledge of the Company, any five percent (5.0%) or greater stockholder of the Company. 

B. Covenants of the Company.
The Company covenants and agrees to continue to retain (i) a firm of independent PCAOB registered public accountants for a period of at
least five (5) years after the Closing Date and (ii) a competent transfer agent with respect to the Common Stock for a period of five
(5) years after the Closing Date.

SECTION 2. REPRESENTATIONS
OF THE PLACEMENT AGENT. The Placement Agent represents and warrants that it (i) is a member in good standing of the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority (FINRA), (ii) is registered as a broker/dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act), (iii) is licensed as a broker/dealer under the laws of the United States of America,
applicable to the offers and sales of the Securities by the Placement Agent, (iv) is and will be a corporate body validly existing under
the laws of its place of incorporation, and (v) has full power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement.
The Placement Agent will immediately notify the Company in writing of any change in its status with respect to subsections (i) through
(v) above. The Placement Agent covenants that it will use its reasonable best efforts to conduct the Placement hereunder in compliance
with the provisions of this Agreement and the requirements of applicable law.

SECTION 3. COMPENSATION.

A. Cash Compensation.
In consideration of the services to be provided for hereunder, the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent or its respective designees
a total cash fee equal to six percent (6%) of the aggregate gross proceeds from the Placement of the total amount of Securities sold (collectively,
the Cash Fee).

B. Warrant Compensation.
In consideration of the services to be provided for hereunder, the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent or its respective designees
at the Closing Date warrants (Agent Warrants) for the purchase of an aggregate of a number of shares of Common Stock
(the Agent Warrant Shares), representing 4% of the Securities sold at the Closing Date. The Agent Warrants, in the
form of Exhibit B hereto, shall be exercisable, in whole or in part, commencing on the date that is 180 days after the date of this Agreement
and expiring on the five-year anniversary of the date of this Agreement at an initial exercise price per share of Common Stock of $14.0875.
The Placement Agent understands and agrees that there are significant restrictions pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 against transferring the
Agent Warrants and the Agent Warrant Shares during the one hundred eighty (180) days after this Agreement and by its acceptance thereof
shall agree that it will not sell, transfer, assign, pledge or hypothecate the Agent Warrants, or any portion thereof, or be the subject
of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of such securities
for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days following the date of this Agreement to anyone other than (i) a sub-agent or selected-dealer
in connection with the Placement or (ii) a bona fide officer, partner, employee or registered representative of the Placement Agent, sub-agent
or selected-dealer; and only if any such transferee agrees to the foregoing lock-up restrictions. Delivery of the Agent Warrants shall
be made at the relevant Closing Date, and shall be issued in the name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Placement Agent
may request.

C. [Reserved]. 

D. Tail Financing. The
Placement Agent shall be entitled to compensation under Section 2(e) of that certain Engagement Letter dated November 12, 2024 (the Engagement
Letter), between the Company and the Placement Agent, calculated in the manner set forth therein, with respect to any public
or private offering or other financing or capital-raising transaction of any kind (Tail Financing) to the extent
that such financing or capital is provided to the Company by investors whom the Placement Agent actually introduced the Company to between
November 12, 2024 and the New Termination Date (as defined below), if such Tail Financing is consummated at any time within the six (6)
month period following the later of (i) the Closing Date or (ii) the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

E. Reduction of Compensation.
The Placement Agent reserves the right to reduce any item of compensation or adjust the terms thereof as specified herein in the event
that a determination shall be made by FINRA to the effect that the Placement Agents aggregate compensation is in excess of FINRA
Rules or that the terms thereof require adjustment.

SECTION 4. EXPENSES.
The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder and in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation: (i) all expenses incident to the issuance, delivery
and qualification of the Securities (including all printing and engraving costs); (ii) all fees and expenses of the registrar and transfer
agent for the Common Stock ; (iii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance and sale of the
Securities; (iv) all fees and expenses of the Companys counsel, independent public or certified public accountants and other advisors;
(v) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution of the Registration
Statement (including financial statements, exhibits, schedules, consents and certificates of experts), and the Prospectus, and all amendments
and supplements thereto, and this Agreement; (vi) all filing fees, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company
in connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the
Securities for offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws or the securities laws of any other country; (vii) the fees
and expenses associated with including the Common Stock on the Trading Market; (viii) up to $100,000 for the fees and expenses of the
Placement Agent, including the fees and expenses of McGuireWoods LLP, counsel to the Placement Agent. The Placement Agent may deduct
from the net proceeds of the Placement payable to the Company on the Closing Date, the expenses set forth herein to be paid by the Company
to the Placement Agent, to the extent not already paid.

2

SECTION 5. INDEMNIFICATION.

A. To the extent permitted by
law, with respect to the Securities, the Company will indemnify the Placement Agent and its affiliates, stockholders, directors, officers,
employees, members and controlling persons (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act)
against all losses, claims, damages, expenses and liabilities, as the same are incurred (including the reasonable fees and expenses of
counsel), relating to or arising out of its activities hereunder or pursuant to this Agreement or the Purchase Agreement, including, without
limitation, any failure by the Company to obtain any required consent, except to the extent that any losses, claims, damages, expenses
or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) are found in a final judgment (not subject to appeal) by a court of law to have resulted
primarily and directly from a Placement Agents willful misconduct or gross negligence in performing the services described herein.

B. Promptly after receipt by
the Placement Agent of notice of any claim or the commencement of any action or proceeding with respect to which the Placement Agent is
entitled to indemnity hereunder, the Placement Agent will promptly notify the Company in writing of such claim or of the commencement
of such action or proceeding, but failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from any obligation it may have hereunder,
except and only to the extent such failure results in the forfeiture by the Company of substantial rights and defenses. If the Company
so elects or is requested by the Placement Agent, the Company will assume the defense of such action or proceeding and will employ counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent and will pay the fees and expenses of such counsel. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence,
the Placement Agent will be entitled to employ its own counsel separate from counsel for the Company and from any other party in such
action if counsel for the Placement Agent reasonably determines that it would be inappropriate under the applicable rules of professional
responsibility for the same counsel to represent both the Company and the Placement Agent. In such event, the reasonable fees and disbursements
of no more than one such separate counsel will be paid by the Company, in addition to fees of local counsel. The Company will have the
right to settle the claim or proceeding, provided that the Company will not settle any such claim, action or proceeding without the prior
written consent of the Placement Agent, which will not be unreasonably withheld. 

C. The Company agrees to notify
the Placement Agent promptly of the assertion against it or any other person of any claim or the commencement of any action or proceeding
relating to a transaction contemplated by this Agreement.

D. If for any reason the foregoing
indemnity is unavailable to the Placement Agent or insufficient to hold the Placement Agent harmless, then the Company shall contribute
to the amount paid or payable by the Placement Agent as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities in such proportion as
is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Placement Agent on the other,
but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Placement Agent on the other that resulted in such losses, claims,
damages or liabilities, as well as any relevant equitable considerations. The amounts paid or payable by a party in respect of losses,
claims, damages and liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include any legal or other fees and expenses incurred in defending
any litigation, proceeding or other action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions hereof, the Placement Agents share of the liability
hereunder shall not be in excess of the amount of fees actually received, or to be received, by the Placement Agent under this Agreement
(excluding any amounts received as reimbursement of expenses incurred by the Placement Agent).

E. These indemnification provisions
shall remain in full force and effect whether or not the transaction contemplated by this Agreement is completed and shall survive the
termination of this Agreement, and shall be in addition to any liability that the Company might otherwise have to any indemnified party
under this Agreement or otherwise.

3

SECTION 6. ENGAGEMENT
TERM. The Company and the Placement Agent agree that the Engagement Letter is hereby amended to extend the Initial Term (as defined
in the Engagement Letter) from January 31, 2025 to the date that is seventy-five calendar days (75) after the Closing Date (the New
Termination Date). In addition, the Placement Agents engagement hereunder will be until the New Termination Date. In
the event, however, in the course of the Placement Agents performance of due diligence it deems, it necessary to terminate the
engagement hereunder, the Placement Agent may do so prior to the New Termination Date. The Company may elect to terminate the engagement
hereunder for any reason prior to the New Termination Date but will remain responsible for fees pursuant to Section 3 hereof with respect
to the Securities if sold in the Placement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions concerning the Companys
obligation to pay any fees actually earned pursuant to Section 3 hereof and the provisions concerning confidentiality, indemnification
and contribution contained herein will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated prior
to the completion of the Placement, all fees due to the Placement Agent as set forth in Section 3 shall be paid by the Company to the
Placement Agent on or before the New Termination Date (in the event such fees are earned or owed as of the New Termination Date). The
Placement Agent agrees not to use any confidential information concerning the Company provided to the Placement Agent by the Company for
any purposes other than those contemplated under this Agreement.

SECTION 7. PLACEMENT
AGENT INFORMATION. The Company agrees that any information or advice rendered by the Placement Agent in connection with this engagement
is for the confidential use of the Company only in its evaluation of the Placement and, except as otherwise required by law, the Company
will not disclose or otherwise refer to the advice or information in any manner without the Placement Agents prior written consent.

SECTION 8. NO FIDUCIARY
RELATIONSHIP. This Agreement does not create, and shall not be construed as creating rights enforceable by any person or entity not
a party hereto, except those entitled hereto by virtue of the indemnification provisions hereof. The Company acknowledges and agrees that
the Placement Agent is not and shall not be construed as a fiduciary of the Company and shall have no duties or liabilities to the equity
holders or the creditors of the Company or any other person by virtue of this Agreement or the retention of the Placement Agent hereunder,
all of which are hereby expressly waived.

SECTION 9. CLOSING.
The obligations of the Placement Agent, and the closing of the sale of the Offered Securities hereunder are subject to the accuracy, when
made and on the Closing Date, of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company contained herein and in the Purchase Agreement,
to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder, and to each of the following additional terms and conditions, except as
otherwise disclosed to and acknowledged and waived by the Placement Agent:

A. All corporate proceedings
and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form, execution, delivery and validity of each of this Agreement, the Securities,
and all other legal matters relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby with respect to the Securities shall be
reasonably satisfactory in all material respects to the Placement Agent.

B. The Placement Agent shall
have received on the Closing Date the favorable opinion of Lucosky Brookman LLP, counsel to the Company, dated as of the Closing Date
and addressed to the Placement Agent, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

C. The Placement Agent shall
have received (i) a customary Officers Certificate, executed and delivered by the Companys executive officers, as to the
accuracy of the representations and warranties contained in the Purchase Agreement and (ii) a Secretarys Certificate executed and
delivered by the Companys corporate secretary certifying that (A) the Companys charter documents are true and complete,
have not been modified and are in full force and effect; (B) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to
the Placement are in full force and effect and have not been modified; (C) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company and (D)
other customary certifications reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

4

D. The Placement Agent shall
have received on the date of this Agreement and on the Closing Date, a Chief Financial Officers Certificate with respect to the
financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Companys reports filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.

E. [Reserved.]

F. The Placement Agent shall
have received, no later than on the Closing Date, executed copies of the Lock-Up Agreement, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit
C, from each of the persons listed in Schedule 1 hereto.

G. The Placement Agent shall
have received on the Closing Date satisfactory evidence of the good standing of the Company and its subsidiaries in their respective jurisdictions
of organization and their good standing as foreign corporations in such other jurisdictions as the Placement Agent may reasonably request,
in each case in writing or any standard form of telecommunication from the appropriate governmental authorities of such jurisdictions,
dated no more than one (1) business day prior to the Closing Date.

H. The Company shall have taken
no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting
or suspending from trading the Common Stock from the Trading Market or other applicable U.S. national exchange, nor has the Company received
any information suggesting that the Commission or the Trading Market or other U.S. applicable national exchange is contemplating terminating
such registration or listing. The Company shall have submitted a listing of additional shares notification form to the Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC with respect to the Securities and shall have received no objection thereto from Nasdaq Stock Market LLC.

I. No action shall have been
taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted or issued by any governmental agency or body which would,
as of the Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities or materially and adversely affect or potentially and adversely
affect the business or operations of the Company; and no injunction, restraining order or order of any other nature by any federal or
state court of competent jurisdiction shall have been issued as of the Closing Date which would prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities
or materially and adversely affect or potentially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company.

J. The Company shall have entered
into a Purchase Agreement with each of the Purchasers of the Securities; and such agreements shall be in full force and effect and shall
contain representations, warranties and covenants of the Company as agreed upon between the Company and the Purchasers.

K. FINRA shall have raised no
objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the terms and arrangements of this Agreement. In addition, the Company shall, if requested
by the Placement Agent, make or authorize Placement Agents counsel to make on the Companys behalf, any filing with the FINRA
Corporate Financing Department pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 with respect to the Placement and pay all filing fees required in connection
therewith.

If any of the conditions specified
in this Section 9 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required by this Agreement, all obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder
may be cancelled by the Placement Agent at, or at any time prior to, the Closing Date. Notice of such cancellation shall be given to the
Company in writing or orally. Any such oral notice shall be confirmed promptly thereafter in writing.

SECTION 10. GOVERNING
LAW. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements
made and to be performed entirely in such State, without regard to principles of conflicts of law. This Agreement may not be assigned
by either party without the prior written consent of the other party. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
the parties hereto, and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Any right to trial by jury with respect to any dispute arising
under this Agreement or any transaction or conduct in connection herewith is waived. Any dispute arising under this Agreement may be brought
into the courts of the State of New York or into the Federal Court located in New York, New York and, by execution and delivery of this
Agreement, the Company hereby accepts for itself and in respect of its property, generally and unconditionally, the jurisdiction of aforesaid
courts. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit,
action or proceeding by delivering a copy thereof via overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect
for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. If either
party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or
proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

5

SECTION 11. ENTIRE
AGREEMENT/MISCELLANEOUS. This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding between the parties hereto, and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings, relating to the subject matter hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Engagement Letter shall
remain in full force and effect. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such
determination will not affect such provision in any other respect or any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in full
force and effect. This Agreement may not be amended or otherwise modified or waived except by an instrument in writing signed by both
the Placement Agent and the Company. The representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained herein shall survive the Closing
Date of the Placement and delivery of the Securities. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken
together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and
delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature
is delivered by facsimile transmission or a .pdf format file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party
executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were
an original thereof.

SECTION 12.NOTICES.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is sent to the email address
specified on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a business day, (b) the next business day
after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is sent to the email address on the signature pages attached hereto on
a day that is not a business day or later than 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any business day, (c) the third business day following
the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. internationally recognized air courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such
notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages hereto.

SECTION 13. PRESS
ANNOUNCEMENTS. The Company agrees that the Placement Agent shall, on and after the Closing Date, have the right to reference the Placement
and the Placement Agents role in each in connection therewith in the Placement Agents marketing materials and on its website
and to place advertisements in financial and other newspapers and journals, in each case at its own expense.

SECTION 14. STANDSTILL.
Without the prior written consent of Placement Agent, from the date hereof until seventy-five (75) days after the Closing Date, neither
the Company nor any subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any
Common Stock or common stock equivalents, other than an Exempt Issuance or (ii) file any registration statement or any amendment or supplement
thereto, other than the filing with the Commission of the Registration Statement specified in Section 4.15 of the Purchase Agreement.
For purposes of this Agreement, Exempt Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees,
officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any share or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee
members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose
for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of securities exercisable or exchangeable
for or convertible into Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been
amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price
or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities,
(c) the securities of the Company issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and (d) securities
issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided
that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that
require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 14 herein
and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries,
an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company
additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities
primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities.

[Signature page follows]

6

Please confirm that the foregoing
correctly sets forth our agreement by signing and returning to the Placement Agents the enclosed copy of this Agreement.

Very truly yours,

TITAN PARTNERS GROUP LLC,

A DIVISION OF AMERICAN CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC

By: /s/ Adam Sands 

Name: Adam Sands 

Title: Authorized Representative 

Address for notice:

Titan Partners Group LLC, a division of American Capital Partners,
LLC

4 World Trade Center, 29th Floor

New York, NY 10007

Attention: Adam Sands

Accepted and Agreed to as of the date first written above:

QUANTUM COMPUTING INC.

By: /s/ Chris Boehmler 

Name: Chris Boehmler 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Address for notice:

Quantum Computing Inc.

5 Marine View Plaza, Suite 214, 

Hoboken, New Jersey 07030

Attention: Chris Boehmler

7

EXHIBIT A

Form of Purchase Agreement

A-1

EXHIBIT B

Form of Placement Agent Warrant

B-1

EXHIBIT C

Form of Lock-Up Agreement

C-1

Schedule 1

List of Lock-Up Parties

William J. McGann

Chris Boehmler

Robert Fagenson

Michael Turmelle

Dr. Yuping Huang

Dr. Carl Weimer

Dr. Javad Shabani

Christopher Roberts

I-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea022719301ex10-3_quantum.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT DATED JANUARY 7, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

Form of Lock-Up Agreement

January 7, 2025

Re: Placement Agency Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2025 (the
Placement Agreement), between Quantum Computing Inc. (the Company) and Titan Partners Group
LLC, a division of American Capital Partners, LLC,.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Capitalized terms used but
not defined in this letter agreement (this Letter Agreement) shall have the meanings set forth in the Placement Agreement.
Pursuant to Section 9(F) of the Placement Agreement and in satisfaction of a condition of the Companys obligations under the Placement
Agreement, the undersigned irrevocably agrees with the Company that, from the date hereof until sixty (60) days after the Closing Date
(such period, the Restriction Period) the undersigned will not offer, sell, contract to sell, hypothecate, pledge
or otherwise dispose of (or enter into any transaction which is designed to, or might reasonably be expected to, result in the disposition
(whether by actual disposition or effective economic disposition due to cash settlement or otherwise) by the undersigned or any affiliate
(as such term is defined in Rule 501(b) under the 1933 Act (each, an Affiliate) of the undersigned or any person
in privity with the undersigned or any Affiliate of the undersigned), directly or indirectly, or establish or increase a put equivalent
position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act), with respect to, any Common Stock or securities convertible, exchangeable or exercisable
into, Common Stock beneficially owned, held or hereafter acquired by the undersigned (the Securities) or make any
demand for or exercise any right or cause to be filed a registration, including any amendments thereto, with respect to the registration
of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing. Beneficial ownership shall
be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. Beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act. In order to enforce this covenant, the Company shall impose irrevocable stop-transfer instructions preventing
the transfer agent of the Company from effecting any actions in violation of this Letter Agreement.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
and subject to the conditions below, the undersigned may transfer the Securities provided that (1) the Company receives a signed lock-up
letter agreement (in the form of this Letter Agreement) for the balance of the Restriction Period from each donee, trustee, distributee,
or transferee, as the case may be, prior to such transfer (2) any such transfer shall not involve a disposition for value, (3) such transfer
is not required to be reported with the Securities and Exchange Commission in accordance with the Exchange Act and no report of such transfer
shall be made voluntarily, and (4) neither the undersigned nor any donee, trustee, distributee or transferee, as the case may be, otherwise
voluntarily effects any public filing or report regarding such transfers, with respect to transfer:

i) as a bona fide gift or gifts, or charitable contribution(s);

ii) to any immediate family member or to any trust for the direct
or indirect benefit of the undersigned or the immediate family of the undersigned (for purposes of this Letter Agreement, immediate
family shall mean any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote than first cousin);

iii) to any corporation, partnership, limited liability company,
or other business entity all of the equity holders of which consist of the undersigned and/or the immediate family of the undersigned;

iv) if the undersigned is a corporation, partnership, limited
liability company, trust or other business entity (a) to another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other
business entity that is an Affiliate of the undersigned, (b) in the form of a distribution to limited partners, limited liability company
members or stockholders of the undersigned, or (c) in connection with a sale, merger or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets
of the undersigned or any other change of control of the undersigned, not undertaken for the purpose of avoiding the restrictions imposed
by this Letter Agreement;

v) if the undersigned is a trust, to the beneficiary of such
trust; or

vi) by will, other testamentary document or intestate succession
to the legal representative, heir, beneficiary or a member of the immediate family of the undersigned;

In addition, notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Letter Agreement shall not restrict the delivery of shares of Common Stock to the undersigned upon (i) exercise any
options granted under any employee benefit plan of the Company; provided that any shares of Common Stock or Securities acquired in connection
with any such exercise will be subject to the restrictions set forth in this Letter Agreement, or (ii) the exercise of warrants or any
other security convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock ; provided that such Common Stock delivered to the undersigned in connection
with such exercise or conversion are subject to the restrictions set forth in this Letter Agreement.

Furthermore, the undersigned
may enter into any new plan established in compliance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act; provided that (i) such plan may only be established
if no public announcement or filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or other applicable regulatory authority, is made in
connection with the establishment of such plan during the Restriction Period and (ii) no sale of shares of Common Stock are made pursuant
to such plan during the Restriction Period.

The undersigned acknowledges
that the execution, delivery and performance of this Letter Agreement is a material inducement to the Placement Agent to complete the
transactions contemplated by the Placement Agreement and the Company shall be entitled to specific performance of the undersigneds
obligations hereunder. The undersigned hereby represents that the undersigned has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform
this Letter Agreement, that the undersigned has received adequate consideration therefor and that the undersigned will indirectly benefit
from the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Placement Agreement.

This Letter Agreement may
not be amended or otherwise modified in any respect without the written consent of each of the Company and the undersigned. This Letter
Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the principles of conflict
of laws. The undersigned hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court sitting in the Southern
District of New York and the courts of the State of New York located in Manhattan, for the purposes of any suit, action or proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Letter Agreement, and hereby waives, and agrees not to assert in any such suit, action or proceeding,
any claim that (i) it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such court, (ii) the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an
inconvenient forum, or (iii) the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper. The undersigned hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by receiving a copy thereof sent to the
Company at the address in effect for notices to it under the Placement Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. The undersigned hereby waives any right to a trial by jury. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. The undersigned agrees and understands
that this Letter Agreement does not intend to create any relationship between the undersigned and the Placement Agent and that the Placement
Agent is not entitled to cast any votes on the matters herein contemplated and that no issuance or sale of the Securities is created or
intended by virtue of this Letter Agreement.

This Letter Agreement shall
be binding on successors and assigns of the undersigned with respect to the Securities and any such successor or assign shall enter into
a similar agreement for the benefit of the Placement Agent.

It is understood that, this
Letter Agreement shall automatically terminate, and the undersigned shall be released from its obligations hereunder, upon the earliest
to occur, if any, of (i) prior to the execution of the Placement Agreement, the Company advises Titan Partners Group LLC, a division of
American Capital Partners, LLC, in writing that it has determined not to proceed with the Placement, (ii) the Placement Agreement is executed
but is terminated prior to payment for and delivery of any Placement Shares pursuant to the Placement Agreement, or (iii) January 31,
2025, in the event that the Placement Agreement has not been executed by such date.

This Letter Agreement is intended
for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any
provisions hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

*** SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS***

2

This Letter Agreement may
be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together may be considered one and the same agreement.

_________________________

Signature

__________________________

Print Name

__________________________

Position in Company, if any

Address for Notice:

___________________________

___________________________

____________________________

Number of shares of Common Stock

_____________________________________________________________________________

Number of shares of Common Stock underlying subject
to warrants, options, debentures or other convertible securities

By signing below, the Company
agrees to enforce the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Letter Agreement.

QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea022719301ex99-1_quantum.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED JANUARY 7, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Quantum Computing, Inc. Announces Private Placement
of Common Stock for Proceeds of $100 Million

HOBOKEN, NJ January 7, 2025 Quantum Computing
Inc. (QCi or the Company) (Nasdaq: QUBT), an innovative, integrated photonics and quantum optics technology
company, today announced that it has entered into securities purchase agreements with institutional investors for the purchase and sale
of 8,163,266 shares of common stock in a private placement at a purchase price of $12.25 per share. The offering is expected to result
in gross proceeds of $100 million, before deducting offering expenses. The closing of the offering is expected to occur on or about January
9, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working
capital and general corporate purposes. With the anticipated net proceeds, combined with existing cash reserves, the Company expects to
have sufficient resources to continue advancing and expanding the development and manufacturing of its photonics, thin-film lithium niobate
(TFLN), and quantum technologies.

This successful $100 million offering is priced at substantial premiums
to our two recent offerings, bringing our total gross capital raised since November to $190 million, said Mr. Chris Boehmler, CFO
of QCi. These funds further fortify our financial position and enable us to execute our multi-year growth plan, including investment
in our longer-term initiatives, and thereby capitalize on the considerable opportunities in the TFLN photonic chip and quantum computing
markets.

Titan Partners Group, a division of American Capital Partners, is acting
as the sole placement agent for the offering.

The securities issued in the private placement described above have not
been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration
or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. The Company has agreed to file a resale registration statement with the SEC
for purposes of registering the resale of the shares of common stock issued in connection with the private placement.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation
of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or
sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

For investor relations inquiries, contact John Nesbett at qci@imsinvestorrelations.com,
and for public relations inquiries, contact Jessica Tocco at jessica.tocco@a10associates.com.

About Quantum Computing Inc.

Quantum Computing Inc. (Nasdaq: QUBT) is an innovative, integrated
photonics and quantum optics technology company that provides accessible and affordable quantum machines to the world today. QCis
products are designed to operate at room temperature and low power at an affordable cost. The Companys portfolio of core technology
and products offer unique capabilities in the areas of high-performance computing, artificial intelligence, and cybersecurity, as well
as remote sensing applications

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements as defined within
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking
statements, generally identified by terms such as may, will, expect, believe,
anticipate, estimate, intends, goal, objective, seek,
attempt, aim to, or variations of these or similar words, involve risks and uncertainties because they relate
to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. Those statements include statements regarding and including statements
regarding the expected closing of the offering and QCis use of the net proceeds from the offering. Prospective investors are cautioned
that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, including, without
limitation, the risks and uncertainties associated with market conditions and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions related
to the offering, as well as risks and uncertainties inherent in the QCis business, including the timing of commencing production
at our TFLN fabrication facility, the timing of the advancement of our high-performance computing products, and the outcome of ongoing
collaborations and demonstration projects with certain U.S. government agencies, and that actual results may differ materially from those
contemplated by such forward-looking statements. Except as required by federal securities law, QCi undertakes no obligation to update
or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed conditions.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>qubt-20250107.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>qubt-20250107_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>qubt-20250107_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 07, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 07, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40615

Entity Registrant Name QUANTUM COMPUTING INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001758009

Entity Tax Identification Number 82-4533053

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 5 Marine View Plaza

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 214

Entity Address, City or Town Hoboken

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 07030

City Area Code 703

Local Phone Number 436-2161

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock (par value $0.0001 per share)

Trading Symbol QUBT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://quantumcomputinginc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0227193-8k_quantum.htm 
qubt-20250107.xsd 
qubt-20250107_lab.xml 
qubt-20250107_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-002134-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ea0227193-8k_quantum_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001758009 

2025-01-07 
2025-01-07 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001758009 
8-K 
2025-01-07 
QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 
DE 
001-40615 
82-4533053 
5 Marine View Plaza 
Suite 214 
Hoboken 
NJ 
07030 
703 
436-2161 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock (par value $0.0001 per share) 
QUBT 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>