<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001393883-25-000027.txt : 20250130
<SEC-HEADER>0001393883-25-000027.hdr.sgml : 20250130
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250130162751
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001393883-25-000027
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250128
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250130
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250130

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DHI GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001393883
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				203179218
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33584
		FILM NUMBER:		25574112

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6465 SOUTH GREENWOOD PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			CENTENNIAL
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80111
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-448-6605

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6465 SOUTH GREENWOOD PLAZA
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			CENTENNIAL
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80111

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DICE HOLDINGS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070321
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>dhx-20250128.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?dhx-20250128

00013938838-K2025Q1FALSE00013938832025-01-282025-01-28

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT

TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported) January 28, 2025

DHI Group, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)

001-33584 20-3179218

(Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

6465 South Greenwood Plaza, Suite 400, Centennial, Colorado 80111

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(212)448-6605

(Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (seeGeneral Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share DHX New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers

On January 28, 2025, the Board of Directors of DHI Group, Inc. (the Company) appointed Gregory Schippers, as the Company's Chief Financial Officer (CFO), and E. Jack Connolly as the Company's Chief Legal Officer ("CLO"), with both appointments effective January 28, 2025 (the Employment Commencement Date). Mr. Schippers will have overall responsibility for the Companys financial organization, including financial planning, accounting, financial reporting, investor relations, treasury, internal audit and tax matters. Mr. Connolly will be responsible for overseeing the company's legal affairs including intellectual property, mergers and acquisitions, strategic alliances, corporate securities, data privacy and corporate governance.

Mr. Schippers joined the Company in 2014 as Vice President of Finance and Controller. He was appointed Interim CFO of the Company in November 2024. 

Mr. Connolly joined the Company in 2018 as its Corporate Attorney and served in that role until January 2020; from January 2020 to January 2022, he served the Company as Senior Corporate Attorney and was 

promoted to Vice President of Legal in January 2022, a role he held until May of 2023. He has served as the Company's General Counsel since May of 2023. 

Mr. Schippers does not have any family relationship with any director or officer of the Company or any other person nominated or chosen by the Company to become a director or executive officer, and there are no transactions in which Mr. Schippers has an interest requiring disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

In connection with Mr. Schippers appointment as CFO, Dice Inc., a subsidiary of the Company (Dice), and Mr. Schippers have entered into an employment agreement (the Schippers Employment Agreement). Pursuant to the Schippers Employment Agreement, Mr. Schippers' annual base salary will be $320,000, and his annual target cash bonus will be 50% of his base salary.

If Mr. Schippers employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause, but excluding by Mr. Schippers for Good Reason (as defined in the Schippers Employment Agreement) (other than following a Change of Control (each as defined in the Schippers Employment Agreement)), Mr. Schippers would be entitled to receive, subject to his execution of a release of claims, (i) a lump-sum severance payment equal to nine months of his then-current annual base salary and (ii) his Annual Bonus with respect to any completed year for which he has not yet been paid, based on actual performance. If Mr. Schippers' employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause or by him for Good Reason, in each case, within the one year period immediately following a Change of Control, Mr. Schippers would be entitled to receive, subject to his execution of a release of claims, (i) a lump-sum severance payment equal to (x) 100% of his then-current annual base salary plus (y) his then-current bonus target (or, if higher, the amount of any Annual Bonus paid in respect of the calendar year prior to the calendar year of termination of employment), (ii) his Annual Bonus with respect to any completed year for which the Employee has not yet been paid, based on actual performance, and (iii) accelerated vesting with respect to 100% of the shares of common stock underlying each of his then-unvested outstanding equity-based awards.

Mr. Connolly does not have any family relationship with any director or officer of the Company or any other person nominated or chosen by the Company to become a director or executive officer, and there are no transactions in which Mr. Connolly has an interest requiring disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

In connection with Mr. Connolly's appointment as CLO, Dice, and Mr. Connolly have entered into an employment agreement (the Connolly Employment Agreement, and together with the Schippers Employment Agreement the "Employment Agreements"). Pursuant to the Connolly Employment Agreement, Mr. Connolly's annual base salary will be $300,000, and his annual target cash bonus will be 40% of his base salary.

If Mr. Connolly's employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause, but excluding by Mr. Connolly for Good Reason (as defined in the Connolly Employment Agreement) (other than following a Change of Control (each as defined in the Connolly Employment Agreement), Mr. Connolly would be entitled to receive, subject to his execution of a release of claims, (i) a lump-sum severance payment equal to nine months of his then-current annual base salary and (ii) his Annual Bonus with respect to any completed year for which he has not yet been paid, based on actual performance. If Mr. Connolly's employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause or by him for Good Reason, in each case, within the one year period immediately following a Change of Control, Mr. Connolly would be entitled to receive, subject to his execution of a release of claims, (i) a lump-sum severance payment equal to (x) 100% of his then-current annual base salary plus (y) his then-current bonus target (or, if higher, the amount of any Annual Bonus paid in respect of the calendar year prior to the calendar year of termination of employment), (ii) his Annual Bonus with respect to any completed year for which the Employee has not yet been paid, based on actual performance, and (iii) accelerated vesting with respect to 100% of the shares of common stock underlying each of his then-unvested outstanding equity-based awards.

The foregoing description of the Employment Agreements do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Employment Agreements, which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure

On January 30, 2025, the Company issued a press release relating to Mr. Schippers' and Mr. Connolly's appointments. A copy of such press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The information set forth in this Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1 hereto, is being furnished pursuant to Item 7.01 of Form 8-K and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any of the Companys filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings, except to the extent expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. 

ITEM 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(a)Exhibits.

EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION 

10.1 

Employment Agreement,effective as of January 28, 2025, between Dice, Inc. and Gregory Schippers

10.2 

Employment Agreement, effective as of January 28, 2025, between Dice, Inc. and E. Jack Connolly

99.1 

Press Release, dated as of January 30, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

DHI GROUP, INC. 

Date: January 30, 2025 By: /S/ Art Zeile 

Name: Art Zeile 

Title: President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>schippersgreg-employmentag.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1 SCHIPPERS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Document

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT and Addendum to Employment Agreement attached hereto and incorporated herein (collectively, this Agreement), dated as of January 28, 2025, is between Dice, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), with its principal place of business at 6465 South Greenwood Plaza, Suite 400, Centennial, CO 80111, and Gregory Schippers, an individual, whose address is reflected in the Companys records (the Employee), and, solely for the purposes of Sections 1 and 2(b) of the Addendum, DHI Group, Inc. (Parent). The parties acknowledge and agree that, upon the execution of this Agreement by the parties hereto, this Agreement supersedes, replaces and terminates the existing employment agreement between Company and Employee dated May 15, 2014.

In consideration of the Companys securing the services of the Employee as the Companys Chief Financial Officer, and the Employees undertaking employment with the Company in such position, the Company and the Employee hereby agree to be bound by and comply with the following terms and conditions and agree as follows:

Section 1.At-Will Employment. The Employee acknowledges and agrees that his employment status is that of an employee-at-will and that the Employees employment may be terminated by the Company or the Employee at any time with or without cause, subject to the terms and conditions in the Addendum to Employment Agreement hereto. 

Section 2.Compensation. In consideration of the services to be rendered hereunder, the Employee shall be paid, and the Company shall pay the Employee, in accordance with the Addendum to Employment Agreement attached hereto.

Section 3.Employee Inventions and Ideas.

(a)The Employee will maintain current and adequate written records on the development of, and disclose to the Company, all Inventions (as defined herein). Inventions shall mean all ideas, potential marketing and sales relationships, inventions, copyrightable expression, research, plans for products or services, marketing plans, computer software (including, without limitation, source code), computer programs, original works of authorship, characters, know-how, trade secrets, information, data, developments, discoveries, improvements, modifications, technology, algorithms and designs, whether or not subject to patent or copyright protection, made, conceived, expressed, developed, or actually or constructively reduced to practice by the Employee solely or jointly with others during the term of the Employees employment with the Company, which refer to, are suggested by, or result from any work which the Employee may do during his employment, or from any information obtained from the Company or any affiliate of the Company in the course of his employment by the Company.

(b)All Inventions shall be the exclusive property of the Company, and the Employee acknowledges that all of said Inventions shall be considered as work made for hire belonging to the Company. To the extent that any such Inventions, under applicable law, may not be considered work made for hire by the Employee for the Company, the Employee hereby agrees to assign and, upon its creation, 

automatically and irrevocably assigns to the Company, without any further consideration, all right, title and interest in and to such materials, including, without limitation, any copyright, other intellectual property rights, moral rights, all contract and licensing rights, and all claims and causes of action of any kind with respect to such materials. The Company shall have the exclusive right to use the Inventions, whether original or derivative, for all purposes without additional compensation to the Employee. At the Companys expense, the Employee will assist the Company in every proper way to perfect the Companys rights in the Inventions and to protect the Inventions throughout the world, including, without limitation, executing in favor of the Company or any designee(s) of the Company patent, copyright, and other applications and assignments relating to the Inventions. The Employee agrees not to challenge the validity of the ownership by the Company or its designee(s) in the Inventions.

(c)Should the Company be unable to secure the Employees signature on any document necessary to apply for, prosecute, obtain, or enforce any patent, copyright, or other right or protection relating to any Invention, whether due to the Employees mental or physical incapacity, or any other cause, the Employee hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and each of its duly authorized officers and agents as the Employees agent and attorney in fact, to act for and in the Employees behalf and stead and to execute and file any such document, and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution, issuance, and enforcement of patents, copyrights, or other rights or protections with the same force and effect as if executed and delivered by the Employee.

(d)Notwithstanding the Employees confidentiality obligations set forth in this Agreement, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, the Employee shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (A) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. The Employee also understands that if he files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, the Employee may disclose the trade secret to his attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the Employee (A) files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and (B) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

Section 4.Proprietary Information.

(a)The Employee will not disclose or use, at any time either during or after the term of employment, any Confidential Information (as herein defined), except (i) at the request of the Company or an affiliate of the Company or (ii) as required in the performance of the Employees duties hereunder; provided, however, that if the Employee receives a request to disclose Confidential Information pursuant to a deposition, interrogation, request for information or documents in legal proceedings, subpoena, civil investigative demand, governmental or regulatory 

process or similar process, (A) the Employee shall promptly notify in writing the Company, and consult with and assist the Company in seeking a protective order or request for other appropriate remedy, (B) in the event that such protective order or remedy is not obtained, or if the Company waives compliance with the terms hereof, the Employee shall disclose only that portion of the Confidential Information which, based on the written advice of the Employees legal counsel, is legally required to be disclosed and shall exercise reasonable efforts to provide that the receiving person shall agree to treat such Confidential Information as confidential to the extent possible (and permitted under applicable law) in respect of the applicable proceeding or process and, (C) to the extent reasonably practicable, the Company shall be given an opportunity to review the Confidential Information prior to disclosure thereof. Confidential Information shall mean all Company proprietary information, technical data, trade secrets, and know-how, including, without limitation, research, product plans, customer lists, customer preferences, marketing plans and strategies, software, development, inventions, discoveries, processes, ideas, formulas, algorithms, technology, designs, drawings, business strategies and financial data and information, including, but not limited to Inventions, whether or not marked as Confidential. Confidential Information shall also mean any and all information received by the Company from customers, vendors and independent contractors of the Company or other third parties subject to a duty to be kept confidential. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not include information that is or becomes generally known by the public other than by breach of this Agreement by, or other wrongful act of, the Employee.

(b)The Employee hereby acknowledges and agrees that all personal property, including, without limitation, all books, manuals, records, reports, notes, contracts, lists, blueprints, and other documents, or materials, or copies thereof, Confidential Information as defined in Section 4(a) above, and equipment furnished to or prepared by the Employee in the course of or incident to his employment, including, without limitation, records and any other materials pertaining to Inventions, belong to the Company and shall be promptly returned to the Company upon termination of employment (or earlier at the Companys request). Following termination, the Employee will not retain any written or other tangible or electronic material containing any Confidential Information or information pertaining to any Invention.

(c)Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, nothing herein shall (i) prohibit the Employee from reporting to the staff of the SEC possible violations of any law or regulation of the SEC, (ii) prohibit the Employee from making other disclosures to the staff of the SEC that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of any federal securities laws or regulations or (iii) limit the Employees right to receive an award for information provided to the SEC staff in accordance with the foregoing. The Employee does not need the prior authorizations of the Company to engage in such reports, communications or disclosures and Employee is not required to notify the Company if Employee engages in any such reports, communications or disclosures.

Section 5.Limited Agreement Not to Compete/Solicit/Disparage.

(a)While employed by the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months after the termination of the Employees employment with the Company, the Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, as an employee, employer, consultant, agent, principal, partner, manager, stockholder, officer, director, or in any other individual or representative capacity, engage, participate or in any way render services or assistance to any business that is competitive with the business of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Employee may own less than two percent (2%) of any class of stock or security of any corporation which competes with the Company listed on a national securities exchange.

(b)While employed by the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months after the termination of the Employees employment with the Company, the Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, solicit for employment or employ any person who was employed by the Company at the time of the Employees termination from the Company.

(c)The Employee hereby agrees that prior to commencing employment with, or commencing to provide services to, any other person or entity during any period during which the Employee remains subject to any of the covenants set forth in this Section 5, the Employee shall provide such employer with written notice of such provisions of this Agreement (which may be effected by advising such prospective employer of the location of the publicly filed agreements) with a copy of such notice or advice delivered simultaneously to the Company, and the Employee authorizes the Company and any of its affiliates to do the same.

(d)The Employee hereby agrees from the date hereof and at all times following his termination of employment (i) not to participate or engage in any trade or commercial disparagement of the business or operations of the Company or any of its affiliates; and (ii) not to make any disparaging remarks or communications of any type concerning the Company or any of its affiliates or any of the officers, directors, employees, partners, members, managers, shareholders or agents of the Company or any of its affiliates. Nothing in this Section 5 shall prohibit disclosure (x) as may be ordered by any regulatory agency or court or as required by other lawful process, or (y) as may be necessary for the prosecution of claims relating to the performance or enforcement of this Agreement.

Section 6.Company Resources. The Employee may not use any Company equipment for personal purposes (other than incidental personal use) without written permission from the Company. The Employee may not unreasonably give access to the Companys offices or files to any person not in the employ of the Company without written permission of the Company.

Section 7.Post-Termination Period. Because of the difficulty of establishing when any idea, process or invention is first conceived or developed by the Employee, or whether it results from access to Confidential Information or the Companys equipment, facilities, and data, the Employee agrees that any idea, invention, research, plan for products or services, marketing plan, computer software (including, without limitation, source code), 

computer program, original work of authorship, character, know-how, trade secret, information, data, developments, discoveries, technology, algorithm, design, patent or copyright, or any improvement, rights, or claims relating to the foregoing, shall be presumed to be an Invention if it is conceived, developed, used, sold, exploited or reduced to practice by the Employee or with the aid of the Employee within one (1) year after termination of employment. The Employee can rebut the above presumption if he proves that the idea, process or invention (i) was first conceived or developed after termination of employment, (ii) was conceived or developed entirely on the Employees own time without using the Companys equipment, supplies, facilities, personnel or Confidential Information, and (iii) did not result from or is not derived directly or indirectly, from any work performed by the Employee for the Company or from work performed by another employee of the Company to which the Employee had access.

Section 8.Injunctive Relief. The Employee agrees that the remedy at law for any breach of the provisions of Sections 3, 4 or 5 of this Agreement shall be inadequate, the Company will suffer immediate and irreparable harm, and the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief in addition to any other remedy at law which the Company may have. 

Section 9.Severability. In the event any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, the other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

Section 10.Survival. Sections 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13 and 14 of this Agreement and Sections 3, 5 and 6 of the Addendum shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

Section 11.Representations and Warranties. The Employee represents and warrants that (i) the Employee has the full right, authority and capacity to enter into this Agreement and perform his obligations hereunder, (ii) the Employee is not under any obligation to any third party which conflicts with, prevents, restricts or otherwise could interfere with the Employees performance under this Agreement, and (iii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Employee shall not result in any breach or violation of, or a default under, any existing obligation, commitment or agreement to which the Employee is subject (including but not limited to any agreement not to disclose any proprietary information) including, without limitation, that of former employers; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Employee determines that an action which the Company requests him to pursue (other than the entry into this Agreement and the commencement of employment with the Company) would cause him to violate any such agreement, so informs the Company, and the Company instructs him to proceed with such action, the Employees proceeding with such action shall not be deemed to be a violation of this representation and warranty.

Section 12.Governing Law; Venue; Waiver of Trial by Jury. 

(a)This Agreement shall be deemed to be made in the State of Colorado, and the validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement in all respects shall be governed by the laws of the State of Colorado without regard to its principles of conflicts of law. No provision of this Agreement or any related document will be construed against or interpreted to the disadvantage of any party 

hereto by any court or other governmental or judicial authority by reason of such party having or being deemed to have structured or drafted such provision. The Employee acknowledges and agrees that the Employee was represented by counsel and has expressly agreed to the provisions in this Agreement, including without limitation this Section 12.

(b)The Employee and the Company each hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal courts located in the City and County of Denver, Colorado (or, if subject matter jurisdiction in that court is not available, in any state court located within the City and County of Denver, Colorado) over any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement. The parties undertake not to commence any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in a forum other than a forum described in this Section 12(b); provided, however, that nothing herein shall preclude a party from bringing any suit, action or proceeding in any other court for the purposes of enforcing the provisions of this Section 12(b) or enforcing any judgment obtained by the Company. The agreement of the parties to the forum described in this Section 12 is independent of the law that may be applied in any suit, action, or proceeding and the parties agree to such forum even if such forum may under applicable law choose to apply non-forum law. The parties hereby waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection which they now or hereafter have to personal jurisdiction or to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in an applicable court described in this Section 12(b), and the parties agree that they shall not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from any such court. The parties agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, a final and non-appealable judgment in any suit, action or proceeding brought in any applicable court described in this Section 12 shall be conclusive and binding upon the parties and may be enforced in any other jurisdiction. 

(c)Each party hereto hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. Each party hereto (i) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such party would not, in the event of any action, suit or proceeding, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (ii) acknowledges that it and the other party hereto has been induced to enter into this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waiver and certifications in this Section 12. Each party shall bear its own costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) incurred in connection with any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement (except to the extent that a court orders one of the parties to pay the fees, costs and expenses of the other party).

Section 13.General. This Agreement supersedes and replaces any existing agreement between the Employee and the Company relating generally to the same subject matter, and may be modified only in a writing signed by the parties hereto. Failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of any term herein. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject 

matter herein. The Employee agrees that he will not assign, transfer, or otherwise dispose of, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, or by operation of law, any rights or obligations under this Agreement. Any purported assignment, transfer, or disposition in violation of this Section 13 shall be null and void. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall prevent the consolidation of the Company with, or its merger into, any other corporation, or the sale by the Company of all or substantially all of its properties or assets, or the assignment by the Company of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors, and permitted assigns, and shall not benefit any person or entity other than those enumerated.

Section 14.Notices. Any notice, request, claim, demand, document, and other communication hereunder to any party hereto shall be effective upon receipt (or refusal of receipt) and shall be in writing and delivered personally or sent by telex, telecopy, or sent by nationally recognized overnight courier, or certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, to the following address (or at any other address as any party hereto shall have specified by notice in writing to the other party hereto):

(a)If to the Company:

Dice, Inc. 

6465 South Greenwood Plaza, Suite 400

Centennial, CO 80111 

Attention: General Counsel 

and

If to the Employee, at his most recent address on the payroll records of the Company.

Section 15.Employee Acknowledgment. The Employee acknowledges (i) that he has consulted with or has had the opportunity to consult with independent counsel of his own choice concerning this Agreement and has been advised to do so by the Company, and (ii) that he has read and understands this Agreement, is fully aware of its legal effect, and has entered into it freely based on his own judgment.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Employment Agreement effective as of the 28th day of January 2025.

DICE INC.

Sign:/s/ Art Zeile ______________________

Date:_January 29, 2025 _________________

EMPLOYEE

Sign:_/s/ Greg Schippers _____________

Date:_January 30, 2025 ________________

Solely for the purposes of Sections 1 and 2(b) of the Addendum

DHI GROUP, INC.

Sign:_/s/ Art Zeile______________________

Date:_January 29, 2025 _________________

Addendum to Employment Agreement Gregory Schippers (the Employee)

Section 1.Title and Job Description. The Employee shall be employed on a full-time basis, as the Chief Financial Officer. In such capacity, the Employee shall be responsible for such duties and any other responsibilities as are customary for such position and such duties as may reasonably assigned by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or the Board of Directors of Parent (the Board) from time to time. The Employee shall report to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 

Section 2.Compensation. 

a.In consideration of the services to be rendered hereunder: the Employee shall be paid an annual base salary of $320,000 per year (prorated for calendar year 2025)plus an annual bonus (the Annual Bonus) targeted at 50% of the Employees then-current annual base salary, determined in accordance with the terms of the Senior Bonus Plan (or any successor annual cash bonus plan applicable to the other senior executives of the Company). Any Annual Bonus compensation payable to the Employee shall be payable at the same time as annual bonuses are payable generally to the other senior executives of the Company, but in any event by March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year to which such Annual Bonus relates, subject to the condition that the Employee remain employed by the Company through the applicable payment date, and has not resigned (or given notice of such resignation), or been terminated for Cause. 

b.The Employee shall be eligible for all employee benefits under the Companys benefit plans in effect from time to time, including health, life, dental, vision, short-term disability, and 401(k) Plan, in accordance with the terms and conditions of those benefit plans. The Company maintains a flexible annual leave policy with no fixed number of days per year for paid time off. In addition to flexible annual leave, the Employee shall be entitled to Company designated holidays, and six (6) sick days per year, consistent with Company policy. Paid time off may be taken in accordance with the Companys policies and procedures, as may be amended from time to time.

c.The Employees compensation shall be reviewed on at least an annual basis, with the next such review occurring on the Companys annual compensation review date in 2026. The Employees base salary, as increased from time to time, may not be decreased without the Employees prior written consent.

d.The Company shall pay or shall reimburse the Employee for the Employees reasonable business expenses incurred by the Employee in carrying out the Employees duties under this Agreement that are documented in accordance with applicable Company policy. 

Section 3.Severance. In lieu of any severance pay or severance benefits otherwise payable to the Employee under any plan, policy, program or arrangement of the Company or its subsidiaries, the following shall apply:

a.Subject to Section 3(d), if there is a Termination (as herein defined) (but excluding by the Employee for Good Reason) other than during the Change of Control Period (as herein defined), the Employee shall be entitled to receive (i) a lump-sum severance payment equal to nine-months of his then-current annual base salary, and (ii) his Annual Bonus with respect to any completed year for which the Employee has not yet been paid, based on actual performance, paid at the time that executives are generally paid their annual bonuses for the applicable bonus year but in any event no later than March 15 of the calendar year following the last day of such completed year.

b.Subject to Section 3(d), if there is a Termination of the Employees employment with the Company during the Change of Control Period, the Employee shall be entitled to receive (i) a lump-sum severance payment equal to (A) one hundred percent (100%) of his then current annual salary plus (B) the amount of his then-current bonus target (or, if higher, the amount of any Annual Bonus paid in respect of the calendar year prior to the calendar year of termination of employment), (ii) his Annual Bonus with respect to any completed year for which the Employee has not yet been paid, based on actual performance, paid at the time that executives are generally paid their annual bonuses for the applicable bonus year but in any event no later than March 15 of the calendar year following the last day of such completed year and (iii) accelerated vesting, effective upon such Termination, with respect to 100% of his outstanding equity-based awards (if any): provided, that vesting of any performance-based awards shall be governed by and determined in accordance with the applicable governing documents.

c.Subject to Section 3(d), following a Termination, the Employee shall be reimbursed for the cost of health insurance continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (COBRA), in excess of the cost of such benefits that active employees of the Company are required to pay, for a period of twelve (12) months (or until the Employee obtains individual or family coverage through alternative coverage, if earlier) (the COBRA Period), provided that the Employee elects COBRA coverage and subject to the conditions that: (i) the Employee is responsible for promptly notifying the Company if the Employee obtains alternative insurance coverage, (ii) the Employee will be responsible for the entire COBRA premium amount after the end of the COBRA Period; (iii) if the Employee declines COBRA coverage, then the Company shall not make any alternative payment to the Employee in lieu of paying for COBRA premiums, and (iv) such COBRA reimbursement payments shall be paid on an after tax basis as additional taxable compensation to the Employee.

d.The severance pay and severance benefits described in the foregoing provisions of this Section 3 are expressly conditioned upon the Employees execution and delivery of the Companys customary general waiver and release of claims in favor of the Company and its affiliates, that has become effective and irrevocable in accordance with its terms within 60 days following the date of termination of employment. All payments (including any payments that would have been made between the date of termination of employment and the effective date of such 

release but excluding any payments in respect of equity awards) shall be made as soon as practicable but in any event within 10 days following the effective date of such release; provided that if such 60-day period spans two calendar years, in no event will any payments or benefits that constitute deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A (Section 409A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time (the Code), be paid prior to the first day of such second calendar year. Any payments in respect of the settlement of equity awards (including equity awards that vested in accordance with this Section 3) shall be made in accordance with the agreements governing such grants.

e.Upon termination of the Employees employment for any reason, this Agreement shall terminate and the Company shall not have any obligation to provide any compensation or benefits to the Employee except as specifically contemplated herein. Upon termination of the Employees employment for any reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, the Employee shall be deemed to have resigned from all positions, directorships, and memberships held with the Company or any of its affiliates, whether as an employee, officer, director, trustee, consultant, or otherwise, and such resignations shall be effective upon such termination of employment without any other action required by the Employee. The Employee hereby agrees to execute all documentation reasonably requested by the Company to effectuate the foregoing, or otherwise authorizes the officers of the Company to execute all such documentation on his/her behalf. 

f.Post-Employment Cooperation. The Employee agrees that upon reasonable notice and without any requirement that the Company obtain a subpoena or court order, the Employee shall provide reasonable cooperation in connection with any suit, action, or proceeding and any investigation or defense of any claims asserted against the Company or any of its affiliates, in either case that relates to events occurring during the Employees employment with the Company as to which the Employee may have relevant information (including but not limited to furnishing relevant information and materials to the Company or its designee or providing testimony at depositions and at trial).

Section 4.Definitions.

(a) For purposes of this Agreement only, a Change of Control of the Company shall be deemed to have occurred if at any time on or after the date of the Employment Agreement one or more of the following events shall have occurred:

(i) the direct or indirect acquisition by any person or related group of persons (other than an acquisition from or by the Company or by a Company-sponsored employee benefit plan or by a person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) of securities possessing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of the Companys outstanding securities; or

(ii) any stockholder-approved transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company's assets; or

(iii) the Company adopts any plan of liquidation providing for the distribution of all or substantially all of its assets; or

(iv) the consummation by the Company of a reorganization, merger or consolidation or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or the acquisition of assets or stock of another corporation (a Business Combination), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination, (a) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the outstanding common stock and outstanding company voting securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 60% of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination of the outstanding Company common stock and outstanding Company voting securities, as the case may be, (b) no person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such corporation resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 20% or more of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination and (c) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were members of the incumbent board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the board of directors, providing for such Business Combination; or

(v) a change in the composition of the Board over a period of thirty-six (36) months or less such that a majority of the Board members (rounded up to the next whole number) ceases, by reason of one or more contested elections for Board membership, to be comprised of individuals who are continuing directors.

(b) For purposes of this Agreement only, Cause shall mean (i) embezzlement by the Employee, (ii) misappropriation by the Employee of funds of the Company, (iii) conviction of a felony, (iv) commission of any other act of dishonesty which causes material economic harm to the Company, (v) acts of fraud or deceit by the Employee which causes material economic harm to the Company, (vi) material breach of any provision of this Agreement by the Employee, (vii) willful failure by the Employee to substantially perform such Employees duties hereunder, (viii) willful breach of fiduciary duty by the Employee to the Company involving personal profit or (ix) significant violation of Company policy of which the Employee is made aware (or such Employee should reasonably be expected to be aware) or other contractual, statutory or common law duties to the Company.

(c) For purposes of this Agreement only, termination for Good Reason shall mean termination by the Employee if (A) one of the following events occurs: (i) a material diminution in the responsibilities, title, or authority of the Employee, (ii) a material reduction in salary of the Employee, (iii) the Employee no longer reports to the Chief Executive Officer, or (iv) relocation of the Employee to a Company office more than 50 miles from the Companys principal office in Centennial, Colorado; (B) Employee notifies the Company in writing detailing and explaining the occurrence of a Good Reason event under subsection (A), Employees desired cure, Employees intention to terminate his employment due to Good Reason within 90 days of its occurrence and the date on which Employee intends to terminate his employment (which must be no later than 180 days after the occurrence of the Good Reason event); and (C) the Company fails to remove or cure the Good Reason condition within 90 days of such written notification.

(d) For purposes of this Agreement only, Change of Control Period shall mean the period commencing immediately prior to a Change of Control and ending 12 months after the consummation of such Change of Control. 

(e) For purposes of this Agreement only, Termination shall mean a termination of the Employees employment by the Company without Cause (and other than due to death or disability) or by the Employee for Good Reason. 

Section 5.Withholding Taxes. All amounts payable hereunder shall be subject to and paid net of all required withholding taxes.

Section 6.Compliance with Section 409A; 280G.

a.It is intended that the payments and benefits provided under Section 3 of this Addendum shall be exempt from or compliant with the application of the requirements of Section 409A (Section 409A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). This Addendum shall be construed, administered, and governed in a manner that effects such intent, and the Company shall not take any action that would be inconsistent with such intent. Specifically, any severance benefits payable pursuant to Section 3 above, to the extent they are required to be paid, and are actually or constructively received, during the period from the date on which the Employees employment with the Company terminates through March 15 of the calendar year following such termination, are intended to constitute separate payments for purposes of Section 409A and thus be exempt from application of Section 409A by reason of the short-term deferral rule. To the extent payments are required to be paid commencing after that date, they are intended to constitute separate payments that are exempt from the application of Section 409A by reason of the exceptions under Sections 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) or 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v) of the Treasury Regulations, as applicable, to the maximum extent permitted by those provisions. In no event whatsoever shall the Company or any of its affiliates be liable for any additional tax, interest, or penalties that may be imposed on the Employee as a result of Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Section 409A.

b.Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if the Employee is a specified employee, as determined under the Companys policy for determining 

specified employees on the date on which the Employees employment terminates, all payments or benefits provided hereunder that for any reason constitute a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A, that are provided upon a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A and that would otherwise be paid or provided during the first six months following such date of termination, shall instead be accumulated through and paid or provided (without interest) on the first business day following the six (6) month anniversary of such date of termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments delayed pursuant to this Section 6(b) shall commence within 10 calendar days following the Employees death prior to the end of the six month period. Reimbursement of any eligible expenses shall be made in accordance with the Companys policies and practices and as otherwise provided herein, provided, that, in no event shall reimbursement be made after the last day of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred. The right to reimbursement is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. The amount of expenses reimbursed in one year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent year. The amount of any in-kind benefits provided in one year shall not affect the amount of in-kind benefits provided in any other year.

c.If any amounts or benefits to be paid or provided under this Agreement or otherwise would cause payments or benefits (or other compensation) to not be fully deductible by the Company for federal income tax purposes because of Section 280G of the Code, or any successor provision thereto (or that would subject the Employee to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, or any successor provision thereto), such payments and benefits (and other compensation) will be reduced to the extent necessary such that no portion of such payments or benefits (or other compensation) will be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, or any successor provision thereto; provided, that such a reduction will be made only if, by reason of such reduction, the Employees net after-tax benefit exceeds the net after-tax benefit the Employee would realize if such reduction were not made. The determination of whether any such payments or benefits to be provided under this Agreement or otherwise would not be so deductible (or whether the Employee would be subject to such excise tax) shall be made by a firm of independent accountants or a law firm selected by the Board. If such payments are reduced pursuant to the foregoing, they will be reduced in the following order: first, by reducing any cash severance payments and then by reducing any other payments and benefits due to the Employee that constitute a parachute payment for purposes of Section 280G of the Code, with any cash payments being reduced first before any non-cash payments in inverse order from the last date of payment and all amounts that are not subject to calculation under Treas. Reg. 1.280G-1, Q&A-24(b) or (c) being reduced before any amounts that are subject to calculation under Treas. Reg. 1.280G-1, Q&A-24(b) or (c). Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent the parties agree that any of the foregoing amounts are not parachute payments, such amounts shall not be reduced.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>connollyejack-employmentag.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2 CONNOLLY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Document

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT and Addendum to Employment Agreement attached hereto and incorporated herein (collectively, this Agreement), dated as of January 28, 2025, is between Dice, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), with its principal place of business at 6465 South Greenwood Plaza, Suite 400, Centennial, CO 80111, and E. Jack Connolly, an individual, whose address is reflected in the Companys records (the Employee), and, solely for the purposes of Sections 1 and 2(b) of the Addendum, DHI Group, Inc. (Parent). The parties acknowledge and agree that, upon the execution of this Agreement by the parties hereto, this Agreement supersedes, replaces and terminates the existing employment agreement between Company and Employee dated July 9, 2018.

In consideration of the Companys securing the services of the Employee as the Companys Chief Legal Officer, and the Employees undertaking employment with the Company in such position, the Company and the Employee hereby agree to be bound by and comply with the following terms and conditions and agree as follows:

Section 1.At-Will Employment. The Employee acknowledges and agrees that his employment status is that of an employee-at-will and that the Employees employment may be terminated by the Company or the Employee at any time with or without cause, subject to the terms and conditions in the Addendum to Employment Agreement hereto. 

Section 2.Compensation. In consideration of the services to be rendered hereunder, the Employee shall be paid, and the Company shall pay the Employee, in accordance with the Addendum to Employment Agreement attached hereto.

Section 3.Employee Inventions and Ideas.

(a)The Employee will maintain current and adequate written records on the development of, and disclose to the Company, all Inventions (as defined herein). Inventions shall mean all ideas, potential marketing and sales relationships, inventions, copyrightable expression, research, plans for products or services, marketing plans, computer software (including, without limitation, source code), computer programs, original works of authorship, characters, know-how, trade secrets, information, data, developments, discoveries, improvements, modifications, technology, algorithms and designs, whether or not subject to patent or copyright protection, made, conceived, expressed, developed, or actually or constructively reduced to practice by the Employee solely or jointly with others during the term of the Employees employment with the Company, which refer to, are suggested by, or result from any work which the Employee may do during his employment, or from any information obtained from the Company or any affiliate of the Company in the course of his employment by the Company.

(b)All Inventions shall be the exclusive property of the Company, and the Employee acknowledges that all of said Inventions shall be considered as work made for hire belonging to the Company. To the extent that any such Inventions, under applicable law, may not be considered work made for hire by the Employee for the Company, the Employee hereby agrees to assign and, upon its creation, 

automatically and irrevocably assigns to the Company, without any further consideration, all right, title and interest in and to such materials, including, without limitation, any copyright, other intellectual property rights, moral rights, all contract and licensing rights, and all claims and causes of action of any kind with respect to such materials. The Company shall have the exclusive right to use the Inventions, whether original or derivative, for all purposes without additional compensation to the Employee. At the Companys expense, the Employee will assist the Company in every proper way to perfect the Companys rights in the Inventions and to protect the Inventions throughout the world, including, without limitation, executing in favor of the Company or any designee(s) of the Company patent, copyright, and other applications and assignments relating to the Inventions. The Employee agrees not to challenge the validity of the ownership by the Company or its designee(s) in the Inventions.

(c)Should the Company be unable to secure the Employees signature on any document necessary to apply for, prosecute, obtain, or enforce any patent, copyright, or other right or protection relating to any Invention, whether due to the Employees mental or physical incapacity, or any other cause, the Employee hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and each of its duly authorized officers and agents as the Employees agent and attorney in fact, to act for and in the Employees behalf and stead and to execute and file any such document, and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution, issuance, and enforcement of patents, copyrights, or other rights or protections with the same force and effect as if executed and delivered by the Employee.

(d)Notwithstanding the Employees confidentiality obligations set forth in this Agreement, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, the Employee shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (A) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. The Employee also understands that if he files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, the Employee may disclose the trade secret to his attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the Employee (A) files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and (B) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

Section 4.Proprietary Information.

(a)The Employee will not disclose or use, at any time either during or after the term of employment, any Confidential Information (as herein defined), except (i) at the request of the Company or an affiliate of the Company or (ii) as required in the performance of the Employees duties hereunder; provided, however, that if the Employee receives a request to disclose Confidential Information pursuant to a deposition, interrogation, request for information or documents in legal proceedings, subpoena, civil investigative demand, governmental or regulatory 

process or similar process, (A) the Employee shall promptly notify in writing the Company, and consult with and assist the Company in seeking a protective order or request for other appropriate remedy, (B) in the event that such protective order or remedy is not obtained, or if the Company waives compliance with the terms hereof, the Employee shall disclose only that portion of the Confidential Information which, based on the written advice of the Employees legal counsel, is legally required to be disclosed and shall exercise reasonable efforts to provide that the receiving person shall agree to treat such Confidential Information as confidential to the extent possible (and permitted under applicable law) in respect of the applicable proceeding or process and, (C) to the extent reasonably practicable, the Company shall be given an opportunity to review the Confidential Information prior to disclosure thereof. Confidential Information shall mean all Company proprietary information, technical data, trade secrets, and know-how, including, without limitation, research, product plans, customer lists, customer preferences, marketing plans and strategies, software, development, inventions, discoveries, processes, ideas, formulas, algorithms, technology, designs, drawings, business strategies and financial data and information, including, but not limited to Inventions, whether or not marked as Confidential. Confidential Information shall also mean any and all information received by the Company from customers, vendors and independent contractors of the Company or other third parties subject to a duty to be kept confidential. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not include information that is or becomes generally known by the public other than by breach of this Agreement by, or other wrongful act of, the Employee.

(b)The Employee hereby acknowledges and agrees that all personal property, including, without limitation, all books, manuals, records, reports, notes, contracts, lists, blueprints, and other documents, or materials, or copies thereof, Confidential Information as defined in Section 4(a) above, and equipment furnished to or prepared by the Employee in the course of or incident to his employment, including, without limitation, records and any other materials pertaining to Inventions, belong to the Company and shall be promptly returned to the Company upon termination of employment (or earlier at the Companys request). Following termination, the Employee will not retain any written or other tangible or electronic material containing any Confidential Information or information pertaining to any Invention.

(c)Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, nothing herein shall (i) prohibit the Employee from reporting to the staff of the SEC possible violations of any law or regulation of the SEC, (ii) prohibit the Employee from making other disclosures to the staff of the SEC that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of any federal securities laws or regulations or (iii) limit the Employees right to receive an award for information provided to the SEC staff in accordance with the foregoing. The Employee does not need the prior authorizations of the Company to engage in such reports, communications or disclosures and Employee is not required to notify the Company if Employee engages in any such reports, communications or disclosures.

Section 5.Limited Agreement Not to Compete/Solicit/Disparage.

(a)While employed by the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months after the termination of the Employees employment with the Company, the Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, as an employee, employer, consultant, agent, principal, partner, manager, stockholder, officer, director, or in any other individual or representative capacity, engage, participate or in any way render services or assistance to any business that is competitive with the business of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Employee may own less than two percent (2%) of any class of stock or security of any corporation which competes with the Company listed on a national securities exchange.

(b)While employed by the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months after the termination of the Employees employment with the Company, the Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, solicit for employment or employ any person who was employed by the Company at the time of the Employees termination from the Company.

(c)The Employee hereby agrees that prior to commencing employment with, or commencing to provide services to, any other person or entity during any period during which the Employee remains subject to any of the covenants set forth in this Section 5, the Employee shall provide such employer with written notice of such provisions of this Agreement (which may be effected by advising such prospective employer of the location of the publicly filed agreements) with a copy of such notice or advice delivered simultaneously to the Company, and the Employee authorizes the Company and any of its affiliates to do the same.

(d)The Employee hereby agrees from the date hereof and at all times following his termination of employment (i) not to participate or engage in any trade or commercial disparagement of the business or operations of the Company or any of its affiliates; and (ii) not to make any disparaging remarks or communications of any type concerning the Company or any of its affiliates or any of the officers, directors, employees, partners, members, managers, shareholders or agents of the Company or any of its affiliates. Nothing in this Section 5 shall prohibit disclosure (x) as may be ordered by any regulatory agency or court or as required by other lawful process, or (y) as may be necessary for the prosecution of claims relating to the performance or enforcement of this Agreement.

Section 6.Company Resources. The Employee may not use any Company equipment for personal purposes (other than incidental personal use) without written permission from the Company. The Employee may not unreasonably give access to the Companys offices or files to any person not in the employ of the Company without written permission of the Company.

Section 7.Post-Termination Period. Because of the difficulty of establishing when any idea, process or invention is first conceived or developed by the Employee, or whether it results from access to Confidential Information or the Companys equipment, facilities, and data, the Employee agrees that any idea, invention, research, plan for products or 

services, marketing plan, computer software (including, without limitation, source code), computer program, original work of authorship, character, know-how, trade secret, information, data, developments, discoveries, technology, algorithm, design, patent or copyright, or any improvement, rights, or claims relating to the foregoing, shall be presumed to be an Invention if it is conceived, developed, used, sold, exploited or reduced to practice by the Employee or with the aid of the Employee within one (1) year after termination of employment. The Employee can rebut the above presumption if he proves that the idea, process or invention (i) was first conceived or developed after termination of employment, (ii) was conceived or developed entirely on the Employees own time without using the Companys equipment, supplies, facilities, personnel or Confidential Information, and (iii) did not result from or is not derived directly or indirectly, from any work performed by the Employee for the Company or from work performed by another employee of the Company to which the Employee had access.

Section 8.Injunctive Relief. The Employee agrees that the remedy at law for any breach of the provisions of Sections 3, 4 or 5 of this Agreement shall be inadequate, the Company will suffer immediate and irreparable harm, and the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief in addition to any other remedy at law which the Company may have. 

Section 9.Severability. In the event any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, the other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

Section 10.Survival. Sections 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13 and 14 of this Agreement and Sections 3, 5 and 6 of the Addendum shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

Section 11.Representations and Warranties. The Employee represents and warrants that (i) the Employee has the full right, authority and capacity to enter into this Agreement and perform his obligations hereunder, (ii) the Employee is not under any obligation to any third party which conflicts with, prevents, restricts or otherwise could interfere with the Employees performance under this Agreement, and (iii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Employee shall not result in any breach or violation of, or a default under, any existing obligation, commitment or agreement to which the Employee is subject (including but not limited to any agreement not to disclose any proprietary information) including, without limitation, that of former employers; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Employee determines that an action which the Company requests him to pursue (other than the entry into this Agreement and the commencement of employment with the Company) would cause him to violate any such agreement, so informs the Company, and the Company instructs him to proceed with such action, the Employees proceeding with such action shall not be deemed to be a violation of this representation and warranty.

Section 12.Governing Law; Venue; Waiver of Trial by Jury. 

(a)This Agreement shall be deemed to be made in the State of Colorado, and the validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement in all respects shall be governed by the laws of the State of Colorado without regard to its principles of conflicts of law. No provision of this Agreement or any related 

document will be construed against or interpreted to the disadvantage of any party hereto by any court or other governmental or judicial authority by reason of such party having or being deemed to have structured or drafted such provision. The Employee acknowledges and agrees that the Employee was represented by counsel and has expressly agreed to the provisions in this Agreement, including without limitation this Section 12.

(b)The Employee and the Company each hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal courts located in the City and County of Denver, Colorado (or, if subject matter jurisdiction in that court is not available, in any state court located within the City and County of Denver, Colorado) over any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement. The parties undertake not to commence any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in a forum other than a forum described in this Section 12(b); provided, however, that nothing herein shall preclude a party from bringing any suit, action or proceeding in any other court for the purposes of enforcing the provisions of this Section 12(b) or enforcing any judgment obtained by the Company. The agreement of the parties to the forum described in this Section 12 is independent of the law that may be applied in any suit, action, or proceeding and the parties agree to such forum even if such forum may under applicable law choose to apply non-forum law. The parties hereby waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection which they now or hereafter have to personal jurisdiction or to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in an applicable court described in this Section 12(b), and the parties agree that they shall not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from any such court. The parties agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, a final and non-appealable judgment in any suit, action or proceeding brought in any applicable court described in this Section 12 shall be conclusive and binding upon the parties and may be enforced in any other jurisdiction. 

(c)Each party hereto hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. Each party hereto (i) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such party would not, in the event of any action, suit or proceeding, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (ii) acknowledges that it and the other party hereto has been induced to enter into this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waiver and certifications in this Section 12. Each party shall bear its own costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) incurred in connection with any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement (except to the extent that a court orders one of the parties to pay the fees, costs and expenses of the other party).

Section 13.General. This Agreement supersedes and replaces any existing agreement between the Employee and the Company relating generally to the same subject matter, and may be modified only in a writing signed by the parties hereto. Failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of any term herein. This 

Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter herein. The Employee agrees that he will not assign, transfer, or otherwise dispose of, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, or by operation of law, any rights or obligations under this Agreement. Any purported assignment, transfer, or disposition in violation of this Section 13 shall be null and void. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall prevent the consolidation of the Company with, or its merger into, any other corporation, or the sale by the Company of all or substantially all of its properties or assets, or the assignment by the Company of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors, and permitted assigns, and shall not benefit any person or entity other than those enumerated.

Section 14.Notices. Any notice, request, claim, demand, document, and other communication hereunder to any party hereto shall be effective upon receipt (or refusal of receipt) and shall be in writing and delivered personally or sent by telex, telecopy, or sent by nationally recognized overnight courier, or certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, to the following address (or at any other address as any party hereto shall have specified by notice in writing to the other party hereto):

(a)If to the Company:

Dice, Inc. 

6465 South Greenwood Plaza, Suite 400

Centennial, CO 80111

Attention: Chief Executive Officer 

and

If to the Employee, at his most recent address on the payroll records of the Company.

Section 15.Employee Acknowledgment. The Employee acknowledges (i) that he has consulted with or has had the opportunity to consult with independent counsel of his own choice concerning this Agreement and has been advised to do so by the Company, and (ii) that he has read and understands this Agreement, is fully aware of its legal effect, and has entered into it freely based on his own judgment.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Employment Agreement effective as of the 28th day of January 2025.

DICE INC.

Sign:__/s/ Art Zeile ____________________

Date:__January 29, 2025 ________________

EMPLOYEE

Sign:_/s/ Edward J. Connolly ______________

Date:__January 29, 2025________________

Solely for the purposes of Sections 1 and 2(b) of the Addendum

DHI GROUP, INC.

Sign:__/s/ Art Zeile ____________

Date:__January 29, 2024 ________________

Addendum to Employment Agreement E. Jack Connolly (the Employee)

Section 1.Title and Job Description. The Employee shall be employed on a full-time basis, as the Chief Legal Officer. In such capacity, the Employee shall be responsible for such duties and any other responsibilities as are customary for such position and such duties as may reasonably assigned by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or the Board of Directors of Parent (the Board) from time to time. The Employee shall report to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 

Section 2.Compensation. 

a.In consideration of the services to be rendered hereunder: the Employee shall be paid an annual base salary of $300,000 per year (prorated for calendar year 2025)plus an annual bonus (the Annual Bonus) targeted at 40% of the Employees then-current annual base salary, determined in accordance with the terms of the Senior Bonus Plan (or any successor annual cash bonus plan applicable to the other senior executives of the Company). Any Annual Bonus compensation payable to the Employee shall be payable at the same time as annual bonuses are payable generally to the other senior executives of the Company, but in any event by March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year to which such Annual Bonus relates, subject to the condition that the Employee remain employed by the Company through the applicable payment date, and has not resigned (or given notice of such resignation), or been terminated for Cause. 

b.The Employee shall be eligible for all employee benefits under the Companys benefit plans in effect from time to time, including health, life, dental, vision, short-term disability, and 401(k) Plan, in accordance with the terms and conditions of those benefit plans. The Company maintains a flexible annual leave policy with no fixed number of days per year for paid time off. In addition to flexible annual leave, the Employee shall be entitled to Company designated holidays, and six (6) sick days per year, consistent with Company policy. Paid time off may be taken in accordance with the Companys policies and procedures, as may be amended from time to time.

c.The Employees compensation shall be reviewed on at least an annual basis, with the next such review occurring on the Companys annual compensation review date in 2026. The Employees base salary, as increased from time to time, may not be decreased without the Employees prior written consent.

d.The Company shall pay or shall reimburse the Employee for the Employees reasonable business expenses incurred by the Employee in carrying out the Employees duties under this Agreement that are documented in accordance with applicable Company policy. 

Section 3.Severance. In lieu of any severance pay or severance benefits otherwise payable to the Employee under any plan, policy, program or arrangement of the Company or its subsidiaries, the following shall apply:

a.Subject to Section 3(d), if there is a Termination (as herein defined) (but excluding by the Employee for Good Reason) other than during the Change of Control Period (as herein defined), the Employee shall be entitled to receive (i) a lump-sum severance payment equal to nine-months of his then-current annual base salary, and (ii) his Annual Bonus with respect to any completed year for which the Employee has not yet been paid, based on actual performance, paid at the time that executives are generally paid their annual bonuses for the applicable bonus year but in any event no later than March 15 of the calendar year following the last day of such completed year.

b.Subject to Section 3(d), if there is a Termination of the Employees employment with the Company during the Change of Control Period, the Employee shall be entitled to receive (i) a lump-sum severance payment equal to (A) one hundred percent (100%) of his then current annual salary plus (B) the amount of his then-current bonus target (or, if higher, the amount of any Annual Bonus paid in respect of the calendar year prior to the calendar year of termination of employment), (ii) his Annual Bonus with respect to any completed year for which the Employee has not yet been paid, based on actual performance, paid at the time that executives are generally paid their annual bonuses for the applicable bonus year but in any event no later than March 15 of the calendar year following the last day of such completed year and (iii) accelerated vesting, effective upon such Termination, with respect to 100% of his outstanding equity-based awards (if any): provided, that vesting of any performance-based awards shall be governed by and determined in accordance with the applicable governing documents.

c.Subject to Section 3(d), following a Termination, the Employee shall be reimbursed for the cost of health insurance continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (COBRA), in excess of the cost of such benefits that active employees of the Company are required to pay, for a period of twelve (12) months (or until the Employee obtains individual or family coverage through alternative coverage, if earlier) (the COBRA Period), provided that the Employee elects COBRA coverage and subject to the conditions that: (i) the Employee is responsible for promptly notifying the Company if the Employee obtains alternative insurance coverage, (ii) the Employee will be responsible for the entire COBRA premium amount after the end of the COBRA Period; (iii) if the Employee declines COBRA coverage, then the Company shall not make any alternative payment to the Employee in lieu of paying for COBRA premiums, and (iv) such COBRA reimbursement payments shall be paid on an after tax basis as additional taxable compensation to the Employee.

d.The severance pay and severance benefits described in the foregoing provisions of this Section 3 are expressly conditioned upon the Employees execution and delivery of the Companys customary general waiver and release of claims in favor of the Company and its affiliates, that has become effective and irrevocable in accordance with its terms within 60 days following the date of termination of employment. All payments (including any payments that would have been made between the date of termination of employment and the effective date of such 

release but excluding any payments in respect of equity awards) shall be made as soon as practicable but in any event within 10 days following the effective date of such release; provided that if such 60-day period spans two calendar years, in no event will any payments or benefits that constitute deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A (Section 409A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time (the Code), be paid prior to the first day of such second calendar year. Any payments in respect of the settlement of equity awards (including equity awards that vested in accordance with this Section 3) shall be made in accordance with the agreements governing such grants.

e.Upon termination of the Employees employment for any reason, this Agreement shall terminate and the Company shall not have any obligation to provide any compensation or benefits to the Employee except as specifically contemplated herein. Upon termination of the Employees employment for any reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, the Employee shall be deemed to have resigned from all positions, directorships, and memberships held with the Company or any of its affiliates, whether as an employee, officer, director, trustee, consultant, or otherwise, and such resignations shall be effective upon such termination of employment without any other action required by the Employee. The Employee hereby agrees to execute all documentation reasonably requested by the Company to effectuate the foregoing, or otherwise authorizes the officers of the Company to execute all such documentation on his/her behalf. 

f.Post-Employment Cooperation. The Employee agrees that upon reasonable notice and without any requirement that the Company obtain a subpoena or court order, the Employee shall provide reasonable cooperation in connection with any suit, action, or proceeding and any investigation or defense of any claims asserted against the Company or any of its affiliates, in either case that relates to events occurring during the Employees employment with the Company as to which the Employee may have relevant information (including but not limited to furnishing relevant information and materials to the Company or its designee or providing testimony at depositions and at trial).

Section 4.Definitions.

(a) For purposes of this Agreement only, a Change of Control of the Company shall be deemed to have occurred if at any time on or after the date of the Employment Agreement one or more of the following events shall have occurred:

(i) the direct or indirect acquisition by any person or related group of persons (other than an acquisition from or by the Company or by a Company-sponsored employee benefit plan or by a person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) of securities possessing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of the Companys outstanding securities; or

(ii) any stockholder-approved transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company's assets; or

(iii) the Company adopts any plan of liquidation providing for the distribution of all or substantially all of its assets; or

(iv) the consummation by the Company of a reorganization, merger or consolidation or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or the acquisition of assets or stock of another corporation (a Business Combination), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination, (a) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the outstanding common stock and outstanding company voting securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 60% of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination of the outstanding Company common stock and outstanding Company voting securities, as the case may be, (b) no person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such corporation resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 20% or more of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination and (c) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were members of the incumbent board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the board of directors, providing for such Business Combination; or

(v) a change in the composition of the Board over a period of thirty-six (36) months or less such that a majority of the Board members (rounded up to the next whole number) ceases, by reason of one or more contested elections for Board membership, to be comprised of individuals who are continuing directors.

(b) For purposes of this Agreement only, Cause shall mean (i) embezzlement by the Employee, (ii) misappropriation by the Employee of funds of the Company, (iii) conviction of a felony, (iv) commission of any other act of dishonesty which causes material economic harm to the Company, (v) acts of fraud or deceit by the Employee which causes material economic harm to the Company, (vi) material breach of any provision of this Agreement by the Employee, (vii) willful failure by the Employee to substantially perform such Employees duties hereunder, (viii) willful breach of fiduciary duty by the Employee to the Company involving personal profit or (ix) significant violation of Company policy of which the Employee is made aware (or such Employee should reasonably be expected to be aware) or other contractual, statutory or common law duties to the Company.

(c) For purposes of this Agreement only, termination for Good Reason shall mean termination by the Employee if (A) one of the following events occurs: (i) a material diminution in the responsibilities, title, or authority of the Employee, (ii) a material reduction in salary of the Employee, (iii) the Employee no longer reports to the Chief Executive Officer, or (iv) relocation of the Employee to a Company office more than 50 miles from the Companys principal office in Centennial, Colorado; (B) Employee notifies the Company in writing detailing and explaining the occurrence of a Good Reason event under subsection (A), Employees desired cure, Employees intention to terminate his employment due to Good Reason within 90 days of its occurrence and the date on which Employee intends to terminate his employment (which must be no later than 180 days after the occurrence of the Good Reason event); and (C) the Company fails to remove or cure the Good Reason condition within 90 days of such written notification.

(d) For purposes of this Agreement only, Change of Control Period shall mean the period commencing immediately prior to a Change of Control and ending 12 months after the consummation of such Change of Control. 

(e) For purposes of this Agreement only, Termination shall mean a termination of the Employees employment by the Company without Cause (and other than due to death or disability) or by the Employee for Good Reason. 

Section 5.Withholding Taxes. All amounts payable hereunder shall be subject to and paid net of all required withholding taxes.

Section 6.Compliance with Section 409A; 280G.

a.It is intended that the payments and benefits provided under Section 3 of this Addendum shall be exempt from or compliant with the application of the requirements of Section 409A (Section 409A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). This Addendum shall be construed, administered, and governed in a manner that effects such intent, and the Company shall not take any action that would be inconsistent with such intent. Specifically, any severance benefits payable pursuant to Section 3 above, to the extent they are required to be paid, and are actually or constructively received, during the period from the date on which the Employees employment with the Company terminates through March 15 of the calendar year following such termination, are intended to constitute separate payments for purposes of Section 409A and thus be exempt from application of Section 409A by reason of the short-term deferral rule. To the extent payments are required to be paid commencing after that date, they are intended to constitute separate payments that are exempt from the application of Section 409A by reason of the exceptions under Sections 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) or 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v) of the Treasury Regulations, as applicable, to the maximum extent permitted by those provisions. In no event whatsoever shall the Company or any of its affiliates be liable for any additional tax, interest, or penalties that may be imposed on the Employee as a result of Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Section 409A.

b.Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if the Employee is a specified employee, as determined under the Companys policy for determining 

specified employees on the date on which the Employees employment terminates, all payments or benefits provided hereunder that for any reason constitute a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A, that are provided upon a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A and that would otherwise be paid or provided during the first six months following such date of termination, shall instead be accumulated through and paid or provided (without interest) on the first business day following the six (6) month anniversary of such date of termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments delayed pursuant to this Section 6(b) shall commence within 10 calendar days following the Employees death prior to the end of the six month period. Reimbursement of any eligible expenses shall be made in accordance with the Companys policies and practices and as otherwise provided herein, provided, that, in no event shall reimbursement be made after the last day of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred. The right to reimbursement is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. The amount of expenses reimbursed in one year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent year. The amount of any in-kind benefits provided in one year shall not affect the amount of in-kind benefits provided in any other year.

c.If any amounts or benefits to be paid or provided under this Agreement or otherwise would cause payments or benefits (or other compensation) to not be fully deductible by the Company for federal income tax purposes because of Section 280G of the Code, or any successor provision thereto (or that would subject the Employee to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, or any successor provision thereto), such payments and benefits (and other compensation) will be reduced to the extent necessary such that no portion of such payments or benefits (or other compensation) will be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, or any successor provision thereto; provided, that such a reduction will be made only if, by reason of such reduction, the Employees net after-tax benefit exceeds the net after-tax benefit the Employee would realize if such reduction were not made. The determination of whether any such payments or benefits to be provided under this Agreement or otherwise would not be so deductible (or whether the Employee would be subject to such excise tax) shall be made by a firm of independent accountants or a law firm selected by the Board. If such payments are reduced pursuant to the foregoing, they will be reduced in the following order: first, by reducing any cash severance payments and then by reducing any other payments and benefits due to the Employee that constitute a parachute payment for purposes of Section 280G of the Code, with any cash payments being reduced first before any non-cash payments in inverse order from the last date of payment and all amounts that are not subject to calculation under Treas. Reg. 1.280G-1, Q&A-24(b) or (c) being reduced before any amounts that are subject to calculation under Treas. Reg. 1.280G-1, Q&A-24(b) or (c). Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent the parties agree that any of the foregoing amounts are not parachute payments, such amounts shall not be reduced.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cfoannouncement.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1 CFO ANNOUNCEMENT
<TEXT>
Document

DHI Group, Inc. Appoints Greg Schippers as Chief Financial Officer and Jack Connolly as Chief Legal Officer

CENTENNIAL, Colo, January 30, 2025 -- DHI Group, Inc. (NYSE: DHX) ("DHI" or the "Company") today announced its board of directors has approved the appointments of Greg Schippers as Chief Financial Officer and Jack Connolly as Chief Legal Officer. 

Mr. Schippers has been serving as Interim Chief Financial Officer since November 2024. He has overall responsibility for the financial organization including financial planning, accounting, financial reporting, investor relations, treasury, internal audit and tax. Mr. Schippers joined DHI in 2014 as Vice President of Finance and Controller, taking on increasing responsibility during his tenure.

Mr. Connolly has previously served as General Counsel since May 2023, joining DHI in July 2018 as in-house corporate attorney. Hes responsible for managing all legal affairs, including intellectual property, mergers and acquisitions, strategic alliances, corporate securities, litigation and employment law, and data privacy, as well as supervising outside counsel.

Greg's sharp analytical skills, attention to detail, and commitment to transparency make him an excellent choice for the position of Chief Financial Officer and DHI has benefited from his exceptional financial expertise over the last 10 years, said Art Zeile, Chief Executive Officer. Jack has been a strategic business partner to me during his tenure. He applies his unique blend of legal expertise, strategic vision and leadership, ensuring legal considerations are embedded in key decisions and long-term strategy. I am confident in both Gregs and Jacks abilities and look forward to their continued success in these roles.

Effective January 28, 2025, with these appointments, Mr. Schippers and Mr. Connolly become subject to Section 16a of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

About DHI Group, Inc.

DHI Group, Inc (NYSE: DHX) is a provider of AI-powered career marketplaces that focus on technology roles. DHI's two brands, Dice and ClearanceJobs, enable recruiters and hiring managers to efficiently search for and connect with highly skilled technology professionals based on the skills requested. The Company's patented algorithm manages over 100,000 unique technology skills. Additionally, our marketplaces allow tech professionals to find their ideal next career opportunity, with relevant advice and personalized insights. Learn more at www.dhigroupinc.com.

Investor Contact 

Todd Kehrli or Jim Byers 

PondelWiklinson, Inc. 

212-448-4181 

ir@dhigroupinc.com

Media Contact

Rachel Ceccarelli 

VP Engagement 

212-448-8288 

media@dhigroupinc.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>dhx-20250128.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dhx-20250128_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Cover [Abstract] 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 
Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 
Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dhx-20250128_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>imagea.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 28, 2025

Entity Registrant Name DHI Group, Inc.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-33584

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-3179218

Entity Address, State or Province CO

Entity Address, Address Line One 6465 South Greenwood Plaza

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 80111

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 400

Entity Address, City or Town Centennial

City Area Code (212)

Local Phone Number 448-6605

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol DHX

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001393883

Document Fiscal Year Focus 2025

Document Fiscal Period Focus Q1

Amendment Flag false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Fiscal period values are FY, Q1, Q2, and Q3. 1st, 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1, Q2, and Q3 respectively, with 10-K, 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fiscalPeriodItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gYearItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
25 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.diceholdingsinc.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

dhx-20250128.htm 
dhx-20250128.xsd 
dhx-20250128_lab.xml 
dhx-20250128_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001393883-25-000027-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>dhx-20250128_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001393883 

2025-01-28 
2025-01-28 

0001393883 
8-K 
2025 
Q1 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-28 
DHI Group, Inc. 
DE 
001-33584 
20-3179218 
6465 South Greenwood Plaza 
Suite 400 
Centennial 
CO 
80111 
(212) 
448-6605 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
DHX 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>