<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-048492.txt : 20250306
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-048492.hdr.sgml : 20250306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250306165830
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-048492
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250306
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PayPal Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001633917
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				472989869
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36859
		FILM NUMBER:		25716120

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2211 NORTH FIRST STREET
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95131
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(408) 967-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2211 NORTH FIRST STREET
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95131
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d924683d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000163391700016339172025-03-062025-03-06

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 6, 2025

PayPal Holdings, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-36859 47-2989869

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

2211 North First Street

San Jose, CA95131

(Address of principal executive offices)

(408)967-7000

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock, $0.0001 par value per share PYPL NASDAQ Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. 

Other Events 

Notes Offering 

On March 6, 2025, PayPal Holdings, Inc. (the Company) issued and sold $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes, consisting of $450,000,000 aggregate principal amount of floating rate notes due 2028 (the Floating Rate Notes), $450,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.450% notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes) and $600,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.100% notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes and, together with the Floating Rate Notes and the 2028 Notes, the Notes). 

The Notes are being issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of September 26, 2019 (the Base Indenture), between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, together with the officers certificate, dated March 6, 2025 (the Officers Certificate and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), issued pursuant to the Indenture establishing the terms of each series of Notes. 

The Notes are being issued pursuant to the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 5, 2025 (Registration Statement No. 333-284693) (the Registration Statement). 

The Floating Rate Notes will mature on March 6, 2028, the 2028 Notes will mature on March 6, 2028 and the 2035 Notes will mature on April 1, 2035, unless, with respect to the 2028 Notes and the 2035 Notes, earlier redeemed or repurchased. Interest on the Floating Rate Notes is payable on March 6, June 6, September 6 and December 6 of each year, beginning on June 6, 2025. Interest on the 2028 Notes is payable on March 6 and September 6 of each year, beginning on September 6, 2025. Interest on the 2035 Notes is payable on April 1 and October 1 of each year, beginning on October 1, 2025. 

The Floating Rate Notes may not be redeemed prior to maturity. The Company may redeem the 2028 Notes and the 2035 Notes, respectively, for cash in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, prior to maturity, at redemption prices that include accrued and unpaid interest, if any, and a make-whole premium. However, no make-whole premium will be paid for redemptions of the 2028 Notes on or after February 6, 2028 or for redemptions of the 2035 Notes on or after January 1, 2035. The Indenture includes covenants (1) limiting the Companys and its restricted subsidiaries ability to create liens on certain properties and capital stock and indebtedness of these restricted subsidiaries and enter into sale and leaseback transactions with respect to certain properties and (2) limiting the Companys ability to consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of its assets, in each case subject to a number of important exceptions as specified in the Indenture. The Indenture also contains customary event of default provisions. In the event of the occurrence of both (1) a change of control of the Company and (2) a downgrade of a series of Notes below an investment grade rating by each of Fitch Inc., Standard & Poors Ratings Services and Moodys Investors Service, Inc. within a specified period, the Company will be required to offer to repurchase any outstanding Notes of that series at a price in cash equal to 101% of the then outstanding principal amount of such series of Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of such repurchase. The Notes are the Companys unsecured senior obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of the Companys existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. The Notes will be structurally subordinated to the liabilities of our subsidiaries and will be effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. 

The above description of the Indenture and the Notes does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Indenture and the Officers Certificate (including the forms of Notes included therein), attached as Exhibits 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4 and 4.5 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits 

(d) 

Exhibits 

Exhibit

Number Exhibit Title or Description

4.1 Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2019, between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to PayPal Holdings, Inc.s Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on September 26, 2019) 

4.2 Officers Certificate pursuant to the Indenture, dated as of March 6, 2025 

4.3 Form of Note for Floating Rate Notes due 2028 (included as part of Exhibit 4.2 hereto) 

4.4 Form of Note for 4.450% Notes due 2028 (included as part of Exhibit 4.2 hereto) 

4.5 Form of Note for 5.100% Notes due 2035 (included as part of Exhibit 4.2 hereto) 

5.1 Opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP 

23.1 Consent of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP (included as part of Exhibit 5.1 hereto) 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE(S) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

PayPal Holdings, Inc.

(Registrant)

Date: March 6, 2025 By: 

/s/ Brian Y. Yamasaki

Name: Brian Y. Yamasaki

Title: Vice President, Corporate Legal and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d924683dex42.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.2
<TEXT>
EX-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 

PayPal Holdings, Inc. 

OFFICERS CERTIFICATE 

March 6, 2025 

The undersigned, PayPal Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby certifies through Can Balcioglu, its
Vice President, Treasurer, pursuant to Sections 2.1, 2.3 and 11.5 of the Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2019 (the Indenture), by and between the Company, as Issuer, and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, as follows: 

1. The form and terms of the Floating Rate Notes due 2028 (the
Floating Rate Notes) are set forth on Annex A attached hereto, 4.450% Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes) are set forth on Annex B attached hereto, and the form and terms of the 5.100% Notes due 2035 (the 2035
Notes and, together with the Floating Rate Notes and the 2028 Notes, the Notes) are set forth on Annex C attached hereto. The form and terms of the Floating Rate Notes, the 2028 Notes and the 2035 Notes have been established
pursuant to Sections 2.1 and 2.3 of the Indenture and comply with the Indenture. 

2. The undersigned has read the Indenture. 

3. The statements made in this certificate are based upon an examination of the Notes to be governed by the Indenture, upon an
examination of and familiarity with the Indenture, upon the undersigneds general knowledge of and familiarity with the operations of the Company and upon the performance of the undersigneds duties as an officer of the Company. 

4. In the opinion of the undersigned, he has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him to express an informed
opinion as to whether or not the conditions precedent provided for in the Indenture relating to the issuance and authentication of each series of Notes have been complied with. 

5. In the opinion of the undersigned, with respect to the foregoing, the conditions precedent provided for in the Indenture relating to
the issuance and authentication of each series of Notes have been complied with. 

6. This certificate (and to any document executed
under the Indenture) shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party only when executed and delivered by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) any electronic signature permitted by the federal Electronic
Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (e.g., www.docusign.com), state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including relevant provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code
(collectively, Signature Law); (ii) an original manual signature; or (iii) a faxed, scanned or photocopied manual signature. Each electronic signature or faxed, scanned or photocopied manual signature shall for all purposes have the
same validity, legal effect and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned or photocopied manual
signature, or other electronic signature, of any party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. This certificate may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed to be an original, but such counterparts shall, together, constitute one and the same instrument. For avoidance of doubt, original manual signatures shall be used for execution or indorsement of writings when required under any Signature Law
due to the character or intended character of the writings. 

Capitalized terms used herein without definition have the meanings assigned to them in the
Indenture. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this certificate to be executed by its duly authorized
officer as of the date first written above. 

PAYPAL HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Can Balcioglu

Name: Can Balcioglu

Title: Vice President, Treasurer

[Signature Page to Officers Certificate under the Indenture] 

ANNEX A 

Pursuant to Section 2.3 of the Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2019 (the Indenture), between PayPal Holdings, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), the terms of a series of Securities to be issued pursuant to the
Indenture are as follows: 

1. 

Designation. The designation of the securities is Floating Rate Notes due 2028 (the
Floating Rate Notes). 

2. 

Initial Aggregate Principal Amount. The Floating Rate Notes shall be limited in initial aggregate
principal amount to $450,000,000 (except for Floating Rate Notes authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer or exchange in accordance with the Indenture or this Annex A (this Annex)). 

3. 

Currency Denomination. The Floating Rate Notes shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars.

4. 

Maturity. The date on which the principal of the Floating Rate Notes is payable is March 6, 2028.

5. 

Rate of Interest; Interest Payment Date. Each Floating Rate Note shall bear interest at a floating rate
equal to Compounded SOFR (as initially determined on June 4, 2025), reset quarterly, plus 0.670% per annum, accruing from March 6, 2025. Thereafter, the interest rate for any Interest Period will be Compounded SOFR, as determined on the
applicable Interest Payment Determination Date, reset quarterly, plus 0.670% per annum. Such interest shall be payable quarterly in arrears on each March 6, June 6, September 6 and December 6 of each year (each, a Floating
Rate Interest Payment Date), commencing on June 6, 2025, and at maturity, to the Persons in whose names the Floating Rate Notes are registered at the close of business on February 21, May 21, August 21 or November 21,
as the case may be, immediately preceding the Floating Rate Interest Payment Date, respectively (whether or not such record date is a Business Day); provided, however, that interest payable at maturity of the Floating Rate Notes shall be
payable to the persons to whom principal shall be payable, subject to DTCs applicable procedures. Interest on the Floating Rate Notes will accrue from, and including, the most recent Floating Rate Interest Payment Date or, if no interest has
been paid, from the settlement date of the Floating Rate Notes. The interest period applicable to the Floating Rate Notes will be the period commencing on the applicable Floating Rate Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of the initial
interest period, commencing on March 6, 2025) to, but excluding, the next succeeding Floating Rate Interest Payment Date, and in the case of the last such interest period, from, and including, the Floating Rate Interest Payment Date immediately
preceding the maturity date for the Floating Rate Notes to, but excluding, such maturity date. The initial interest period applicable to the Floating Rate Notes is from, and including, March 6, 2025 to, but excluding, June 6, 2025.
Interest on the floating rate notes will be computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed over a 360-day year. The interest on the Floating Rate Notes will be reset on the first day of each
interest period other than the initial interest period (each, an Interest Reset Date), subject to adjustment if any such date is not a Business Day. If any Interest Reset

A-1 

Date for the Floating Rate Notes would otherwise be a day that is not a Business Day with respect to the Floating Rate Notes, such Interest Reset Date will be the next succeeding day that is a
Business Day with respect to the Floating Rate Notes, except that if the Business Day is in the next succeeding calendar month, the Interest Reset Date will be the immediately preceding day that is a Business Day with respect to the Floating Rate
Notes. If any Floating Rate Interest Payment Date (other than an interest payment date occurring on the maturity date) falls on a day that is not a Business Day with respect to the Floating Rate Notes, such interest payment date will be the
following day that is a Business Day with respect to the Floating Rate Notes, except that, if the Business Day is in the next succeeding calendar month, the Floating Rate Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding day that is a
Business Day with respect to the Floating Rate Notes (in each case, resulting in a corresponding adjustment to the number of days in the applicable interest period). If the maturity of the Floating Rate Notes falls on a day that is not a Business
Day with respect to the Floating Rate Notes, the payment of principal and interest may be made on the next succeeding Business Day with respect to the Floating Rate Notes, and no interest on that payment shall accrue for the period from, and after,
such maturity. The amount of interest accrued and payable on the Floating Rate Notes for each interest period will be equal to the product of (i) the outstanding principal amount of the Floating Rate Notes multiplied by (ii) the product of
(a) the interest rate for the relevant interest period multiplied by (b) the quotient of the actual number of calendar days in such interest period divided by 360. 

6. 

Place of Payment. Principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Floating Rate Notes shall be
payable, and the transfer of the Floating Rate Notes shall be registrable, at the office or agency of the Issuer to be maintained for such purpose in the contiguous United States of America, which shall initially be the Corporate Trust Office,
except that, at the option of the Issuer, interest may be paid by sending a check to the address of the Person entitled thereto as it appears on the Floating Rate Notes register; provided, however, that while any Floating Rate Notes are
represented by a Registered Global Security, payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on the Floating Rate Notes may be made by wire transfer to the account of the Depositary or its nominee in accordance with the Applicable Procedures.

7. 

Optional Redemption. The Floating Rate Notes may not be redeemed prior to maturity.

8. 

Change of Control Repurchase Event. If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs, the Issuer will be
required to make an offer to each Holder of Floating Rate Notes to repurchase all or any part (in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 above that amount) of such Holders Floating Rate Notes at a repurchase price in
cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of Floating Rate Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Floating Rate Notes repurchased to, but not including, the date of such repurchase. Within 30 days following
any Change of Control Repurchase Event or, at the Issuers option, prior to any Change of Control, but after the public announcement of an impending Change of Control, the Issuer will send a notice to each Holder, with a copy to the Trustee,
describing the transaction or 

A-2 

transactions that constitute or may constitute the Change of Control Repurchase Event and offering to repurchase Floating Rate Notes on the payment date specified in the notice, which date will
be no earlier than 10 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is sent (the Change of Control Payment Date). The notice shall, if sent prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the offer to
purchase is conditioned on the Change of Control Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the payment date specified in the notice. 

The Issuer will comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act, and any other
securities laws and regulations thereunder, to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Floating Rate Notes as a result of a Change of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent that the provisions
of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Floating Rate Notes, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its
obligations under the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Floating Rate Notes by virtue of such conflict. 

On the Change
of Control Payment Date, the Issuer will be required, to the extent lawful, to: 

(a) 

accept for payment all Floating Rate Notes or portions of Floating Rate Notes (in minimum denominations of
$2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 above that amount) properly tendered pursuant to the Issuers offer; 

(b) 

deposit with the paying agent, no later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, an amount equal to the aggregate
purchase price in respect of all Floating Rate Notes or portions of Floating Rate Notes properly tendered; and 

(c) 

deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee for cancellation the Floating Rate Notes properly accepted,
together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Floating Rate Notes being repurchased by the Issuer. 

The paying agent will promptly mail (or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes held in book-entry form, transmit electronically) to each Holder
of Floating Rate Notes properly tendered the repurchase price for such Floating Rate Notes, and the Trustee will promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder a new Floating Rate Note equal in principal
amount to any unrepurchased portion of any Floating Rate Notes surrendered; provided, that each new Floating Rate Note will be in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 above that amount. 

The Issuer will not be required to make an offer to repurchase the Floating Rate Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event if a third
party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Issuer pursuant to this Section 8 and the 

A-3 

third party repurchases all Floating Rate Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made
by the Issuer pursuant to this Section 8. In addition, the Issuer will not be required to, and the Issuer will not, make an offer to repurchase any Floating Rate Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event if there has occurred and is
continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an Event of Default with respect to the Floating Rate Notes. 

If Holders of not less than
90% in aggregate principal amount of the Floating Rate Notes then outstanding validly tender and do not withdraw such Floating Rate Notes in an offer to repurchase the Floating Rate Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event and the Issuer, or
any third party making such an offer in lieu of the Issuer as described above, purchases all of such Floating Rate Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Issuer or such third party will have the right, upon not less than
10 days nor more than 60 days prior notice (provided, that such notice is given not more than 60 days following such repurchase pursuant to the offer to repurchase the notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event described above)
to redeem all Floating Rate Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase on a date specified in such notice (the Second Change of Control Payment Date) and at a price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of
the Floating Rate Notes repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Floating Rate Notes repurchased to, but excluding, the Second Change of Control Payment Date. 

Below Investment Grade Rating Event means the Floating Rate Notes are rated below an Investment Grade Rating by each of the Rating
Agencies on any date from the date of the public notice of an arrangement that could result in a Change of Control until the end of the 60-day period following public notice of the occurrence of the Change of
Control (which 60-day period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Floating Rate Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies). 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or
other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any person (as
that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries; (2) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that
any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the then outstanding number of shares or voting power of the Issuers Voting
Equity Interests; (3) the adoption of a plan by the Issuers board of directors relating to the Issuers liquidation or dissolution; or (4) the Issuer consolidates with, or merges with or into, any Person, or any Person
consolidates with, or merges with or into, the Issuer, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the Issuers outstanding Voting Equity Interests or the outstanding Voting Equity Interests of such other Person is converted
into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any such 

A-4 

transaction where the shares of the Issuers Voting Equity Interests outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the
Voting Equity Interests of the surviving Person or parent entity thereof immediately after giving effect to such transaction. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed to result in a Change of Control if (a) the Issuer becomes a wholly-owned
Subsidiary of another Person and (b) immediately following that transaction, a majority of Voting Equity Interests of such Person is held by the direct or indirect holders of the Issuers Voting Equity Interests immediately prior to such
transaction and in substantially the same proportions as immediately prior to such transaction. 

Change of Control Repurchase
Event means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event. 

Fitch means Fitch
Inc., a subsidiary of Fimalac, S.A. 

Investment Grade Rating means a rating equal to or higher than BBB- (or the equivalent) by Fitch, BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P and Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moodys. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., a subsidiary of Moodys Corporation, and its successors. 

Rating Agencies means (1) each of Fitch, S&P and Moodys; and (2) if any of Fitch, S&P or Moodys
ceases to rate the Floating Rate Notes or fails to make a rating of the Floating Rate Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Issuers control, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning
of Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act, selected by the Issuer as a replacement agency for Fitch, S&P or Moodys, or some or all of them, as the case may be. 

S&P means Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw- Hill Companies, Inc. 

9. 

Mandatory Redemption. Other than with respect to a Change of Control Repurchase Event as described
above, the Floating Rate Notes are not mandatorily redeemable. The Floating Rate Notes are not entitled to the benefit of a sinking fund or any analogous provisions. 

10. 

Denominations. The Floating Rate Notes shall be issued initially in minimum denominations of $2,000 and
shall be issued in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

11. 

Amount Payable Upon Acceleration. The principal of the Floating Rate Notes shall be payable upon
declaration of acceleration pursuant to Section 5.1 of the Indenture. The Floating Rate Notes shall not be Original Issue Discount Securities within the meaning of the Indenture. 

A-5 

12. 

Payment Currency. Principal and interest on the Floating Rate Notes, including payments made upon any
redemption of the Floating Rate Notes, shall be payable in U.S. Dollars. 

13. 

Payment Currency Election. The principal of and interest on the Floating Rate Notes shall not be
payable in a currency other than U.S. Dollars. 

14. 

Payment Currency Index. The principal of and interest on the Floating Rate Notes shall not be
determined with reference to an index based on a coin or currency. 

15. 

Registered Securities. The Floating Rate Notes shall be issued only as Registered Securities. The
Floating Rate Notes shall initially be issuable as Registered Global Securities, subject to Section 2.8 of the Indenture. 

16. 

Additional Amounts. The Issuer shall not pay additional amounts on the Floating Rate Notes held by a
Person that is not a U.S. Person in respect of taxes or similar charges withheld or deducted. 

17. 

Definitive Certificates. Section 2.8 of the Indenture will govern the transferability of the
Floating Rate Notes in definitive form. 

18. 

Registrar; Paying Agent; Calculation Agent; Depositary. The Trustee shall initially serve as the
registrar, paying agent and calculation agent for the Floating Rate Notes. The Depository Trust Company shall initially serve as the Depositary for the Registered Global Security representing the Floating Rate Notes. 

19. 

Events of Default. In addition to the Events of Default set forth in Section 5.1 of the Indenture,
the failure by the Issuer to repurchase Floating Rate Notes tendered for repurchase following the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event in conformity with the covenant set forth in Section 8 hereof is an Event of Default with
respect to the Floating Rate Notes. 

20. 

Covenants. There shall be the following additions to the covenants of the Issuer set forth in Article
III of the Indenture with respect to the Floating Rate Notes: 

Limitation on Liens. The Issuer covenants that, so long as any of
the Floating Rate Notes remain outstanding, it shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, create or assume any mortgage, pledge, security interest, lien, charge or encumbrance of any kind (each, a Lien) on
(a) any Principal Property or (b) any capital stock or Indebtedness of any of the Issuers Restricted Subsidiaries (together, Property), in each case whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in order to secure any
Indebtedness, without effectively providing that the Floating Rate Notes shall be secured by a Lien ranking equal to and ratably with (or, at the Issuers option, senior to) such secured Indebtedness until such time as such Indebtedness is no
longer secured by such Lien, except that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to: 

(a) 

Liens existing on the date of the initial issuance of the Floating Rate Notes (other than any additional
Floating Rate Notes) or that the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries have agreed to pursuant to the terms of agreements existing on the date of the initial issuance of the Floating Rate Notes (other than any additional Floating Rate Notes);

A-6 

(b) 

Liens created or incurred after the date of the initial issuance of the Floating Rate Notes (other than any
additional Floating Rate Notes) created in favor of the holders of the Floating Rate Notes; 

(c) 

Liens in favor of the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries; 

(d) 

(i) Liens given to secure (or to secure Indebtedness incurred or guaranteed by the Issuer or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries for the purpose of financing) the payment of all or any portion of the purchase price for the acquisition (including acquisition through merger or consolidation or the acquisition of a Person directly or indirectly owning
such property) of any Property, including capital lease or purchase money transactions in connection with any such acquisition, or all or any portion of the cost of refurbishment, improvement, expansion, renovation, development or construction of
any Property; provided that with respect to this clause (i), the Liens shall be given prior to, at the time of or within 12 months after such acquisition, or completion of such refurbishment, improvement, expansion, renovation, development or
construction, or the full operation of such Property, whichever is latest, and shall attach solely to such Property (including any refurbishments, improvements, expansions, renovations, development or construction thereof or then or thereafter
placed thereon) and any proceeds thereof; and (ii) Liens existing on all or any portion of any Property at the time of acquisition thereof (including acquisition through merger or consolidation or the acquisition of a Person then directly or
indirectly owning such property) whether or not such existing Liens were given to secure (or to secure Indebtedness incurred or guaranteed by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries for the purpose of financing) the payment of the purchase
price of such Property; 

(e) 

Liens on any Property in favor of the United States of America or any state thereof, or in favor of any other
country, or any political subdivision, department, agency or instrumentality thereof to secure progress or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to secure Indebtedness incurred or guaranteed for the purpose of financing all or any
portion of the cost of acquiring, refurbishing, improving, expanding, renovating, developing or constructing such Property, including Liens incurred in connection with pollution control, industrial revenue or similar financing;

(f) 

statutory or legislative Liens or other similar Liens (including pledges, deposits, carriers,
warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens, repairmens and other like Liens imposed by law) arising in the ordinary course of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries business, or Liens arising out of government
contracts; 

(g) 

Liens in connection with legal proceedings, including Liens arising out of judgments or awards, in each case so
long as such Lien is adequately bonded and any appropriate legal proceedings that may have been initiated for the review of such judgment, decree or order shall not have been finally terminated or the period within which such proceedings may be
initiated shall not have expired; 

(h) 

Liens for taxes or assessments, landlords Liens and Liens and charges, in each case (i) not yet due
or payable or subject to penalties for non-payment or which the Issuer is contesting in good faith by appropriate proceedings and (ii) incidental to the conduct of the business or the ownership of the
Issuers assets or those of a Restricted Subsidiary; 

A-7 

(i) 

Liens incurred in connection with an acquisition of assets or a project financed on a non- recourse basis; 

(j) 

deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal
bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business; 

(k) 

easements, zoning restrictions,
rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do
not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of the Issuers business; 

(l) 

Liens securing obligations arising under or related to (a) the transfer of cash or other property with
respect to any credit or debit card charge, check or other instrument, electronic funds transfer, or other type of paper-based or electronic payment, transfer, or charge transaction for which a Person acts as a processor, remitter, funds recipient
or funds transmitter in the ordinary course of its business (each such transaction, a Settlement) and (b) any payment or reimbursement obligation in respect of the transfer, or contractual undertaking (including by automated
clearing house transaction) to effect a transfer, of cash or other property to effect a Settlement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any agreement with a bank or financial institution providing for short term financing for the purpose of
funding any Settlement); 

(m) 

Liens securing securitized indebtedness and receivables factoring, discounting, facilities or securitizations;
and 

(n) 

any extensions, renewals or replacements of any Lien referred to in clauses (a) through (m) without
increase of the principal of the Indebtedness secured by such Lien (except to the extent of any fees or other costs associated with any such extension, renewal or replacement); provided, however, that any Liens permitted by any of
clauses (a) through (m) shall not extend to or cover any of the Issuers property or the property of any of its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, other than the property specified in such clauses and improvements to such property.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may, without equally and ratably
securing the Floating Rate Notes, create or incur Liens which would otherwise be subject to the restrictions set forth in the preceding paragraph, if after giving effect thereto and to the retirement of any Indebtedness that is being retired
substantially concurrently, Aggregate Debt does not exceed the greater of (1) 20% of the Issuers Consolidated Net Tangible Assets on a consolidated basis calculated as of the date of the creation or incurrence of the Lien and (2)
$3.5 billion. 

Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions. The Issuer covenants that, so long as any of the Floating Rate Notes remain
outstanding, it shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any arrangement with any Person providing for the leasing by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any Principal Property, whether now
owned or hereafter acquired, that has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary to such Person with the intention of taking back a lease of such Principal Property, a sale and leaseback transaction,
unless: 

(a) 

such transaction was entered into prior to the date of the initial issuance of the Floating Rate Notes (other
than any additional Floating Rate Notes) or any extension, renewal, refinancing, replacement, amendment or modification of such transaction so long as the 

A-8 

affected Principal Property is substantially the same as or similar in nature to the Principal Property subject to the sale and leaseback transaction extended, renewed, refinanced, replaced,
amended or modified; 

(b) 

such transaction was for the sale and leasing back to the Issuer or any of its wholly- owned Subsidiaries of
any Principal Property by one of the Issuers Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(c) 

such transaction involves a lease for not more than three years (or which may be terminated by the Issuer or
its Restricted Subsidiaries within a period of not more than three years); 

(d) 

the Issuer would be entitled to incur Indebtedness secured by a Lien with respect to such sale and leaseback
transaction without equally and ratably securing the Floating Rate Notes pursuant to the first paragraph of the Limitation on Liens covenant described above; or 

(e) 

the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries applies an amount equal to the net proceeds from the sale of
such Principal Property to the purchase of other property or assets used or useful in its business (including the purchase or development of other Principal Property) or to the retirement of Indebtedness that is pari passu with the Floating Rate
Notes (including the Floating Rate Notes) within 365 days before or after the effective date of any such sale and leaseback transaction, provided that, in lieu of applying such amount to the retirement of pari passu Indebtedness, the Issuer may
deliver Floating Rate Notes to the Trustee for cancellation, such Floating Rate Notes to be credited at the cost thereof. 

Notwithstanding the restrictions set forth in the preceding paragraph, the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may enter into any
sale and leaseback transaction which would otherwise be subject to the foregoing restrictions, if after giving effect thereto Aggregate Debt does not exceed the greater of (1) 20% of the Issuers Consolidated Net Tangible Assets on a
consolidated basis calculated as of the relevant date of determination and (2) $3.5 billion. 

Aggregate Debt means the
sum of the following, as of the date of determination: (1) the aggregate principal amount of the Issuers and its Restricted Subsidiaries Indebtedness incurred after the date of initial issuance of the Floating Rate Notes and secured
by Liens not permitted by the first paragraph under Limitation on Liens above and (2) the Issuers and its Restricted Subsidiaries Attributable Debt in respect of sale and leaseback transactions entered into after
the date of the initial issuance of the Floating Rate Notes pursuant to the second paragraph of Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions above. 

Attributable Debt means, with respect to any sale and leaseback transaction, at the time of determination, the lesser of
(1) the fair market value of such Principal Property as determined in good faith by the Issuers board of directors, and (2) the total obligation (discounted to the present value at the implicit interest factor, determined in
accordance with GAAP, included in the rental payments) of the lessee for rental payments (other than amounts required to be paid on account of property taxes as well as maintenance, repairs, insurance, water rates and other items which do not
constitute payments for property rights) during the remaining portion of the base term of the lease included in such transaction. 

A-9 

Consolidated Net Tangible Assets means, as of any date of determination, the
aggregate amount of assets after deducting therefrom: (1) all current liabilities, except for notes and loans payable, current maturities of long-term debt, current portion of convertible securities, current portion of deferred revenue and
obligations under capital leases; and (2) intangible assets to the extent included in the aggregate amount of assets, net of applicable reserves and any amortized amounts, all as reflected on the Issuers most recent consolidated balance
sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

GAAP means accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America,
which are in effect as of the date of application thereof. 

Indebtedness of any specified Person means, without duplication,
indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money (including, without limitation, indebtedness for borrowed money evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments). 

Principal Property means any single parcel of real property or any permanent improvement thereon (1) owned by the Issuer or
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries located in the United States, including the Issuers principal corporate office, any other offices or data centers or any portion thereof and (2) having a book value, as of the date of determination, in
excess of 3% of the Issuers Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. Principal Property does not include any property that the Issuers board of directors has determined not to be of material importance to the business conducted by the
Issuers Subsidiaries and the Issuer, taken as a whole. 

Restricted Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Issuer that
constitutes a significant subsidiary (as such term is defined in Regulation S-X, promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act), excluding (a) any subsidiary which is not organized under the laws
of any state of the United States of America, (b) any subsidiary which conducts the major portion of its business outside the United States of America and (c) any subsidiary of any of the foregoing. 

21. 

Conversion and Exchange. The Floating Rate Notes shall not be convertible into or exchangeable for any
other security. 

22. 

Additional Issues. The Issuer may, without notice to or the consent of the Holders of the Floating Rate
Notes, create and issue additional Floating Rate Notes with the same terms as the Floating Rate Notes issued on March 6, 2025 (the Initial Floating Rate Notes), except for the issue date, the offering price and, under certain
circumstances, the first interest payment date. Such additional Floating Rate Notes shall be consolidated and form a single series with the Initial Floating Rate Notes; provided that if such additional Floating Rate Notes are not fungible
with the Initial Floating Rate Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such additional Floating Rate Notes will have one or more separate CUSIP numbers. No additional Floating Rate Notes may be issued if an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing with respect to the Floating Rate Notes. 

23. 

Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Annex shall have the respective
meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture. 

A-10 

As used herein, the following term has the specified meaning: 

Business Day means any Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday which is not a day when banking institutions in the City of
New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to be closed. 

24. 

Other Terms. The Floating Rate Notes shall have the other terms and shall be substantially in the form
set forth in the form of the Floating Rate Notes attached hereto as Annex A-1. In case of any conflict between this Annex or the form of the Floating Rate Notes and the Indenture, this Annex or the form of the
Floating Rate Notes shall control, as applicable. 

A-11 

ANNEX A-1

FORM OF FLOATING RATE NOTE DUE 2028 

REGISTERED 

THIS NOTE IS A REGISTERED GLOBAL
SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF A DEPOSITARY. UNLESS AND UNTIL THIS NOTE IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR NOTES IN DEFINITIVE REGISTERED FORM,
THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO THE NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR
DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY. 

No. RA1 CUSIP NO. 70450YAR4

ISIN NO. US70450YAR45

PAYPAL HOLDINGS, INC. 

Floating Rate Notes due 2028 

PayPal Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer, which term includes any successor corporation under the Indenture
hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of ($ ) on March 6, 2028 and to pay interest, quarterly in arrears,
on March 6, June 6, September 6 and December 6 (each such date, an Interest Payment Date) of each year on said principal sum, commencing on June 6, 2025, at the rate equal to Compounded SOFR, as initially
determined on June 4, 2025, plus 0.670% per annum, and thereafter at the rate equal to Compounded SOFR, reset quarterly, as determined on the applicable Interest Payment Determination Date, plus 0.670% per annum, determined as provided herein,
from the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, unless no interest has been paid or duly provided for on the Notes, in which case from March 6, 2025 until payment of said principal sum
has been made or duly provided for. The amount of interest payable on any Interest Payment Date shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year. In the event that any date on which the principal or interest
payable on this Note is not a Business Day, then payment of principal or interest payable on such date will be made on the next succeeding day that is a Business Day, except that, if the Business Day is in the next succeeding calendar month, the
Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding day that is a Business Day with respect to the Notes (and without any interest or other payment in respect of such delay). The interest installment so payable, and punctually paid or duly
provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in the Indenture (referred to on the reverse hereof) be paid to the Person in whose name this Note is registered at the close of business on the record date for such interest installment,
which shall be the close of business on the immediately preceding February 21, May 21, August 21 or November 21 prior to such Interest Payment Date, as applicable (whether or not such record date is a Business Day); provided, however,
that interest payable at maturity of the Notes shall be payable to the Person to whom principal shall be payable, subject to DTCs applicable procedures. Any such interest installment not punctually paid or duly provided for shall forthwith
cease to be payable to the registered Holders on such record date and may be paid to the Person in whose name this Note is registered at the close of business on a subsequent record date (which shall be not less than five Business Days prior to the
date of payment of such defaulted interest), notice whereof shall be sent by or on behalf of the Issuer to the registered Holders of Notes not less than 15 days preceding such subsequent record date, all as more fully provided in the

A-1-1 

Indenture. The principal of and the interest on this Note shall be payable at the office or agency of the Issuer maintained for that purpose in any coin or currency of the United States of
America that at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that payment of interest, to the extent this Note is not represented by a Registered Global Security, may be made at the
option of the Issuer by check sent to the Person entitled thereto at such address as shall appear in the registry books of the Issuer; provided, further, that for so long as this Note is represented by a Registered Global Security,
payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest on this Note may be made by wire transfer to the account of the Depositary or its nominee in accordance with the Applicable Procedures. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Trustee (as defined below) under the Indenture (as
defined below), by the manual signature of one of its authorized signatories, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

Capitalized terms used in this Note which are defined in the Indenture shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

The provisions of this Note are continued on the reverse side hereof and such continued provisions shall for all purposes have the same
effect as though fully set forth at this place. 

A-1-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be duly executed, manually or
in facsimile. 

PAYPAL HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Securities 

referred to in the
within-mentioned Indenture. 

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Dated: 

[Signature Page to Floating Rate Global Note due 2028 A1] 

[REVERSE SIDE OF NOTE] 

This Note is one of a duly authorized series of Securities of the Issuer designated as its Floating Rate Notes due 2028 (the
Notes). The Notes are all issued or to be issued under and pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2019 (the Indenture), duly executed and delivered between the Issuer and Computershare Trust Company, N.A.,
as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee with respect to the Notes (the Trustee), to which the Indenture and the Officers Certificate setting forth the terms of the Notes is hereby made for a statement of
the respective rights thereunder of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes and the terms upon which the Notes are to be authenticated and delivered. The Notes are Senior Securities within the meaning of the Indenture. 

The Notes are issuable only as Registered Securities in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. As
provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the Notes are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Notes as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

This Note is not redeemable prior to maturity. This Note is not entitled to the benefit of a sinking fund or any analogous provision. 

The interest rate on the Notes will in no event be higher than the maximum rate permitted by New York law as the same may be modified by
United States law of general application. Additionally, the interest rate on the Notes will in no event be lower than zero. 

On each
Interest Payment Determination Date relating to the applicable Interest Payment Date, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (the Calculation Agent) will calculate the amount of accrued interest payable on the Notes for each Interest Period
by multiplying (i) the outstanding principal amount of the Notes by (ii) the product of (a) the interest rate for the relevant Interest Period multiplied by (b) the quotient of the actual number of calendar days in such
Observation Period divided by 360. 

Interest Period means (i) the period commencing on any Interest Payment Date (or,
with respect to the initial Interest Period only, commencing on March 6, 2025) to, but excluding, the next succeeding Interest Payment Date; or (ii) in the case of the last such Interest Period, from, and including, the Interest Payment
Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date to but excluding such Maturity Date. 

Compounded SOFR will be determined by the
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point): 

where: 

SOFR IndexStart = For periods other than the initial Interest Period, the
SOFR Index value on the preceding Interest Payment Determination Date, and, for the initial Interest Period, the SOFR Index value on March 6, 2025; 

SOFR IndexEnd = The SOFR Index value on the Interest Payment Determination
Date relating to the applicable Interest Payment Date (or in the final Interest Period, relating to the Maturity Date); and 

A-1-4 

dc is the number of
calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 

For purposes of determining Compounded SOFR, 

Interest Payment Determination Date means the date two U.S. Government Securities Business Days before each Interest Payment Date
(or in the final Interest Period, before the Maturity Date). 

Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Period,
the period from, and including, the date two U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date two U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for
such Interest Period (or in the final Interest Period, preceding the Maturity Date); provided that the first Observation Period shall be the period from, and including, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the settlement date
of the Floating Rate Notes to, but excluding, the two U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first Interest Payment Date. 

SOFR Index means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 

(1) the SOFR Index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index appears on the SOFR Administrators Website at 3:00 p.m.
(New York time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the SOFR Index Determination Time); provided that: 

(2) if a
SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (1) above at the SOFR Index Determination Time, then: (i) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred with respect to SOFR, then
Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined pursuant to the SOFR Index Unavailable Provisions described below; or (ii) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR,
then Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined pursuant to the provisions described below. 

SOFR means the daily secured
overnight financing rate as provided by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators Website. 

SOFR Administrator
means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of SOFR). 

SOFR Administrators Website means
the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, which as of the date of the Twelfth Supplemental Indenture is at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry
and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, if the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to
the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to determining Compounded SOFR, then the benchmark replacement provisions set forth below will thereafter apply to
all determinations of the rate of interest payable on the Notes. 

For the avoidance of doubt, in accordance with the benchmark replacement
provisions, after a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (each as defined below) have occurred, the interest rate for each Interest Period on the Notes will be an annual rate equal to the sum of the Benchmark
Replacement (as defined below) and the applicable margin. 

A-1-5 

If a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not published on the associated Interest Payment Determination Date and a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred with respect to SOFR,
Compounded SOFR means, for the applicable Interest Period for which such index is not available, the rate of return on a daily compounded interest investment calculated in accordance with the formula for SOFR Averages, and
definitions required for such formula, published on the SOFR Administrators Website, initially located at https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-rates-information. For the purposes of this paragraph, references in the
SOFR Averages compounding formula and related definitions to calculation period shall be replaced with Observation Period and the words that is, 30-,90-, or 180- calendar days shall be removed. If SOFR does not so appear for any day i in the Observation Period, SOFRi for such day i shall be SOFR published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrators Website.

If the Issuer or its designee determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior
to the Reference Time in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of such determination on such date and all
determinations on all subsequent dates. If the designee is not the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall notify the Trustee and the Calculation Agent in writing of the party that has been appointed by the Issuer as the designee. 

In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes from time to time. 

Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its designee pursuant to the benchmark
replacement provisions described herein, including any determination with respect to tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take
or refrain from taking any action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; (ii) if made by the Issuer, will be made in its sole discretion; (iii) if made by the Issuers designee, will be made
after consultation with the Issuer, and such designee will not make any such determination, decision or election to which the Issuer objects; and (iv) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Indenture, the Officers Certificate and
herein, shall become effective without consent from the Holders of the Notes or any other party. 

Any determination, decision or election
pursuant to the benchmark replacement provisions shall be made by the Issuer or its designee (which may be the Issuers affiliate) on the basis as described above, and in no event shall the Calculation Agent (solely in its role as the
Calculation Agent, notwithstanding the applicability of the prior clause if the Calculation Agent is the Issuers designee) be responsible for making any such determination, decision or election. 

Benchmark means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the published SOFR Index used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 

Benchmark Replacement means the Interpolated Benchmark with respect to the then-current Benchmark, plus the Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment for such Benchmark; provided that if the Issuer (or its designee) cannot determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of the Benchmark Replacement Date, then Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 

(1) the sum of: (a) an alternate
rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

A-1-6 

(2) the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment; or 

(3) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its designee as the
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at
such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set
forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 

(1) the spread
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement; 

(2) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback
Adjustment; or 

(3) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Issuer or its
designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for
U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time. 

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definitions or interpretations of Interest Period, the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, the rounding of
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its
designee decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the
Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably practicable). 

Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 

(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the
public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 

(2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or
publication of information referenced therein. 

A-1-7 

For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 

Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark
(including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 

(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on
behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 

(2) a public statement
or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator
for the Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 

(3) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative. 

ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any
successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time. 

ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 

ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective
upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 

Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR
Index Determination Time, as such time is defined above, and (2) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 

Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 

A-1-8 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

The interest rate and amount of interest to be paid on the Notes for each Interest Period will be
determined by the Calculation Agent. Computershare Trust Company, N.A. is currently serving as the Calculation Agent; however, the Issuer may change the Calculation Agent at any time without notice and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. may resign as
Calculation Agent at any time with prior written notice to the Issuer. The Calculation Agent will, upon the request of any Holder of the Notes, provide the interest rate then in effect with respect to the Notes. All calculations made by the
Calculation Agent shall in the absence of manifest error be conclusive for all purposes and binding on the Issuer and the Holders of the Notes. So long as Compounded SOFR is required to be determined with respect to the Notes, there will at all
times be a Calculation Agent. In the event that any then acting Calculation Agent shall be unable or unwilling to act, or that such Calculation Agent shall fail to duly establish Compounded SOFR for any Interest Period, or that the Issuer proposes
to remove such Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall appoint another calculation agent. 

None of the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the
Calculation Agent shall be under any obligation (i) to monitor, determine or verify the unavailability or cessation of SOFR or the SOFR Index, or whether or when there has occurred, or to give notice to any other transaction party of the
occurrence of, any Benchmark Transition Event or related Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) to select, determine or designate any Benchmark Replacement, or other successor or replacement benchmark index, or whether any conditions to the
designation of such a rate or index have been satisfied, or (iii) to select, determine or designate any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, or other modifier to any replacement or successor index, or (iv) to determine whether or what
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary or advisable, if any, in connection with any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, adjustments as to any alternative spread thereon, the business day convention, interest
determination dates or any other relevant methodology applicable to such substitute or successor benchmark. In connection with the foregoing, each of the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to conclusively rely on
any determinations made by the Issuer or its designee without independent investigation, and none will have any liability for actions taken at the Issuers direction in connection therewith. 

None of the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent shall be liable for any inability, failure or delay on its part to perform any
of its duties set forth herein a result of the unavailability of SOFR, the SOFR Index or other applicable Benchmark Replacement, including as a result of any failure, inability, delay, error or inaccuracy on the part of any other transaction party
in providing any direction, instruction, notice or information required or contemplated by the terms of this Note and reasonably required for the performance of such duties. None of the Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent shall be
responsible or liable for the Issuers actions or omissions or for those of its designee, or for any failure or delay in the performance by the Issuer or its designee, nor shall any of the trustee, the paying agent or the Calculation Agent be
under any obligation to oversee or monitor the Issuers performance or that of its designee. 

If a Change of Control Repurchase Event
occurs, the Issuer will be required to make an offer to each Holder of Notes to repurchase all or any part (in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 above that amount) of such Holders Notes at a repurchase price in
cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes repurchased to, but not including, the date of such repurchase. Within 30 days following any Change of Control
Repurchase Event or, at the Issuers option, prior to any Change of Control, but after the public announcement of an impending Change of Control, the Issuer will send a notice to each Holder, with a copy to the Trustee, describing the
transaction or transactions that constitute or may 

A-1-9 

constitute the Change of Control Repurchase Event and offering to repurchase Notes on the payment date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 10 days and no later than 60
days from the date such notice is sent (the Change of Control Payment Date). The notice shall, if sent prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the offer to purchase is conditioned on the Change of Control
Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the payment date specified in the notice. 

The Issuer will comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder, to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in
connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes,
the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes by virtue of such conflict. 

On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer will be required, to the extent lawful, to: 

(a) 

accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes (in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of
$1,000 above that amount) properly tendered pursuant to the Issuers offer; 

(b) 

deposit with the paying agent, no later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, an amount equal to the aggregate
purchase price in respect of all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered; and 

(c) 

deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee for cancellation the Notes properly accepted, together with an
Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes being repurchased by the Issuer. 

The paying
agent will promptly mail (or, in the case of Notes held in book-entry form, transmit electronically) to each Holder of Notes properly tendered the repurchase price for such Notes, and the Trustee will promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be
transferred by book-entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unrepurchased portion of any Notes surrendered; provided, that each new Note will be in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000
above that amount. 

The Issuer will not be required to make an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event if
a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Issuer as set forth herein and the third party repurchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under
its offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Issuer as set forth herein. In addition, the Issuer will not be required to, and will not, make an offer to repurchase any Notes if
there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an Event of Default with respect to the Notes. 

If Holders of
not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event and the Issuer, or any third party making such
an offer in lieu of the Issuer as described above, purchases all of such Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Issuer or such third party will have the right, upon not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days
prior notice (provided, 

A-1-10 

that such notice is given not more than 60 days following such repurchase pursuant to the offer to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event described above) to redeem all
Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase on a date specified in such notice (the Second Change of Control Payment Date) and at a price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes repurchased plus
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes repurchased to, but excluding, the Second Change of Control Payment Date. 

Below
Investment Grade Rating Event means the Notes are rated below an Investment Grade Rating by each of the Rating Agencies on any date from the date of the public notice of an arrangement that could result in a Change of Control until the end of
the 60-day period following public notice of the occurrence of the Change of Control (which 60-day period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under
publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies). 

Change of Control means the
occurrence of any of the following: (1) the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the
properties or assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries; (2) the consummation of
any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly,
of more than 50% of the then outstanding number of shares or voting power of the Issuers Voting Equity Interests; (3) the adoption of a plan by the Issuers board of directors relating to the Issuers liquidation or dissolution;
or (4) the Issuer consolidates with, or merges with or into, any Person, or any Person consolidates with, or merges with or into, the Issuer, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the Issuers outstanding Voting
Equity Interests or the outstanding Voting Equity Interests of such other Person is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any such transaction where the shares of the Issuers Voting Equity Interests
outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the Voting Equity Interests of the surviving Person or parent entity thereof immediately after giving effect to such transaction.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed to result in a Change of Control if (a) the Issuer becomes a wholly-owned Subsidiary of another Person and (b) immediately following that transaction, a majority of Voting
Equity Interests of such Person is held by the direct or indirect Holders of the Issuers Voting Equity Interests immediately prior to such transaction and in substantially the same proportions as immediately prior to such transaction. 

Change of Control Repurchase Event means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event.

Fitch means Fitch Inc., a subsidiary of Fimalac, S.A. 

Investment Grade Rating means a rating equal to or higher than BBB- (or the equivalent) by
Fitch, BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P and Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moodys. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., a subsidiary of Moodys Corporation, and its successors. 

Rating Agencies means (1) each of Fitch, S&P and Moodys; and (2) if any of Fitch, S&P or Moodys
ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Issuers control, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62)
under the Exchange Act, selected by the Issuer as a replacement agency for Fitch, S&P or Moodys, or some or all of them, as the case may be. 

A-1-11 

S&P means Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a division of
The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. 

If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of all the
Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

No reference herein to the Indenture
and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the time, place and rate, and in the coin or currency,
herein prescribed. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Note may be
registered on the books of the Registrar, upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Issuer maintained by the Issuer for such purpose in the contiguous United States of America, which shall initially be
the Corporate Trust Office, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Issuer and the Trustee duly executed by, the Holder hereof or by its attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one
or more new Notes of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Issuer may require payment of a sum sufficient to
cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Note for
registration of transfer, the Issuer, the Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the
Issuer, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW. 

A-1-12 

[FORM OF SCHEDULE FOR ENDORSEMENTS ON REGISTERED 

GLOBAL SECURITIES TO REFLECT CHANGES IN PRINCIPAL AMOUNT] 

Schedule A 

Changes to Principal
Amount of Registered Global Securities 

Date 

Principal Amount

of Notes

by which this Registered Global

Security is to be

Reduced or Increased,

and Reason for

Reduction or Increase 

Remaining Principal

Amount of this

Registered

Global Security 

Notation Made By

A-1-13 

ANNEX B 

Pursuant to Section 2.3 of the Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2019 (the Indenture), between PayPal Holdings, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), the terms of a series of Securities to be issued pursuant to the
Indenture are as follows: 

1. 

Designation. The designation of the securities is 4.450% Notes due 2028 (the 2028
Notes). 

2. 

Initial Aggregate Principal Amount. The 2028 Notes shall be limited in initial aggregate principal
amount to $450,000,000 (except for 2028 Notes authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer or exchange in accordance with the Indenture or this Annex B (this Annex)). 

3. 

Currency Denomination. The 2028 Notes shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars. 

4. 

Maturity. The date on which the principal of the 2028 Notes is payable is March 6, 2028.

5. 

Rate of Interest; Interest Payment Date; Regular Record Dates. Each 2028 Note shall bear interest from
March 6, 2025 at 4.450% per annum until the principal thereof is paid. Such interest shall be payable semi-annually in arrears on March 6 and September 6 of each year, commencing on September 6, 2025, to the Persons in whose
names the 2028 Notes are registered at the close of business on the immediately preceding February 21 and August 21, respectively (whether or not such record date is a Business Day). Interest on the 2028 Notes shall accrue from the most
recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from March 6, 2025. Interest on the 2028 Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day months. In the event that any date on which principal, premium, if any, or interest is payable on the 2028 Notes is not a Business Day, then payment of the principal, premium, if any, or interest payable on
such date will be made on the next succeeding day that is a Business Day (and no additional interest shall accrue as a result of such delay in payment). 

6. 

Place of Payment. Principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the 2028 Notes shall be payable, and
the transfer of the 2028 Notes shall be registrable, at the office or agency of the Issuer to be maintained for such purpose in the contiguous United States of America, which shall initially be the Corporate Trust Office, except that, at the option
of the Issuer, interest may be paid by sending a check to the address of the Person entitled thereto as it appears on the 2028 Notes register; provided, however, that while any 2028 Notes are represented by a Registered Global Security,
payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on the 2028 Notes may be made by wire transfer to the account of the Depositary or its nominee in accordance with the Applicable Procedures. 

7. 

Optional Redemption. Prior to February 6, 2028, the 2028 Notes may be redeemed, in whole at any
time or in part from time to time, at the option of the Issuer, for cash, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal amount of the 2028 Notes to be redeemed or (ii) (a) the sum of the

B-1 

present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the date of redemption (assuming the 2028 Notes matured on February 6, 2028) on a
semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate, plus 10 basis points less (b) interest accrued and unpaid
thereon to the redemption date, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but not including, the date of redemption; provided that the principal amount of any 2028 Note remaining outstanding after a redemption in
part shall be $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. In addition, on or after February 6, 2028 the Issuer may redeem the 2028 Notes, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at its option, for cash, at a
redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2028 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on the 2028 Notes that are
due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date. The Issuers actions and
determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. Notices of any redemption will be mailed (or in the case of 2028 Notes held in book-entry form, be transmitted
electronically) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to Holders of the 2028 Notes to be redeemed, except that redemption notices may be delivered more than 60 days prior to a redemption if the notice is issued in
connection with a legal or covenant defeasance of the 2028 Notes or a satisfaction and discharge of the Notes and the Indenture pursuant to Section 10.1 of the Indenture. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and
after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the 2028 Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the 2028 Notes are to be redeemed, the 2028 Notes to be redeemed will be selected by the Trustee by lot or in
accordance with the Applicable Procedures. Any redemption or notice of redemption may, at the Issuers discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, including the completion of an offering of capital stock of the Issuer or other
corporate transaction. If such redemption is subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, such notice shall describe each such condition, and if applicable, shall state that, in the Issuers discretion, the redemption date may
be delayed until such time (including more than 60 days after the date the notice of redemption was sent, including by electronic transmission) as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied, or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be
rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied by the redemption date, or by the redemption date as so delayed, or such notice may be rescinded at any time in the Issuers discretion if in the good faith
judgment of the Issuer any or all of such conditions will not be satisfied. In addition, the Issuer may provide in such notice that payment of the redemption price and performance of the Issuers obligations with respect to such redemption may
be performed by another person. Subject to the Depository Trust Companys applicable procedures, the Issuer shall provide written notice to the Trustee not later than 9:00 a.m. New York City time on the redemption date if such notice has been
delayed or rescinded, and upon receipt the Trustee shall provide such notice to each Holder of the notes in the same manner in which the notice of redemption was given, in the name and at the expense of the Issuer. 

B-2 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined
by the Issuer in accordance with the following two sub-paragraphs:

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuer after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as
yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such
time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor designation or publication)
(H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer shall select, as
applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to February 6, 2028 (the Remaining Life); (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15
exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than, and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than, the
Remaining Life and shall interpolate to February 6, 2028 on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant
maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on
H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Issuer shall
calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security
maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, February 6, 2028. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on February 6, 2028 but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally
distant from February 6, 2028, one with a maturity date preceding February 6, 2028 and one with a maturity date following February 6, 2028, the Issuer shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding
February 6, 2028. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on February 6, 2028 or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Issuer shall select from among
these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m.,

B-3 

New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this sub-paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the
applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three
decimal places. 

8. 

Change of Control Repurchase Event. If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs, unless the Issuer
has previously exercised its right to redeem the 2028 Notes in whole as described in Section 7 above, the Issuer will be required to make an offer to each Holder of 2028 Notes to repurchase all or any part (in minimum denominations of $2,000
and integral multiples of $1,000 above that amount) of such Holders 2028 Notes at a repurchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of 2028 Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the 2028
Notes repurchased to, but not including, the date of such repurchase. Within 30 days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event or, at the Issuers option, prior to any Change of Control, but after the public announcement of an impending
Change of Control, the Issuer will send a notice to each Holder, with a copy to the Trustee, describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute the Change of Control Repurchase Event and offering to repurchase 2028 Notes on
the payment date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 10 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is sent (the Change of Control Payment Date). The notice shall, if sent prior to the date of
consummation of the Change of Control, state that the offer to purchase is conditioned on the Change of Control Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the payment date specified in the notice. 

The Issuer will comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act, and any other
securities laws and regulations thereunder, to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the 2028 Notes as a result of a Change of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent that the provisions of any
securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the 2028 Notes, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations
under the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the 2028 Notes by virtue of such conflict. 

On the Change of Control Payment
Date, the Issuer will be required, to the extent lawful, to: 

(a) 

accept for payment all 2028 Notes or portions of 2028 Notes (in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral
multiples of $1,000 above that amount) properly tendered pursuant to the Issuers offer; 

(b) 

deposit with the paying agent, no later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, an amount equal to the aggregate
purchase price in respect of all 2028 Notes or portions of 2028 Notes properly tendered; and 

(c) 

deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee for cancellation the 2028 Notes properly accepted, together
with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of 2028 Notes being repurchased by the Issuer. 

B-4 

The paying agent will promptly mail (or, in the case of 2028 Notes held in book-entry form,
transmit electronically) to each Holder of 2028 Notes properly tendered the repurchase price for such 2028 Notes, and the Trustee will promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder a new 2028 Note equal in
principal amount to any unrepurchased portion of any 2028 Notes surrendered; provided, that each new 2028 Note will be in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 above that amount. 

The Issuer will not be required to make an offer to repurchase the 2028 Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event if a third party makes
such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Issuer pursuant to this Section 8 and the third party repurchases all 2028 Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its
offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Issuer pursuant to this Section 8. In addition, the Issuer will not be required to, and the Issuer will not, make an offer to
repurchase any 2028 Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an Event of Default with respect to the 2028 Notes. 

If Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Notes then outstanding validly tender and do not withdraw such 2028
Notes in an offer to repurchase the 2028 Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event and the Issuer, or any third party making such an offer in lieu of the Issuer as described above, purchases all of such 2028 Notes properly tendered and not
withdrawn by such Holders, the Issuer or such third party will have the right, upon not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior notice (provided, that such notice is given not more than 60 days following such repurchase pursuant to
the offer to repurchase the notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event described above) to redeem all 2028 Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase on a date specified in such notice (the Second Change of Control Payment
Date) and at a price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Notes repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the 2028 Notes repurchased to, but excluding, the Second Change of Control Payment Date.

Below Investment Grade Rating Event means the 2028 Notes are rated below an Investment Grade Rating by each of the Rating
Agencies on any date from the date of the public notice of an arrangement that could result in a Change of Control until the end of the 60-day period following public notice of the occurrence of the Change of
Control (which 60-day period shall be extended so long as the rating of the 2028 Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies). 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or
other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, taken

B-5 

as a whole, to any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries; (2) the consummation of any
transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of
more than 50% of the then outstanding number of shares or voting power of the Issuers Voting Equity Interests; (3) the adoption of a plan by the Issuers board of directors relating to the Issuers liquidation or dissolution; or
(4) the Issuer consolidates with, or merges with or into, any Person, or any Person consolidates with, or merges with or into, the Issuer, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the Issuers outstanding Voting Equity
Interests or the outstanding Voting Equity Interests of such other Person is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any such transaction where the shares of the Issuers Voting Equity Interests
outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the Voting Equity Interests of the surviving Person or parent entity thereof immediately after giving effect to such transaction.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed to result in a Change of Control if (a) the Issuer becomes a
wholly-owned Subsidiary of another Person and (b) immediately following that transaction, a majority of Voting Equity Interests of such Person is held by the direct or indirect holders of the Issuers Voting Equity Interests immediately
prior to such transaction and in substantially the same proportions as immediately prior to such transaction. 

Change of Control
Repurchase Event means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event. 

Fitch
means Fitch Inc., a subsidiary of Fimalac, S.A. 

Investment Grade Rating means a rating equal to or higher than BBB- (or the equivalent) by Fitch, BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P and Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moodys. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., a subsidiary of Moodys Corporation, and its successors. 

Rating Agencies means (1) each of Fitch, S&P and Moodys; and (2) if any of Fitch, S&P or Moodys
ceases to rate the 2028 Notes or fails to make a rating of the 2028 Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Issuers control, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of
Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act, selected by the Issuer as a replacement agency for Fitch, S&P or Moodys, or some or all of them, as the case may be. 

S&P means Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw- Hill Companies, Inc. 

9. 

Mandatory Redemption. Other than with respect to a Change of Control Repurchase Event as described
above, the 2028 Notes are not mandatorily redeemable. The 2028 Notes are not entitled to the benefit of a sinking fund or any analogous provisions. 

B-6 

10. 

Denominations. The 2028 Notes shall be issued initially in minimum denominations of $2,000 and shall be
issued in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

11. 

Amount Payable Upon Acceleration. The principal of the 2028 Notes shall be payable upon declaration of
acceleration pursuant to Section 5.1 of the Indenture. The 2028 Notes shall not be Original Issue Discount Securities within the meaning of the Indenture. 

12. 

Payment Currency. Principal and interest on the 2028 Notes, including payments made upon any redemption
of the 2028 Notes, shall be payable in U.S. Dollars. 

13. 

Payment Currency Election. The principal of and interest on the 2028 Notes shall not be payable
in a currency other than U.S. Dollars. 

14. 

Payment Currency Index. The principal of and interest on the 2028 Notes shall not be determined
with reference to an index based on a coin or currency. 

15. 

Registered Securities. The 2028 Notes shall be issued only as Registered Securities. The 2028 Notes
shall initially be issuable as Registered Global Securities, subject to Section 2.8 of the Indenture. 

16. 

Additional Amounts. The Issuer shall not pay additional amounts on the 2028 Notes held by a Person that
is not a U.S. Person in respect of taxes or similar charges withheld or deducted. 

17. 

Definitive Certificates. Section 2.8 of the Indenture will govern the transferability of the 2028
Notes in definitive form. 

18. 

Registrar; Paying Agent; Depositary. The Trustee shall initially serve as the registrar and the paying
agent for the 2028 Notes. The Depository Trust Company shall initially serve as the Depositary for the Registered Global Security representing the 2028 Notes. 

19. 

Events of Default. In addition to the Events of Default set forth in Section 5.1 of the Indenture,
the failure by the Issuer to repurchase 2028 Notes tendered for repurchase following the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event in conformity with the covenant set forth in Section 8 hereof is an Event of Default with respect to the
2028 Notes. 

20. 

Covenants. There shall be the following additions to the covenants of the Issuer set forth in Article
III of the Indenture with respect to the 2028 Notes: 

Limitation on Liens. The Issuer covenants that, so long as any of the 2028
Notes remain outstanding, it shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, create or assume any mortgage, pledge, security interest, lien, charge or encumbrance of any kind (each, a Lien) on (a) any Principal
Property or (b) any capital stock or Indebtedness of any of the Issuers Restricted Subsidiaries (together, Property), in each case whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in order to secure any Indebtedness, without
effectively providing that the 2028 Notes shall be secured by a Lien ranking equal to and ratably with (or, at the Issuers option, senior to) such secured Indebtedness until such time as such Indebtedness is no longer secured by such Lien,
except that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to: 

(a) 

Liens existing on the date of the initial issuance of the 2028 Notes (other than any additional 2028 Notes) or
that the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries have agreed to pursuant to the terms of agreements existing on the date of the initial issuance of the 2028 Notes (other than any additional 2028 Notes); 

B-7 

(b) 

Liens created or incurred after the date of the initial issuance of the 2028 Notes (other than any additional
2028 Notes) created in favor of the holders of the 2028 Notes; 

(c) 

Liens in favor of the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries; 

(d) 

(i) Liens given to secure (or to secure Indebtedness incurred or guaranteed by the Issuer or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries for the purpose of financing) the payment of all or any portion of the purchase price for the acquisition (including acquisition through merger or consolidation or the acquisition of a Person directly or indirectly owning
such property) of any Property, including capital lease or purchase money transactions in connection with any such acquisition, or all or any portion of the cost of refurbishment, improvement, expansion, renovation, development or construction of
any Property; provided that with respect to this clause (i), the Liens shall be given prior to, at the time of or within 12 months after such acquisition, or completion of such refurbishment, improvement, expansion, renovation, development or
construction, or the full operation of such Property, whichever is latest, and shall attach solely to such Property (including any refurbishments, improvements, expansions, renovations, development or construction thereof or then or thereafter
placed thereon) and any proceeds thereof; and (ii) Liens existing on all or any portion of any Property at the time of acquisition thereof (including acquisition through merger or consolidation or the acquisition of a Person then directly or
indirectly owning such property) whether or not such existing Liens were given to secure (or to secure Indebtedness incurred or guaranteed by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries for the purpose of financing) the payment of the purchase
price of such Property; 

(e) 

Liens on any Property in favor of the United States of America or any state thereof, or in favor of any other
country, or any political subdivision, department, agency or instrumentality thereof to secure progress or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to secure Indebtedness incurred or guaranteed for the purpose of financing all or any
portion of the cost of acquiring, refurbishing, improving, expanding, renovating, developing or constructing such Property, including Liens incurred in connection with pollution control, industrial revenue or similar financing;

(f) 

statutory or legislative Liens or other similar Liens (including pledges, deposits, carriers,
warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens, repairmens and other like Liens imposed by law) arising in the ordinary course of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries business, or Liens arising out of government
contracts; 

(g) 

Liens in connection with legal proceedings, including Liens arising out of judgments or awards, in each case so
long as such Lien is adequately bonded and any appropriate legal proceedings that may have been initiated for the review of such judgment, decree or order shall not have been finally terminated or the period within which such proceedings may be
initiated shall not have expired; 

(h) 

Liens for taxes or assessments, landlords Liens and Liens and charges, in each case (i) not yet due
or payable or subject to penalties for non-payment or which the Issuer is contesting in good faith by appropriate proceedings and (ii) incidental to the conduct of the business or the ownership of the
Issuers assets or those of a Restricted Subsidiary; 

B-8 

(i) 

Liens incurred in connection with an acquisition of assets or a project financed on a non- recourse basis; 

(j) 

deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal
bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business; 

(k) 

easements, zoning restrictions,
rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do
not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of the Issuers business; 

(l) 

Liens securing obligations arising under or related to (a) the transfer of cash or other property with
respect to any credit or debit card charge, check or other instrument, electronic funds transfer, or other type of paper-based or electronic payment, transfer, or charge transaction for which a Person acts as a processor, remitter, funds recipient
or funds transmitter in the ordinary course of its business (each such transaction, a Settlement) and (b) any payment or reimbursement obligation in respect of the transfer, or contractual undertaking (including by automated
clearing house transaction) to effect a transfer, of cash or other property to effect a Settlement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any agreement with a bank or financial institution providing for short term financing for the purpose of
funding any Settlement); 

(m) 

Liens securing securitized indebtedness and receivables factoring, discounting, facilities or securitizations;
and 

(n) 

any extensions, renewals or replacements of any Lien referred to in clauses (a) through (m) without
increase of the principal of the Indebtedness secured by such Lien (except to the extent of any fees or other costs associated with any such extension, renewal or replacement); provided, however, that any Liens permitted by any of
clauses (a) through (m) shall not extend to or cover any of the Issuers property or the property of any of its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, other than the property specified in such clauses and improvements to such property.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may, without equally and ratably
securing the 2028 Notes, create or incur Liens which would otherwise be subject to the restrictions set forth in the preceding paragraph, if after giving effect thereto and to the retirement of any Indebtedness that is being retired substantially
concurrently, Aggregate Debt does not exceed the greater of (1) 20% of the Issuers Consolidated Net Tangible Assets on a consolidated basis calculated as of the date of the creation or incurrence of the Lien and (2) $3.5 billion. 

Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions. The Issuer covenants that, so long as any of the 2028 Notes remain outstanding, it shall not, nor shall
it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any arrangement with any Person providing for the leasing by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any Principal Property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, that has
been or is to be sold or transferred by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary to such Person with the intention of taking back a lease of such Principal Property, a sale and leaseback transaction, unless: 

(f) 

such transaction was entered into prior to the date of the initial issuance of the 2028 Notes (other than any
additional 2028 Notes) or any extension, renewal, refinancing, 

B-9 

replacement, amendment or modification of such transaction so long as the affected Principal Property is substantially the same as or similar in nature to the Principal Property subject to the
sale and leaseback transaction extended, renewed, refinanced, replaced, amended or modified; 

(g) 

such transaction was for the sale and leasing back to the Issuer or any of its wholly- owned Subsidiaries of
any Principal Property by one of the Issuers Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(h) 

such transaction involves a lease for not more than three years (or which may be terminated by the Issuer or
its Restricted Subsidiaries within a period of not more than three years); 

(i) 

the Issuer would be entitled to incur Indebtedness secured by a Lien with respect to such sale and leaseback
transaction without equally and ratably securing the 2028 Notes pursuant to the first paragraph of the Limitation on Liens covenant described above; or 

(j) 

the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries applies an amount equal to the net proceeds from the sale of
such Principal Property to the purchase of other property or assets used or useful in its business (including the purchase or development of other Principal Property) or to the retirement of Indebtedness that is pari passu with the 2028 Notes
(including the 2028 Notes) within 365 days before or after the effective date of any such sale and leaseback transaction, provided that, in lieu of applying such amount to the retirement of pari passu Indebtedness, the Issuer may deliver 2028 Notes
to the Trustee for cancellation, such 2028 Notes to be credited at the cost thereof. 

Notwithstanding the restrictions
set forth in the preceding paragraph, the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may enter into any sale and leaseback transaction which would otherwise be subject to the foregoing restrictions, if after giving effect thereto Aggregate Debt
does not exceed the greater of (1) 20% of the Issuers Consolidated Net Tangible Assets on a consolidated basis calculated as of the relevant date of determination and (2) $3.5 billion. 

Aggregate Debt means the sum of the following, as of the date of determination: (1) the aggregate principal amount of the
Issuers and its Restricted Subsidiaries Indebtedness incurred after the date of initial issuance of the 2028 Notes and secured by Liens not permitted by the first paragraph under Limitation on Liens above and
(2) the Issuers and its Restricted Subsidiaries Attributable Debt in respect of sale and leaseback transactions entered into after the date of the initial issuance of the 2028 Notes pursuant to the second paragraph of
Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions above. 

Attributable Debt means, with respect to any sale and
leaseback transaction, at the time of determination, the lesser of (1) the fair market value of such Principal Property as determined in good faith by the Issuers board of directors, and (2) the total obligation (discounted to the
present value at the implicit interest factor, determined in accordance with GAAP, included in the rental payments) of the lessee for rental payments (other than amounts required to be paid on account of property taxes as well as maintenance,
repairs, insurance, water rates and other items which do not constitute payments for property rights) during the remaining portion of the base term of the lease included in such transaction. 

B-10 

Consolidated Net Tangible Assets means, as of any date of determination, the
aggregate amount of assets after deducting therefrom: (1) all current liabilities, except for notes and loans payable, current maturities of long-term debt, current portion of convertible securities, current portion of deferred revenue and
obligations under capital leases; and (2) intangible assets to the extent included in the aggregate amount of assets, net of applicable reserves and any amortized amounts, all as reflected on the Issuers most recent consolidated balance
sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

GAAP means accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America,
which are in effect as of the date of application thereof. 

Indebtedness of any specified Person means, without duplication,
indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money (including, without limitation, indebtedness for borrowed money evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments). 

Principal Property means any single parcel of real property or any permanent improvement thereon (1) owned by the Issuer or
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries located in the United States, including the Issuers principal corporate office, any other offices or data centers or any portion thereof and (2) having a book value, as of the date of determination, in
excess of 3% of the Issuers Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. Principal Property does not include any property that the Issuers board of directors has determined not to be of material importance to the business conducted by the
Issuers Subsidiaries and the Issuer, taken as a whole. 

Restricted Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Issuer that
constitutes a significant subsidiary (as such term is defined in Regulation S-X, promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act), excluding (a) any subsidiary which is not organized under the laws
of any state of the United States of America, (b) any subsidiary which conducts the major portion of its business outside the United States of America and (c) any subsidiary of any of the foregoing. 

21. 

Conversion and Exchange. The 2028 Notes shall not be convertible into or exchangeable for any other
security. 

22. 

Additional Issues. The Issuer may, without notice to or the consent of the Holders of the 2028 Notes,
create and issue additional 2028 Notes with the same terms as the 2028 Notes issued on March 6, 2025 (the Initial 2028 Notes), except for the issue date, the offering price and, under certain circumstances, the first interest
payment date. Such additional 2028 Notes shall be consolidated and form a single series with the Initial 2028 Notes; provided that if such additional 2028 Notes are not fungible with the Initial 2028 Notes for U.S. federal income tax
purposes, such additional 2028 Notes will have one or more separate CUSIP numbers. No additional 2028 Notes may be issued if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to the 2028 Notes. 

23. 

Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Annex shall have the respective
meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture. 

As used herein, the following term has the specified meaning: 

Business Day means any Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday which is not a day when banking institutions in the City of
New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to be closed. 

B-11 

24. 

Other Terms. The 2028 Notes shall have the other terms and shall be substantially in the form set forth
in the form of the 2028 Notes attached hereto as Annex B-1. In case of any conflict between this Annex or the form of the 2028 Notes and the Indenture, this Annex or the form of the 2028 Notes shall control,
as applicable. 

B-12 

ANNEX B-1

FORM OF 2028 NOTE 

REGISTERED 

THIS NOTE IS A REGISTERED GLOBAL
SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF A DEPOSITARY. UNLESS AND UNTIL THIS NOTE IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR NOTES IN DEFINITIVE REGISTERED FORM,
THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO THE NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR
DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY. 

No. RB1 CUSIP NO. 70450YAS2

ISIN NO. US70450YAS28

PAYPAL HOLDINGS, INC. 

4.450% Notes due 2028 

PayPal
Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer, which term includes any successor corporation under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the
principal sum of ($ ) on March 6, 2028 and to pay interest on said principal sum from March 6, 2025, or from the most recent interest payment date to which interest has been paid or duly
provided for, semi-annually in arrears on March 6 and September 6 (each such date, an Interest Payment Date) of each year commencing on September 6, 2025, at the rate of 4.450% per annum until the principal hereof shall
have become due and payable. 

The amount of interest payable on any Interest Payment Date shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day months. In the event that any date on which the principal or interest payable on this Note is not a Business Day, then payment of
principal or interest payable on such date will be made on the next succeeding day that is a Business Day (and without any interest or other payment in respect of such delay). The interest installment so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided
for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in the Indenture (referred to on the reverse hereof) be paid to the Person in whose name this Note is registered at the close of business on the record date for such interest installment, which
shall be the close of business on the immediately preceding February 21 and August 21 prior to such Interest Payment Date, as applicable (whether or not such record date is a Business Day). Any such interest installment not punctually paid
or duly provided for shall forthwith cease to be payable to the registered Holders on such record date and may be paid to the Person in whose name this Note is registered at the close of business on a subsequent record date (which shall be not less
than five Business Days prior to the date of payment of such defaulted interest), notice whereof shall be sent by or on behalf of the Issuer to the registered Holders of Notes not less than 15 days preceding such subsequent record date, all as more
fully provided in the Indenture. The principal of and the interest on this Note shall be payable at the office or agency of the Issuer maintained for that purpose in any coin or currency of the United States of America that at the time of payment is
legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that payment of interest, to the extent this Note is not represented by a Registered Global Security, may be made at the option of the Issuer by check sent to the
Person entitled thereto at such address as shall appear in the registry books of the Issuer; provided, further, that for so long as this Note is represented by a Registered Global Security, payment of principal, premium, if any, or
interest on this Note may be made by wire transfer to the account of the Depositary or its nominee in accordance with the Applicable Procedures. 

B-1-1 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the
Trustee (as defined below) under the Indenture (as defined below), by the manual signature of one of its authorized signatories, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

Capitalized terms used in this Note which are defined in the Indenture shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

The provisions of this Note are continued on the reverse side hereof and such continued provisions shall for all purposes have the same
effect as though fully set forth at this place. 

B-1-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be duly executed, manually or
in facsimile. 

PAYPAL HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Securities

referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Dated: 

[Signature Page to 2028 Global Note B1] 

[REVERSE SIDE OF NOTE] 

This Note is one of a duly authorized series of Securities of the Issuer designated as its 4.450% Notes due 2028 (the Notes). The
Notes are all issued or to be issued under and pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2019 (the Indenture), duly executed and delivered between the Issuer and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells
Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee with respect to the Notes (the Trustee), to which the Indenture and the Officers Certificate setting forth the terms of the Notes is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights
thereunder of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes and the terms upon which the Notes are to be authenticated and delivered. The Notes are Senior Securities within the meaning of the Indenture. 

The Notes are issuable only as Registered Securities in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. As
provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the Notes are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Notes as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

Except as set forth below, this Note is not redeemable. This Note is not entitled to the benefit of a sinking fund or any analogous provision.

Prior to February 6, 2028, the Notes may be redeemed, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at the option of the
Issuer, for cash, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon,
discounted to the date of redemption (assuming the Notes matured on February 6, 2028) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day
months) at the Treasury Rate plus 10 basis points less (b) interest accrued and unpaid thereon to the redemption date, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but not including, the date of redemption;
provided that the principal amount of any Note remaining outstanding after a redemption in part shall be $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. In addition, on or after February 6, 2028, the Issuer may redeem the
Notes, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at its option, for cash, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of
business on the relevant record date. The Issuers actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. Notices will be sent (or in the case of Notes held in
book-entry form, be transmitted electronically) to Holders of the Notes to be redeemed at least 10 and not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption, except that redemption notices may be sent more than 60 days prior to a redemption
if the notice is issued in connection with a legal or covenant defeasance of the Notes or a satisfaction and discharge of the Notes and the Indenture pursuant to Section 10.1 of the Indenture. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the
redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed will be selected by the Trustee by
lot or in accordance with the Applicable Procedures. Any redemption or notice of redemption may, at the Issuers discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, including the completion of an offering of capital stock of the Issuer
or other corporate transaction. If such redemption is subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, such notice shall describe each such condition, and if applicable, shall state that, in the Issuers discretion, the redemption
date may be delayed until such time (including more than 60 days after the date the notice of redemption was sent, including by electronic transmission) as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied, or such redemption may not occur and such
notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied by the redemption date, or by the redemption date as so delayed, or such notice may be 

B-1-4 

rescinded at any time in the Issuers discretion if in the good faith judgment of the Issuer any or all of such conditions will not be satisfied. In addition, the Issuer may provide in such
notice that payment of the redemption price and performance of the Issuers obligations with respect to such redemption may be performed by another person. Subject to the Depository Trust Companys applicable procedures, the Issuer shall
provide written notice to the Trustee not later than 9:00 a.m. New York City time on the redemption date if such notice has been delayed or rescinded, and upon receipt the Trustee shall provide such notice to each Holder of the Notes in the same
manner in which the notice of redemption was given, in the name and at the expense of the Issuer. 

Treasury Rate means, with
respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Issuer in accordance with the following two sub-paragraphs:

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuer after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as
yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such
time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor designation or publication)
(H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer shall select, as
applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to February 6, 2028 (the Remaining Life); (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15
exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than, and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than, the
Remaining Life and shall interpolate to February 6, 2028 on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant
maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on
H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Issuer shall
calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security
maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, February 6, 2028. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on February 6, 2028 but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally
distant from February 6, 2028, one with a maturity date preceding February 6, 2028 and one with a maturity date following February 6, 2028, the Issuer shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding
February 6, 2028. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing 

B-1-5 

on February 6, 2028 or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Issuer shall select from among these two or more United States
Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate
in accordance with the terms of this sub-paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as
a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs, unless the Issuer has previously exercised its right to redeem the Notes in whole as described
above, the Issuer will be required to make an offer to each Holder of Notes to repurchase all or any part (in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 above that amount) of such Holders Notes at a repurchase price in
cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes repurchased to, but not including, the date of such repurchase. Within 30 days following any Change of Control
Repurchase Event or, at the Issuers option, prior to any Change of Control, but after the public announcement of an impending Change of Control, the Issuer will send a notice to each Holder, with a copy to the Trustee, describing the
transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute the Change of Control Repurchase Event and offering to repurchase Notes on the payment date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 10 days and no later than 60 days
from the date such notice is sent (the Change of Control Payment Date). The notice shall, if sent prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the offer to purchase is conditioned on the Change of Control
Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the payment date specified in the notice. 

The Issuer will comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder, to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in
connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes,
the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes by virtue of such conflict. 

On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer will be required, to the extent lawful, to: 

(d) 

accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes (in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of
$1,000 above that amount) properly tendered pursuant to the Issuers offer; 

(e) 

deposit with the paying agent, no later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, an amount equal to the aggregate
purchase price in respect of all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered; and 

(f) 

deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee for cancellation the Notes properly accepted, together with an
Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes being repurchased by the Issuer. 

B-1-6 

The paying agent will promptly mail (or, in the case of Notes held in book-entry form,
transmit electronically) to each Holder of Notes properly tendered the repurchase price for such Notes, and the Trustee will promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal
amount to any unrepurchased portion of any Notes surrendered; provided, that each new Note will be in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 above that amount. 

The Issuer will not be required to make an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event if a third party makes such
an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Issuer as set forth herein and the third party repurchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer in the manner,
at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Issuer as set forth herein. In addition, the Issuer will not be required to, and will not, make an offer to repurchase any Notes if there has occurred and is
continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an Event of Default with respect to the Notes. 

If Holders of not less than 90% in
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event and the Issuer, or any third party making such an offer in lieu of
the Issuer as described above, purchases all of such Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Issuer or such third party will have the right, upon not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior notice (provided,
that such notice is given not more than 60 days following such repurchase pursuant to the offer to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event described above) to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase on
a date specified in such notice (the Second Change of Control Payment Date) and at a price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes
repurchased to, but excluding, the Second Change of Control Payment Date. 

Below Investment Grade Rating Event means the Notes
are rated below an Investment Grade Rating by each of the Rating Agencies on any date from the date of the public notice of an arrangement that could result in a Change of Control until the end of the 60-day
period following public notice of the occurrence of the Change of Control (which 60-day period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible
downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies). 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the direct
or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, to any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries; (2) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or
consolidation) the result of which is that any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the then outstanding number of shares or
voting power of the Issuers Voting Equity Interests; (3) the adoption of a plan by the Issuers board of directors relating to the Issuers liquidation or dissolution; or (4) the Issuer consolidates with, or merges with or
into, any Person, or any Person consolidates with, or merges with or into, the Issuer, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the Issuers outstanding Voting Equity Interests or the outstanding Voting Equity Interests of
such other Person is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any such transaction where the shares of the Issuers Voting Equity Interests outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or
are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the Voting Equity Interests of the surviving Person or parent entity thereof immediately after giving effect to such transaction. Notwithstanding the

B-1-7 

foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed to result in a Change of Control if (a) the Issuer becomes a wholly-owned Subsidiary of another Person and (b) immediately following that
transaction, a majority of Voting Equity Interests of such Person is held by the direct or indirect Holders of the Issuers Voting Equity Interests immediately prior to such transaction and in substantially the same proportions as immediately
prior to such transaction. 

Change of Control Repurchase Event means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Below
Investment Grade Rating Event. 

Fitch means Fitch Inc., a subsidiary of Fimalac, S.A. 

Investment Grade Rating means a rating equal to or higher than BBB- (or the equivalent) by
Fitch, BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P and Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moodys. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., a subsidiary of Moodys Corporation, and its successors. 

Rating Agencies means (1) each of Fitch, S&P and Moodys; and (2) if any of Fitch, S&P or Moodys
ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Issuers control, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62)
under the Exchange Act, selected by the Issuer as a replacement agency for Fitch, S&P or Moodys, or some or all of them, as the case may be. 

S&P means Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. 

If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of all the Notes may be declared due and payable
in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the
Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the time, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the books of
the Registrar, upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Issuer maintained by the Issuer for such purpose in the contiguous United States of America, which shall initially be the Corporate Trust Office,
duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Issuer and the Trustee duly executed by, the Holder hereof or by its attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes of
authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

No
service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Issuer may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Note for registration of transfer, the Issuer, the Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee may
treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

B-1-8 

THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW
YORK, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW. 

B-1-9 

[FORM OF SCHEDULE FOR ENDORSEMENTS ON REGISTERED 

GLOBAL SECURITIES TO REFLECT CHANGES IN PRINCIPAL AMOUNT] 

Schedule A 

Changes to Principal
Amount of Registered Global Securities 

Date 

Principal Amount

of Notes

by which this Registered Global

Security is to be

Reduced or Increased,

and Reason for

Reduction or Increase 

Remaining Principal

Amount of this

Registered

Global Security 

Notation Made By

B-1-10 

ANNEX C 

Pursuant to Section 2.3 of the Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2019 (the Indenture), between PayPal Holdings, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), the terms of a series of Securities to be issued pursuant to the
Indenture are as follows: 

1. 

Designation. The designation of the securities is 5.100% Notes due 2035 (the 2035
Notes). 

2. 

Initial Aggregate Principal Amount. The 2035 Notes shall be limited in initial aggregate principal
amount to $600,000,000 (except for 2035 Notes authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer or exchange in accordance with the Indenture or this Annex C (this Annex)). 

3. 

Currency Denomination. The 2035 Notes shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars. 

4. 

Maturity. The date on which the principal of the 2035 Notes is payable is April 1, 2035.

5. 

Rate of Interest; Interest Payment Date; Regular Record Dates. Each 2035 Note shall bear interest from
March 6, 2025 at 5.100% per annum until the principal thereof is paid. Such interest shall be payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on October 1, 2025, to the Persons in whose names
the 2035 Notes are registered at the close of business on the immediately preceding March 15 and September 15, respectively (whether or not such record date is a Business Day). Interest on the 2035 Notes shall accrue from the most recent
date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from March 6, 2025. Interest on the 2035 Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day months. In the event that any date on which principal, premium, if any, or interest is payable on the 2035 Notes is not a Business Day, then payment of the principal, premium, if any, or interest payable on
such date will be made on the next succeeding day that is a Business Day (and no additional interest shall accrue as a result of such delay in payment). 

6. 

Place of Payment. Principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the 2035 Notes shall be payable, and
the transfer of the 2035 Notes shall be registrable, at the office or agency of the Issuer to be maintained for such purpose in the contiguous United States of America, which shall initially be the Corporate Trust Office, except that, at the option
of the Issuer, interest may be paid by sending a check to the address of the Person entitled thereto as it appears on the 2035 Notes register; provided, however, that while any 2035 Notes are represented by a Registered Global Security,
payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on the 2035 Notes may be made by wire transfer to the account of the Depositary or its nominee in accordance with the Applicable Procedures. 

7. 

Optional Redemption. Prior to January 1, 2035, the 2035 Notes may be redeemed, in whole at any time
or in part from time to time, at the option of the Issuer, for cash, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal amount of the 2035 Notes to be redeemed or (ii) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining
scheduled payments of principal and interest 

C-1 

thereon discounted to the date of redemption (assuming the 2035 Notes matured on January 1, 2035) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year
consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate, plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued and unpaid thereon to the redemption date, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any,
thereon to, but not including, the date of redemption; provided that the principal amount of any 2035 Note remaining outstanding after a redemption in part shall be $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. In addition, on
or after January 1, 2035, the Issuer may redeem the 2035 Notes, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at its option, for cash, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2035 Notes to be redeemed, plus
accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on the 2035 Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be
payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date. The Issuers actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all
purposes, absent manifest error. Notices of any redemption will be mailed (or in the case of 2035 Notes held in book-entry form, be transmitted electronically) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to Holders of the
2035 Notes to be redeemed, except that redemption notices may be delivered more than 60 days prior to a redemption if the notice is issued in connection with a legal or covenant defeasance of the 2035 Notes or a satisfaction and discharge of the
Notes and the Indenture pursuant to Section 10.1 of the Indenture. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the 2035 Notes or portions thereof called for
redemption. If less than all of the 2035 Notes are to be redeemed, the 2035 Notes to be redeemed will be selected by the Trustee by lot or in accordance with the Applicable Procedures. Any redemption or notice of redemption may, at the Issuers
discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, including the completion of an offering of capital stock of the Issuer or other corporate transaction. If such redemption is subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent,
such notice shall describe each such condition, and if applicable, shall state that, in the Issuers discretion, the redemption date may be delayed until such time (including more than 60 days after the date the notice of redemption was sent,
including by electronic transmission) as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied, or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied by the redemption
date, or by the redemption date as so delayed, or such notice may be rescinded at any time in the Issuers discretion if in the good faith judgment of the Issuer any or all of such conditions will not be satisfied. In addition, the Issuer may
provide in such notice that payment of the redemption price and performance of the Issuers obligations with respect to such redemption may be performed by another person. Subject to the Depository Trust Companys applicable procedures,
the Issuer shall provide written notice to the Trustee not later than 9:00 a.m. New York City time on the redemption date if such notice has been delayed or rescinded, and upon receipt the Trustee shall provide such notice to each Holder of the
notes in the same manner in which the notice of redemption was given, in the name and at the expense of the Issuer. 

C-2 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined
by the Issuer in accordance with the following two sub-paragraphs:

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuer after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as
yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such
time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor designation or publication)
(H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer shall select, as
applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to January 1, 2035 (the Remaining Life); (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15
exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than, and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than, the
Remaining Life and shall interpolate to January 1, 2035 on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant
maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on
H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Issuer shall
calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security
maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, January 1, 2035. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on January 1, 2035 but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally
distant from January 1, 2035, one with a maturity date preceding January 1, 2035 and one with a maturity date following January 1, 2035, the Issuer shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding
January 1, 2035. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on January 1, 2035 or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Issuer shall select from among
these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time.
In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this sub-

C-3 

paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal
amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

8. 

Change of Control Repurchase Event. If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs, unless the Issuer
has previously exercised its right to redeem the 2035 Notes in whole as described in Section 7 above, the Issuer will be required to make an offer to each Holder of 2035 Notes to repurchase all or any part (in minimum denominations of $2,000
and integral multiples of $1,000 above that amount) of such Holders 2035 Notes at a repurchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of 2035 Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the 2035
Notes repurchased to, but not including, the date of such repurchase. Within 30 days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event or, at the Issuers option, prior to any Change of Control, but after the public announcement of an impending
Change of Control, the Issuer will send a notice to each Holder, with a copy to the Trustee, describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute the Change of Control Repurchase Event and offering to repurchase 2035 Notes on
the payment date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 10 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is sent (the Change of Control Payment Date). The notice shall, if sent prior to the date of
consummation of the Change of Control, state that the offer to purchase is conditioned on the Change of Control Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the payment date specified in the notice. 

The Issuer will comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act, and any other
securities laws and regulations thereunder, to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the 2035 Notes as a result of a Change of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent that the provisions of any
securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the 2035 Notes, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations
under the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the 2035 Notes by virtue of such conflict. 

On the Change of Control Payment
Date, the Issuer will be required, to the extent lawful, to: 

(a) 

accept for payment all 2035 Notes or portions of 2035 Notes (in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral
multiples of $1,000 above that amount) properly tendered pursuant to the Issuers offer; 

(b) 

deposit with the paying agent, no later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, an amount equal to the aggregate
purchase price in respect of all 2035 Notes or portions of 2035 Notes properly tendered; and 

(c) 

deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee for cancellation the 2035 Notes properly accepted, together
with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of 2035 Notes being repurchased by the Issuer. 

C-4 

The paying agent will promptly mail (or, in the case of 2035 Notes held in book-entry form,
transmit electronically) to each Holder of 2035 Notes properly tendered the repurchase price for such 2035 Notes, and the Trustee will promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder a new 2035 Note equal in
principal amount to any unrepurchased portion of any 2035 Notes surrendered; provided, that each new 2035 Note will be in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 above that amount. 

The Issuer will not be required to make an offer to repurchase the 2035 Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event if a third party makes
such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Issuer pursuant to this Section 8 and the third party repurchases all 2035 Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its
offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Issuer pursuant to this Section 8. In addition, the Issuer will not be required to, and the Issuer will not, make an offer to
repurchase any 2035 Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an Event of Default with respect to the 2035 Notes. 

If Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the 2035 Notes then outstanding validly tender and do not withdraw such 2035
Notes in an offer to repurchase the 2035 Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event and the Issuer, or any third party making such an offer in lieu of the Issuer as described above, purchases all of such 2035 Notes properly tendered and not
withdrawn by such Holders, the Issuer or such third party will have the right, upon not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior notice (provided, that such notice is given not more than 60 days following such repurchase pursuant to
the offer to repurchase the notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event described above) to redeem all 2035 Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase on a date specified in such notice (the Second Change of Control Payment
Date) and at a price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2035 Notes repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the 2035 Notes repurchased to, but excluding, the Second Change of Control Payment Date.

Below Investment Grade Rating Event means the 2035 Notes are rated below an Investment Grade Rating by each of the Rating
Agencies on any date from the date of the public notice of an arrangement that could result in a Change of Control until the end of the 60-day period following public notice of the occurrence of the Change of
Control (which 60-day period shall be extended so long as the rating of the 2035 Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies). 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or
other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, taken

C-5 

as a whole, to any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries; (2) the consummation of any
transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of
more than 50% of the then outstanding number of shares or voting power of the Issuers Voting Equity Interests; (3) the adoption of a plan by the Issuers board of directors relating to the Issuers liquidation or dissolution; or
(4) the Issuer consolidates with, or merges with or into, any Person, or any Person consolidates with, or merges with or into, the Issuer, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the Issuers outstanding Voting Equity
Interests or the outstanding Voting Equity Interests of such other Person is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any such transaction where the shares of the Issuers Voting Equity Interests
outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the Voting Equity Interests of the surviving Person or parent entity thereof immediately after giving effect to such transaction.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed to result in a Change of Control if (a) the Issuer becomes a
wholly-owned Subsidiary of another Person and (b) immediately following that transaction, a majority of Voting Equity Interests of such Person is held by the direct or indirect holders of the Issuers Voting Equity Interests immediately
prior to such transaction and in substantially the same proportions as immediately prior to such transaction. 

Change of Control
Repurchase Event means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event. 

Fitch
means Fitch Inc., a subsidiary of Fimalac, S.A. 

Investment Grade Rating means a rating equal to or higher than BBB- (or the equivalent) by Fitch, BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P and Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moodys. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., a subsidiary of Moodys Corporation, and its successors. 

Rating Agencies means (1) each of Fitch, S&P and Moodys; and (2) if any of Fitch, S&P or Moodys
ceases to rate the 2035 Notes or fails to make a rating of the 2035 Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Issuers control, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of
Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act, selected by the Issuer as a replacement agency for Fitch, S&P or Moodys, or some or all of them, as the case may be. 

S&P means Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw- Hill Companies, Inc. 

9. 

Mandatory Redemption. Other than with respect to a Change of Control Repurchase Event as described
above, the 2035 Notes are not mandatorily redeemable. The 2035 Notes are not entitled to the benefit of a sinking fund or any analogous provisions. 

C-6 

10. 

Denominations. The 2035 Notes shall be issued initially in minimum denominations of $2,000 and shall be
issued in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

11. 

Amount Payable Upon Acceleration. The principal of the 2035 Notes shall be payable upon declaration of
acceleration pursuant to Section 5.1 of the Indenture. The 2035 Notes shall not be Original Issue Discount Securities within the meaning of the Indenture. 

12. 

Payment Currency. Principal and interest on the 2035 Notes, including payments made upon any redemption
of the 2035 Notes, shall be payable in U.S. Dollars. 

13. 

Payment Currency Election. The principal of and interest on the 2035 Notes shall not be payable
in a currency other than U.S. Dollars. 

14. 

Payment Currency Index. The principal of and interest on the 2035 Notes shall not be determined
with reference to an index based on a coin or currency. 

15. 

Registered Securities. The 2035 Notes shall be issued only as Registered Securities. The 2035 Notes
shall initially be issuable as Registered Global Securities, subject to Section 2.8 of the Indenture. 

16. 

Additional Amounts. The Issuer shall not pay additional amounts on the 2035 Notes held by a Person that
is not a U.S. Person in respect of taxes or similar charges withheld or deducted. 

17. 

Definitive Certificates. Section 2.8 of the Indenture will govern the transferability of the 2035
Notes in definitive form. 

18. 

Registrar; Paying Agent; Depositary. The Trustee shall initially serve as the registrar and the paying
agent for the 2035 Notes. The Depository Trust Company shall initially serve as the Depositary for the Registered Global Security representing the 2035 Notes. 

19. 

Events of Default. In addition to the Events of Default set forth in Section 5.1 of the Indenture,
the failure by the Issuer to repurchase 2035 Notes tendered for repurchase following the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event in conformity with the covenant set forth in Section 8 hereof is an Event of Default with respect to the
2035 Notes. 

20. 

Covenants. There shall be the following additions to the covenants of the Issuer set forth in Article
III of the Indenture with respect to the 2035 Notes: 

Limitation on Liens. The Issuer covenants that, so long as any of the 2035
Notes remain outstanding, it shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, create or assume any mortgage, pledge, security interest, lien, charge or encumbrance of any kind (each, a Lien) on (a) any Principal
Property or (b) any capital stock or Indebtedness of any of the Issuers Restricted Subsidiaries (together, Property), in each case whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in order to secure any Indebtedness, without
effectively providing that the 2035 Notes shall be secured by a Lien ranking equal to and ratably with (or, at the Issuers option, senior to) such secured Indebtedness until such 

C-7 

time as such Indebtedness is no longer secured by such Lien, except that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to: 

(a) 

Liens existing on the date of the initial issuance of the 2035 Notes (other than any additional 2035 Notes) or
that the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries have agreed to pursuant to the terms of agreements existing on the date of the initial issuance of the 2035 Notes (other than any additional 2035 Notes); 

(b) 

Liens created or incurred after the date of the initial issuance of the 2035 Notes (other than any additional
2035 Notes) created in favor of the holders of the 2035 Notes; 

(c) 

Liens in favor of the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries; 

(d) 

(i) Liens given to secure (or to secure Indebtedness incurred or guaranteed by the Issuer or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries for the purpose of financing) the payment of all or any portion of the purchase price for the acquisition (including acquisition through merger or consolidation or the acquisition of a Person directly or indirectly owning
such property) of any Property, including capital lease or purchase money transactions in connection with any such acquisition, or all or any portion of the cost of refurbishment, improvement, expansion, renovation, development or construction of
any Property; provided that with respect to this clause (i), the Liens shall be given prior to, at the time of or within 12 months after such acquisition, or completion of such refurbishment, improvement, expansion, renovation, development or
construction, or the full operation of such Property, whichever is latest, and shall attach solely to such Property (including any refurbishments, improvements, expansions, renovations, development or construction thereof or then or thereafter
placed thereon) and any proceeds thereof; and (ii) Liens existing on all or any portion of any Property at the time of acquisition thereof (including acquisition through merger or consolidation or the acquisition of a Person then directly or
indirectly owning such property) whether or not such existing Liens were given to secure (or to secure Indebtedness incurred or guaranteed by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries for the purpose of financing) the payment of the purchase
price of such Property; 

(e) 

Liens on any Property in favor of the United States of America or any state thereof, or in favor of any other
country, or any political subdivision, department, agency or instrumentality thereof to secure progress or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to secure Indebtedness incurred or guaranteed for the purpose of financing all or any
portion of the cost of acquiring, refurbishing, improving, expanding, renovating, developing or constructing such Property, including Liens incurred in connection with pollution control, industrial revenue or similar financing;

(f) 

statutory or legislative Liens or other similar Liens (including pledges, deposits, carriers,
warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens, repairmens and other like Liens imposed by law) arising in the ordinary course of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries business, or Liens arising out of government
contracts; 

(g) 

Liens in connection with legal proceedings, including Liens arising out of judgments or awards, in each case so
long as such Lien is adequately bonded and any appropriate legal proceedings that may have been initiated for the review of such judgment, decree or order shall not have been finally terminated or the period within which such proceedings may be
initiated shall not have expired; 

C-8 

(h) 

Liens for taxes or assessments, landlords Liens and Liens and charges, in each case (i) not yet due
or payable or subject to penalties for non-payment or which the Issuer is contesting in good faith by appropriate proceedings and (ii) incidental to the conduct of the business or the ownership of the
Issuers assets or those of a Restricted Subsidiary; 

(i) 

Liens incurred in connection with an acquisition of assets or a project financed on a non- recourse basis; 

(j) 

deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal
bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business; 

(k) 

easements, zoning restrictions,
rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do
not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of the Issuers business; 

(l) 

Liens securing obligations arising under or related to (a) the transfer of cash or other property with
respect to any credit or debit card charge, check or other instrument, electronic funds transfer, or other type of paper-based or electronic payment, transfer, or charge transaction for which a Person acts as a processor, remitter, funds recipient
or funds transmitter in the ordinary course of its business (each such transaction, a Settlement) and (b) any payment or reimbursement obligation in respect of the transfer, or contractual undertaking (including by automated
clearing house transaction) to effect a transfer, of cash or other property to effect a Settlement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any agreement with a bank or financial institution providing for short term financing for the purpose of
funding any Settlement); 

(m) 

Liens securing securitized indebtedness and receivables factoring, discounting, facilities or securitizations;
and 

(n) 

any extensions, renewals or replacements of any Lien referred to in clauses (a) through (m) without
increase of the principal of the Indebtedness secured by such Lien (except to the extent of any fees or other costs associated with any such extension, renewal or replacement); provided, however, that any Liens permitted by any of
clauses (a) through (m) shall not extend to or cover any of the Issuers property or the property of any of its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, other than the property specified in such clauses and improvements to such property.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may, without equally and ratably
securing the 2035 Notes, create or incur Liens which would otherwise be subject to the restrictions set forth in the preceding paragraph, if after giving effect thereto and to the retirement of any Indebtedness that is being retired substantially
concurrently, Aggregate Debt does not exceed the greater of (1) 20% of the Issuers Consolidated Net Tangible Assets on a consolidated basis calculated as of the date of the creation or incurrence of the Lien and (2) $3.5 billion. 

Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions. The Issuer covenants that, so long as any of the 2035 Notes remain outstanding, it shall not, nor shall
it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any arrangement with any Person providing for the leasing by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any Principal Property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, that has
been or is to 

C-9 

be sold or transferred by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary to such Person with the intention of taking back a lease of such Principal Property, a sale and leaseback
transaction, unless: 

(a) 

such transaction was entered into prior to the date of the initial issuance of the 2035 Notes (other than any
additional 2035 Notes) or any extension, renewal, refinancing, replacement, amendment or modification of such transaction so long as the affected Principal Property is substantially the same as or similar in nature to the Principal Property subject
to the sale and leaseback transaction extended, renewed, refinanced, replaced, amended or modified; 

(b) 

such transaction was for the sale and leasing back to the Issuer or any of its wholly- owned Subsidiaries of
any Principal Property by one of the Issuers Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(c) 

such transaction involves a lease for not more than three years (or which may be terminated by the Issuer or
its Restricted Subsidiaries within a period of not more than three years); 

(d) 

the Issuer would be entitled to incur Indebtedness secured by a Lien with respect to such sale and leaseback
transaction without equally and ratably securing the 2035 Notes pursuant to the first paragraph of the Limitation on Liens covenant described above; or 

(e) 

the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries applies an amount equal to the net proceeds from the sale of
such Principal Property to the purchase of other property or assets used or useful in its business (including the purchase or development of other Principal Property) or to the retirement of Indebtedness that is pari passu with the 2035 Notes
(including the 2035 Notes) within 365 days before or after the effective date of any such sale and leaseback transaction, provided that, in lieu of applying such amount to the retirement of pari passu Indebtedness, the Issuer may deliver 2035 Notes
to the Trustee for cancellation, such 2035 Notes to be credited at the cost thereof. 

Notwithstanding the restrictions
set forth in the preceding paragraph, the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may enter into any sale and leaseback transaction which would otherwise be subject to the foregoing restrictions, if after giving effect thereto Aggregate Debt
does not exceed the greater of (1) 20% of the Issuers Consolidated Net Tangible Assets on a consolidated basis calculated as of the relevant date of determination and (2) $3.5 billion. 

Aggregate Debt means the sum of the following, as of the date of determination: (1) the aggregate principal amount of the
Issuers and its Restricted Subsidiaries Indebtedness incurred after the date of initial issuance of the 2035 Notes and secured by Liens not permitted by the first paragraph under Limitation on Liens above and
(2) the Issuers and its Restricted Subsidiaries Attributable Debt in respect of sale and leaseback transactions entered into after the date of the initial issuance of the 2035 Notes pursuant to the second paragraph of
Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions above. 

Attributable Debt means, with respect to any sale and
leaseback transaction, at the time of determination, the lesser of (1) the fair market value of such Principal Property as determined in good faith by the Issuers board of directors, and (2) the total obligation (discounted to the
present value at the implicit interest factor, determined in accordance with GAAP, included in the rental payments) of the lessee for rental payments (other than amounts required to be paid on account of property taxes as well as maintenance,
repairs, insurance, water rates and other items which do not constitute payments for property rights) during the remaining portion of the base term of the lease included in such transaction. 

C-10 

Consolidated Net Tangible Assets means, as of any date of determination, the
aggregate amount of assets after deducting therefrom: (1) all current liabilities, except for notes and loans payable, current maturities of long-term debt, current portion of convertible securities, current portion of deferred revenue and
obligations under capital leases; and (2) intangible assets to the extent included in the aggregate amount of assets, net of applicable reserves and any amortized amounts, all as reflected on the Issuers most recent consolidated balance
sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

GAAP means accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America,
which are in effect as of the date of application thereof. 

Indebtedness of any specified Person means, without duplication,
indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money (including, without limitation, indebtedness for borrowed money evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments). 

Principal Property means any single parcel of real property or any permanent improvement thereon (1) owned by the Issuer or
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries located in the United States, including the Issuers principal corporate office, any other offices or data centers or any portion thereof and (2) having a book value, as of the date of determination, in
excess of 3% of the Issuers Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. Principal Property does not include any property that the Issuers board of directors has determined not to be of material importance to the business conducted by the
Issuers Subsidiaries and the Issuer, taken as a whole. 

Restricted Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Issuer that
constitutes a significant subsidiary (as such term is defined in Regulation S-X, promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act), excluding (a) any subsidiary which is not organized under the laws
of any state of the United States of America, (b) any subsidiary which conducts the major portion of its business outside the United States of America and (c) any subsidiary of any of the foregoing. 

21. 

Conversion and Exchange. The 2035 Notes shall not be convertible into or exchangeable for any other
security. 

22. 

Additional Issues. The Issuer may, without notice to or the consent of the Holders of the 2035 Notes,
create and issue additional 2035 Notes with the same terms as the 2035 Notes issued on March 6, 2025 (the Initial 2035 Notes), except for the issue date, the offering price and, under certain circumstances, the first interest
payment date. Such additional 2035 Notes shall be consolidated and form a single series with the Initial 2035 Notes; provided that if such additional 2035 Notes are not fungible with the Initial 2035 Notes for U.S. federal income tax
purposes, such additional 2035 Notes will have one or more separate CUSIP numbers. No additional 2035 Notes may be issued if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to the 2035 Notes. 

23. 

Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Annex shall have the respective
meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture. 

As used herein, the following term has the specified meaning: 

Business Day means any Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday which is not a day when banking institutions in the City of
New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to be closed. 

C-11 

24. 

Other Terms. The 2035 Notes shall have the other terms and shall be substantially in the form set forth
in the form of the 2035 Notes attached hereto as Annex C-1. In case of any conflict between this Annex or the form of the 2035 Notes and the Indenture, this Annex or the form of the 2035 Notes shall control,
as applicable. 

C-12 

ANNEX C-1

FORM OF 2035 NOTE 

REGISTERED 

THIS NOTE IS A REGISTERED GLOBAL
SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF A DEPOSITARY. UNLESS AND UNTIL THIS NOTE IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR NOTES IN DEFINITIVE REGISTERED FORM,
THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO THE NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR
DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY. 

No. RC1 CUSIP NO. 70450YAT0

ISIN NO. US70450YAT01

PAYPAL HOLDINGS, INC. 

5.100% Notes due 2035 

PayPal
Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer, which term includes any successor corporation under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the
principal sum of ($ ) on April 1, 2035 and to pay interest on said principal sum from March 6, 2025, or from the most recent interest payment date to which interest has been paid or duly
provided for, semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 (each such date, an Interest Payment Date) of each year commencing on October 1, 2025, at the rate of 5.100% per annum until the principal hereof shall have
become due and payable. 

The amount of interest payable on any Interest Payment Date shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day months. In the event that any date on which the principal or interest payable on this Note is not a Business Day, then payment of
principal or interest payable on such date will be made on the next succeeding day that is a Business Day (and without any interest or other payment in respect of such delay). The interest installment so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided
for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in the Indenture (referred to on the reverse hereof) be paid to the Person in whose name this Note is registered at the close of business on the record date for such interest installment, which
shall be the close of business on the immediately preceding March 15 and September 15 prior to such Interest Payment Date, as applicable (whether or not such record date is a Business Day). Any such interest installment not punctually paid
or duly provided for shall forthwith cease to be payable to the registered Holders on such record date and may be paid to the Person in whose name this Note is registered at the close of business on a subsequent record date (which shall be not less
than five Business Days prior to the date of payment of such defaulted interest), notice whereof shall be sent by or on behalf of the Issuer to the registered Holders of Notes not less than 15 days preceding such subsequent record date, all as more
fully provided in the Indenture. The principal of and the interest on this Note shall be payable at the office or agency of the Issuer maintained for that purpose in any coin or currency of the United States of America that at the time of payment is
legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that payment of interest, to the extent this Note is not represented by a Registered Global Security, may be made at the option of the Issuer by check sent to the
Person entitled thereto at such address as shall appear in the registry books of the Issuer; provided, further, that for so long as this Note is represented by a Registered Global Security, payment of principal, premium, if any, or
interest on this Note may be made by wire transfer to the account of the Depositary or its nominee in accordance with the Applicable Procedures. 

C-1-1 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the
Trustee (as defined below) under the Indenture (as defined below), by the manual signature of one of its authorized signatories, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

Capitalized terms used in this Note which are defined in the Indenture shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

The provisions of this Note are continued on the reverse side hereof and such continued provisions shall for all purposes have the same
effect as though fully set forth at this place. 

C-1-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be duly executed, manually or
in facsimile. 

PAYPAL HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This
is one of the Securities

referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Dated: 

[Signature Page to 2035 Global Note C1] 

[REVERSE SIDE OF NOTE] 

This Note is one of a duly authorized series of Securities of the Issuer designated as its 5.100% Notes due 2035 (the Notes). The
Notes are all issued or to be issued under and pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2019 (the Indenture), duly executed and delivered between the Issuer and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells
Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee with respect to the Notes (the Trustee), to which the Indenture and the Officers Certificate setting forth the terms of the Notes is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights
thereunder of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes and the terms upon which the Notes are to be authenticated and delivered. The Notes are Senior Securities within the meaning of the Indenture. 

The Notes are issuable only as Registered Securities in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. As
provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the Notes are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Notes as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

Except as set forth below, this Note is not redeemable. This Note is not entitled to the benefit of a sinking fund or any analogous provision.

Prior to January 1, 2035, the Notes may be redeemed, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at the option of the Issuer,
for cash, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon, discounted to
the date of redemption (assuming the Notes matured on January 1, 2035) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the
Treasury Rate plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued and unpaid thereon to the redemption date, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but not including, the date of redemption; provided that the
principal amount of any Note remaining outstanding after a redemption in part shall be $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. In addition, on or after January 1, 2035, the Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole at any time
or in part from time to time, at its option, for cash, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the
relevant record date. The Issuers actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. Notices will be sent (or in the case of Notes held in book-entry form, be
transmitted electronically) to Holders of the Notes to be redeemed at least 10 and not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption, except that redemption notices may be sent more than 60 days prior to a redemption if the notice is
issued in connection with a legal or covenant defeasance of the Notes or a satisfaction and discharge of the Notes and the Indenture pursuant to Section 10.1 of the Indenture. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on
and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed will be selected by the Trustee by lot or in accordance
with the Applicable Procedures. Any redemption or notice of redemption may, at the Issuers discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, including the completion of an offering of capital stock of the Issuer or other corporate
transaction. If such redemption is subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, such notice shall describe each such condition, and if applicable, shall state that, in the Issuers discretion, the redemption date may be delayed
until such time (including more than 60 days after the date the notice of redemption was sent, including by electronic transmission) as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied, or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded
in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied by the redemption date, or by the redemption date as so delayed, or such notice may be 

C-1-4 

rescinded at any time in the Issuers discretion if in the good faith judgment of the Issuer any or all of such conditions will not be satisfied. In addition, the Issuer may provide in such
notice that payment of the redemption price and performance of the Issuers obligations with respect to such redemption may be performed by another person. Subject to the Depository Trust Companys applicable procedures, the Issuer shall
provide written notice to the Trustee not later than 9:00 a.m. New York City time on the redemption date if such notice has been delayed or rescinded, and upon receipt the Trustee shall provide such notice to each Holder of the Notes in the same
manner in which the notice of redemption was given, in the name and at the expense of the Issuer. 

Treasury Rate means, with
respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Issuer in accordance with the following two sub-paragraphs:

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuer after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as
yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such
time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor designation or publication)
(H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer shall select, as
applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to January 1, 2035 (the Remaining Life); (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15
exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than, and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than, the
Remaining Life and shall interpolate to January 1, 2035 on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant
maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on
H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Issuer shall
calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security
maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, January 1, 2035. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on January 1, 2035 but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally
distant from January 1, 2035, one with a maturity date preceding January 1, 2035 and one with a maturity date following January 1, 2035, the Issuer shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding
January 1, 2035. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing 

C-1-5 

on January 1, 2035 or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Issuer shall select from among these two or more United States
Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury
Rate in accordance with the terms of this sub-paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices
(expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs, unless the Issuer has previously exercised its right to redeem the Notes in whole as described
above, the Issuer will be required to make an offer to each Holder of Notes to repurchase all or any part (in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 above that amount) of such Holders Notes at a repurchase price in
cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes repurchased to, but not including, the date of such repurchase. Within 30 days following any Change of Control
Repurchase Event or, at the Issuers option, prior to any Change of Control, but after the public announcement of an impending Change of Control, the Issuer will send a notice to each Holder, with a copy to the Trustee, describing the
transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute the Change of Control Repurchase Event and offering to repurchase Notes on the payment date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 10 days and no later than 60 days
from the date such notice is sent (the Change of Control Payment Date). The notice shall, if sent prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the offer to purchase is conditioned on the Change of Control
Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the payment date specified in the notice. 

The Issuer will comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder, to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in
connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes,
the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes by virtue of such conflict. 

On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer will be required, to the extent lawful, to: 

(a) 

accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes (in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of
$1,000 above that amount) properly tendered pursuant to the Issuers offer; 

(b) 

deposit with the paying agent, no later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, an amount equal to the aggregate
purchase price in respect of all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered; and 

(c) 

deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee for cancellation the Notes properly accepted, together with an
Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes being repurchased by the Issuer. 

C-1-6 

The paying agent will promptly mail (or, in the case of Notes held in book-entry form,
transmit electronically) to each Holder of Notes properly tendered the repurchase price for such Notes, and the Trustee will promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal
amount to any unrepurchased portion of any Notes surrendered; provided, that each new Note will be in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 above that amount. 

The Issuer will not be required to make an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event if a third party makes such
an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Issuer as set forth herein and the third party repurchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer in the manner,
at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Issuer as set forth herein. In addition, the Issuer will not be required to, and will not, make an offer to repurchase any Notes if there has occurred and is
continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an Event of Default with respect to the Notes. 

If Holders of not less than 90% in
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event and the Issuer, or any third party making such an offer in lieu of
the Issuer as described above, purchases all of such Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Issuer or such third party will have the right, upon not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior notice (provided,
that such notice is given not more than 60 days following such repurchase pursuant to the offer to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event described above) to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase on
a date specified in such notice (the Second Change of Control Payment Date) and at a price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes
repurchased to, but excluding, the Second Change of Control Payment Date. 

Below Investment Grade Rating Event means the Notes
are rated below an Investment Grade Rating by each of the Rating Agencies on any date from the date of the public notice of an arrangement that could result in a Change of Control until the end of the 60-day
period following public notice of the occurrence of the Change of Control (which 60-day period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible
downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies). 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the direct
or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, to any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries; (2) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or
consolidation) the result of which is that any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the then outstanding number of shares or
voting power of the Issuers Voting Equity Interests; (3) the adoption of a plan by the Issuers board of directors relating to the Issuers liquidation or dissolution; or (4) the Issuer consolidates with, or merges with or
into, any Person, or any Person consolidates with, or merges with or into, the Issuer, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the Issuers outstanding Voting Equity Interests or the outstanding Voting Equity Interests of
such other Person is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any such transaction where the shares of the Issuers Voting Equity Interests outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or
are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the Voting Equity Interests of the surviving Person or parent entity thereof immediately after giving effect to such transaction. Notwithstanding the

C-1-7 

foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed to result in a Change of Control if (a) the Issuer becomes a wholly-owned Subsidiary of another Person and (b) immediately following that
transaction, a majority of Voting Equity Interests of such Person is held by the direct or indirect Holders of the Issuers Voting Equity Interests immediately prior to such transaction and in substantially the same proportions as immediately
prior to such transaction. 

Change of Control Repurchase Event means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Below
Investment Grade Rating Event. 

Fitch means Fitch Inc., a subsidiary of Fimalac, S.A. 

Investment Grade Rating means a rating equal to or higher than BBB- (or the equivalent) by
Fitch, BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P and Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moodys. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., a subsidiary of Moodys Corporation, and its successors. 

Rating Agencies means (1) each of Fitch, S&P and Moodys; and (2) if any of Fitch, S&P or Moodys
ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Issuers control, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62)
under the Exchange Act, selected by the Issuer as a replacement agency for Fitch, S&P or Moodys, or some or all of them, as the case may be. 

S&P means Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. 

If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of all the Notes may be declared due and payable
in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the
Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the time, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the books of
the Registrar, upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Issuer maintained by the Issuer for such purpose in the contiguous United States of America, which shall initially be the Corporate Trust Office,
duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Issuer and the Trustee duly executed by, the Holder hereof or by its attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes of
authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

No
service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Issuer may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Note for registration of transfer, the Issuer, the Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee may
treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

C-1-8 

THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF
NEW YORK, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW. 

C-1-9 

[FORM OF SCHEDULE FOR ENDORSEMENTS ON REGISTERED 

GLOBAL SECURITIES TO REFLECT CHANGES IN PRINCIPAL AMOUNT] 

Schedule A 

Changes to Principal
Amount of Registered Global Securities 

Date 

Principal Amount

of Notes

by which this Registered Global

Security is to be

Reduced or Increased,

and Reason for

Reduction or Increase 

Remaining Principal

Amount of this

Registered

Global Security 

Notation Made By

C-1-10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d924683dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

SKADDEN, ARPS, SLATE, MEAGHER & FLOMLLP

ONE MANHATTAN WEST 

NEW YORK,
NY 10001 

TEL: (212) 735-3000

FAX: (212) 735-2000

www.skadden.com

March 6,
2025 

FIRM/AFFILIATE OFFICES

BOSTON

CHICAGO

HOUSTON

LOS ANGELES

PALO ALTO

WASHINGTON, D.C.

WILMINGTON

ABU DHABI

BEIJING

BRUSSELS

FRANKFURT

HONG KONG

LONDON

MUNICH

PARIS

SO PAULO

SEOUL

SINGAPORE

TOKYO

TORONTO

PayPal Holdings, Inc. 

2211
North First Street 

San Jose, California 95131 

Re: 

PayPal Holdings, Inc. 

Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File
No. 333-284693)

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as special United States counsel to PayPal Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with
the public offering by the Company of $450,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Floating Rate Notes due 2028, $450,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.450% Notes due 2028 and $600,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.100% Notes due 2035
(collectively, the Notes) to be issued under the Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2019 (the Indenture), between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, as trustee (in such capacity, the Trustee). 

This opinion letter is being furnished in accordance with the
requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act). 

In rendering the opinions stated herein, we have examined and relied upon the following: 

(a) the registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284693) of the Company relating
to debt securities and other securities of the Company filed on February 4, 2025 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act allowing for delayed offerings pursuant to Rule 415 of the
General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Act (the Rules and Regulations), including the information deemed to be a part of the registration statement pursuant to Rule 430B of the Rules and Regulations (such registration
statement being hereinafter referred to as the Registration Statement); 

PayPal Holdings, Inc. 

March 6, 2025 

Page
2

(b) the prospectus, dated February 4, 2025 (the Base Prospectus),
which forms a part of and is included in the Registration Statement; 

(c) the preliminary prospectus supplement, dated March 3,
2025 (together with the Base Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus), relating to the offering of the Notes, in the form filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Rules and Regulations; 

(d) the prospectus supplement, dated March 3, 2025 (together with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus), relating to the
offering of the Notes, in the form filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Rules and Regulations; 

(e) an executed
copy of the Underwriting Agreement, dated March 3, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), among the Company and BofA Securities, Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC,
as representatives of the several Underwriters named therein (the Underwriters), relating to the sale by the Company to the Underwriters of the Notes; 

(f) an executed copy of the Indenture; 

(g) an executed copy of a certificate of Can Balcioglu, Vice President, Treasurer of the Company, dated the date hereof, setting forth
the terms of the Notes (the Indenture Officers Certificate); 

(h) the global certificates evidencing the Notes,
executed by the Company and registered in the name of Cede & Co. (the Note Certificates), delivered by the Company to the Trustee for authentication and delivery; 

(i) an executed copy of a certificate of Brian Yamasaki, Vice President, Corporate Legal and Secretary of the Company, dated the date
hereof (the Secretarys Certificate); 

(j) a copy of the Companys Restated Certificate of Incorporation
certified by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (i) as of September 10, 2019, and (ii) as of February 28, 2025, and certified pursuant to the Secretarys Certificate; 

(k) a copy of the Companys Amended and Restated Bylaws (i) in effect as of January 17, 2019, and (ii) in effect as
of September 27, 2023 and at all subsequent times to and including the date hereof, and certified pursuant to the Secretarys Certificate; and 

(l) a copy of certain resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company, adopted on September 10, 2019, March 30, 2022 and
February 1, 2025, certified pursuant to the Secretarys Certificate. 

We have also examined originals or copies, certified or
otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such records of the Company and such agreements, certificates and receipts of public officials, certificates of officers or other representatives of the Company and others, and such other documents as we
have deemed necessary or appropriate as a basis for the opinions stated below. 

PayPal Holdings, Inc. 

March 6, 2025 

Page
3

In our examination, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, including electronic
signatures, the legal capacity and competency of all natural persons, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as facsimile, electronic, certified or
photocopied copies, and the authenticity of the originals of such copies. As to any facts relevant to the opinions stated herein that we did not independently establish or verify, we have relied upon statements and representations of officers and
other representatives of the Company and others and of public officials, including those in the Secretarys Certificate and the factual representations and warranties contained in the Underwriting Agreement. 

We do not express any opinion with respect to the laws of any jurisdiction other than (i) the laws of the State of New York and
(ii) the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL) (all of the foregoing being referred to as Opined-on Law). 

As used herein, Transaction Documents means the Underwriting Agreement, the Indenture and the Note Certificates. 

Based upon the foregoing and subject to the qualifications and assumptions stated herein, we are of the opinion that the Note Certificates
have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part of the Company and duly executed by the Company under the DGCL, and when duly authenticated by the Trustee and issued and delivered by the Company against payment therefor in
accordance with the terms of the Underwriting Agreement and the Indenture, the Note Certificates will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms under the laws of the State
of New York. 

The opinions stated herein are subject to the following assumptions and qualifications: 

(a) we do not express any opinion with respect to the effect on the opinions stated herein of any bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer, preference and other similar laws or governmental orders affecting creditors rights generally, and the opinions stated herein are limited by such laws and governmental orders and by general
principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in equity or at law); 

(b) we do not express any opinion with
respect to any law, rule or regulation that is applicable to any party to any of the Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby solely because such law, rule or regulation is part of a regulatory regime applicable to any such
party or any of its affiliates as a result of the specific assets or business operations of such party or such affiliates; 

(c) except to the extent expressly stated in the opinions contained herein, we have assumed that each of the Transaction Documents
constitutes the valid and binding obligation of each party to such Transaction Document, enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms; 

PayPal Holdings, Inc. 

March 6, 2025 

Page
4

(d) we do not express any opinion with respect to the enforceability of any provision
contained in any Transaction Document relating to any indemnification, contribution, non-reliance, exculpation, release, limitation or exclusion of remedies, waiver or other provisions having similar effect
that may be contrary to public policy or violative of federal or state securities laws, rules or regulations, or to the extent any such provision purports to waive or alter, or has the effect of waiving or altering, any statute of limitations; 

(e) we do not express any opinion whether the execution or delivery of any Transaction Document by the Company, or the performance by
the Company of its obligations under any Transaction Document will constitute a violation of, or a default under, any covenant, restriction or provision with respect to financial ratios or tests or any aspect of the financial condition or results of
operations of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; 

(f) the opinions stated herein are limited to the agreements and documents
specifically identified in the opinions contained herein (the Specified Documents) without regard to any agreement or other document referenced in any Specified Document (including agreements or other documents incorporated by reference
or attached or annexed thereto) and without regard to any other agreement or document relating to any Specified Document that is not a Transaction Document; 

(g) subsequent to the effectiveness of the Indenture and immediately prior to the issuance of the Note Certificates, the Indenture has
not been amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified in any way that affects or relates to the Note Certificates other than by the Indenture Officers Certificate; and 

(h) to the extent that any opinion relates to the enforceability of the choice of New York law and choice of New York forum provisions
contained in any Transaction Document, the opinions stated herein are subject to the qualification that such enforceability may be subject to, in each case, (i) the exceptions and limitations in New York General Obligations Law Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 and (ii) principles of comity or constitutionality. 

In addition, in rendering the foregoing opinions we have also assumed that, at all applicable times: 

(a) neither the execution and delivery by the Company of the Transaction Documents nor the performance by the Company of its obligations
thereunder, including the issuance and sale of the Notes: (i) constituted or will constitute a violation of, or a default under, any lease, indenture, instrument or other agreement to which the Company or its property is subject (except that we
do not make the assumption set forth in this clause (i) with respect to those agreements or instruments expressed to be governed by the laws of the State of New York which are listed in Part II of the Registration Statement or the
Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024), (ii) contravened or will contravene any order or decree of any governmental authority to which the Company or its property
is subject, or (iii) 

PayPal Holdings, Inc. 

March 6, 2025 

Page
5

violated or will violate any law, rule or regulation to which the Company or its property is subject (except that we do not make the assumption set forth in this clause (iii) with respect to
the Opined-on Law); and 

(b) neither the execution and delivery by the Company of the
Transaction Documents nor the performance by the Company of its obligations thereunder, including the issuance and sale of the Notes, required or will require the consent, approval, licensing or authorization of, or any filing, recording or
registration with, any governmental authority under any law, rule or regulation of any jurisdiction. 

We hereby consent to the reference
to our firm under the heading Legal Matters in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of
the Securities Act or the Rules and Regulations. We also hereby consent to the filing of this opinion with the Commission as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K being filed on the date
hereof and incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement. This opinion letter is expressed as of the date hereof unless otherwise expressly stated, and we disclaim any undertaking to advise you of any subsequent changes in the facts
stated or assumed herein or of any subsequent changes in applicable laws. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>pypl-20250306.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>pypl-20250306_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>pypl-20250306_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g924683sp23.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001633917

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 06, 2025

Entity Registrant Name PayPal Holdings, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-36859

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-2989869

Entity Address, Address Line One 2211 North First Street

Entity Address, City or Town San Jose

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 95131

City Area Code (408)

Local Phone Number 967-7000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol PYPL

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.paypal.com//20250306/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d924683d8k.htm 
pypl-20250306.xsd 
pypl-20250306_lab.xml 
pypl-20250306_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-048492-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d924683d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001633917 

2025-03-06 
2025-03-06 

false 
0001633917 
8-K 
2025-03-06 
PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
DE 
001-36859 
47-2989869 
2211 North First Street 
San Jose 
CA 
95131 
(408) 
967-7000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
PYPL 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>