<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-062588.txt : 20250325
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-062588.hdr.sgml : 20250325
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250325163109
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-062588
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250319
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250325
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250325

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EQT Private Equity Co LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002032020
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		EIN:				993903361
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56683
		FILM NUMBER:		25768740

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1114 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, 45TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		917-281-0850

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1114 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, 45TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d940604d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
8-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT
REPORT 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) 

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): March 19, 2025 

EQT Private Equity Company LLC 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 

Delaware 000-56683 99-3903361

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1114 Avenue of the Americas, 45th Floor, New York, NY 10036

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(917) 281-0850

(Registrants telephone number, including area code) 

Not Applicable 

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) 

Check the appropriate box below
if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of
1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On March 22, 2025, EQT Private Equity Company LLC (the Company) entered into a Dealer-Manager Agreement (the Dealer-Manager
Agreement) with EQTE Brokerage LLC (d/b/a EQT Partners BD, LLC) (the Dealer-Manager), an affiliate of EQT AB and the Company. 

Pursuant
to the Dealer-Manager Agreement, the Dealer-Manager will solicit sales of the Companys shares authorized for issue in accordance with the Companys confidential Private Placement Memorandum (the PPM) and will provide certain
administrative and shareholder services to the Company, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Dealer-Manager Agreement. The Dealer-Manager will receive certain front-end sales charges,
distribution fees, servicing fees and certain other fees as described in the PPM. 

The foregoing summary description of the Dealer-Manager Agreement does
not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Dealer-Manager Agreement, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein
by reference. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events. 

On March 19, 2025, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted a share repurchase plan (the Share Repurchase Plan) relating to the
Companys Class I Shares, Class D Shares, Class S Shares, Class J Shares, Class A-I Shares, Class A-D Shares, Class A-S Shares, Class A-J Shares and Class T Shares. Pursuant to the Share Repurchase Plan, the Companys shareholders may request that the Company
repurchase all or a portion of their shares, subject to the terms and limitations contained in the Share Repurchase Plan. 

The Company does not expect to
make repurchases under the Share Repurchase Plan until after December 31, 2025. 

The foregoing summary description of the Share Repurchase Plan does
not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Share Repurchase Plan, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 4.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by
reference. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

4.1 Share Repurchase Plan 

10.1 Dealer-Manager Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2025, between EQTE Brokerage LLC (d/b/a EQT Partners BD, LLC) and EQT Private Equity Company LLC 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized. 

EQT Private Equity Company LLC

By: 

/s/ Bethany Oleynick

Name: Bethany Oleynick

Title: Legal Director and Secretary

Date: March 25, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d940604dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

EQT PRIVATE EQUITY COMPANY LLC 

Share Repurchase Plan 

Effective as
of March 19, 2025 

Definitions 

Board -
shall mean the Companys board of directors. 

Class I shares shall mean the shares of the Companys limited
liability interests classified as Class I. 

Class D shares shall mean the shares of the Companys limited
liability interests classified as Class D. 

Class S shares shall mean the shares of the Companys limited
liability interests classified as Class S. 

Class J shares shall mean the shares of the Companys limited
liability interests classified as Class J. 

Class A-I shares shall mean the
shares of the Companys limited liability interests classified as Class A-I.

Class A-D shares shall mean the shares of the Companys limited liability interests classified as Class A-D.

Class A-S shares shall mean the shares of the Companys limited liability
interests classified as Class A-S.

Class A-J
shares shall mean the shares of the Companys limited liability interests classified as Class A-J.

Class T shares shall mean the shares of the Companys limited liability interests classified as Class T. 

Company shall mean EQT Private Equity Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

Investor Shares shall mean the Companys Class I shares, Class D shares, Class S shares, Class J shares, Class A-I shares, Class A-D shares, Class A-S shares and Class A-J shares.

Manager shall mean EQT Partners Inc. 

NAV
shall mean the aggregate net asset value of the Company attributable to its Class I shares, Class D shares, Class S shares, Class J shares, Class A-I shares, Class A-D shares, Class A-S shares, Class A-J shares and Class T shares, or the net asset value of a class of its
shares, as the context requires, determined in accordance with the Companys Valuation Policies and Procedures. 

Plan shall mean this share repurchase plan of the Company. 

Shareholders shall mean the holders of the Companys Class I shares, Class D shares, Class S shares, Class J shares, Class A-I shares, Class A-D shares, Class A-S shares, Class A-J shares or
Class T shares. 

Shares shall mean the Companys Class I shares, Class D shares, Class S shares, Class J
shares, Class A-I shares, Class A-D shares, Class A-S shares,
Class A-J shares, and Class T shares. 

Transaction Price shall mean the repurchase price
per share for each class of shares, which shall be equal to the NAV per Share as of the last month of the prior quarter. 

Share Repurchase Plan

Shareholders may request that the Company repurchase Shares through their financial advisor or directly with the Companys transfer agent. The
procedures relating to the repurchase of the Companys Shares are as follows: 

Certain broker-dealers require that their clients process repurchases through their broker-dealer, which may
impact the time necessary to process such repurchase request, impose more restrictive deadlines than described under this Plan, impact the timing of a Shareholder receiving repurchase proceeds and require different paperwork or process than
described in this Plan. A Shareholder should contact its broker-dealer first if it wants to request the repurchase of its Shares. 

Under this Plan, to the extent the Company chooses to repurchase Shares in any particular quarter, the Company
will only repurchase Shares as of the close of the fifth calendar day of the second month of that quarter, unless such day is not a business day, in which case the Company will repurchase Shares as of the close of the next succeeding business day (a
Repurchase Date). To have Shares repurchased, a Shareholders repurchase request and required documentation must be received in good order by 4:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the Repurchase Date of the applicable calendar quarter.
Settlements of share repurchases will generally be made within three business days of the Repurchase Date. Repurchase requests received and processed by the Companys transfer agent will be effected at a repurchase price equal to the
Transaction Price on the applicable Repurchase Date (which will generally be equal to the Companys NAV per share as of the last month of the prior quarter). 

A Shareholder may withdraw its repurchase request by notifying the transfer agent, directly by email at
eqt.trades@bny.com or by contacting BNY Mellon on a toll-free telephone line, 1-800-305-0816 for instructions on how to
withdraw, or through the Shareholders financial intermediary. Repurchase requests must be canceled before 4:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the Repurchase Date of the applicable calendar quarter. 

2 

If a repurchase request is received after 4:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the Repurchase Date of the applicable
calendar quarter, the repurchase request will not be executed and, if a Shareholder still wishes to have its Shares repurchased, must be resubmitted after the start of the next calendar quarter. Repurchase requests received and processed by the
Companys transfer agent on a business day, but after the close of business on that day or on a day that is not a business day, will be deemed received on the next business day. All questions as to the form and validity (including time of
receipt) of repurchase requests and notices of withdrawal will be determined by the Company, in its sole discretion, and such determination shall be final and binding. 

Repurchase requests may be made by email or by contacting the Shareholders financial intermediary, both
subject to certain conditions described in this Plan. If making a repurchase request by contacting the Shareholders financial intermediary, the Shareholders financial intermediary may require the Shareholder to provide certain
documentation or information. If making a repurchase request by email to the transfer agent, the Shareholder must complete and sign a repurchase authorization form, which can be found at the end of this Plan and which is available on the
Companys website, eqtgroup.com/private-wealth/private-equity/eqpe. Written requests should be sent to the transfer agent at the following email address: 

Email: 

eqt.trades@bny.com

Corporate shareholders and other non-individual entities must have an appropriate certification on file
authorizing repurchases. 

Shareholders will receive repurchase proceeds via wire transfer, pursuant to the wiring instructions for their brokerage account
or designated U.S. bank account. For all repurchases paid via wire transfer, the funds will be wired to the account on file with the transfer agent or, upon instruction, to another financial institution provided that the Shareholder has made the
necessary funds transfer arrangements. The customer service representative can provide detailed instructions on establishing funding arrangements and designating a bank or brokerage account on file. Funds will be wired only to U.S. financial
institutions (ACH network members). 

If a Shareholder has made multiple purchases of the Companys Shares, any repurchase request will be processed
on a first in/first out basis unless otherwise requested in the repurchase request. 

Early Repurchase Fee 

Requests for repurchase will be subject to an early repurchase fee (the Early Repurchase Fee) of 5% of the NAV of the Investor Shares repurchased
from a Shareholder if Investor Shares are repurchased within 24 months of the original issue date of such Investor Shares. 

If a Shareholder has made
multiple purchases of the Companys Shares, any Early Repurchase Fee will be calculated based on the original issue date of the Shares accepted for repurchase by the Company. 

Any Early Repurchase Fee will inure to the benefit of the Company. The Company may, from time to time, waive the Early Repurchase Fee in the case of
repurchases resulting from death, qualifying disability or divorce. 

3 

All questions as to the applicability of the Early Repurchase Fee, including the specific facts pertaining
thereto, and the validity, form and eligibility (including time of receipt of required documents) of a waiver from the Early Repurchase Fee will be determined by the Manager, in its sole discretion, and its determination will be final and binding.

Sources of Funds for Repurchases 

The Company
may fund repurchase requests from sources other than cash flow from operations, including, without limitation, borrowings, offering proceeds and the sale of the Companys assets, and the Company has no limits on the amounts it may fund from
such sources. 

Repurchase Limitations 

The
Company may repurchase fewer shares than have been requested in any particular quarter to be repurchased under this Plan, or none at all, in its discretion at any time. In addition, the aggregate NAV of total repurchases of the Companys Shares
will be limited to no more than 5% of the Companys aggregate NAV per calendar quarter (measured using the average aggregate NAV as of the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter). Such limitation is calculated based on the
Companys transactional net asset value, which is used to determine the price at which the Company sells and repurchases its Shares. 

In the event
that the Company determines to repurchase some but not all of the Shares submitted for repurchase during any quarter, Shares submitted for repurchase during such quarter will be repurchased on a pro rata basis after the Company has repurchased all
Shares for which repurchase has been requested due to death, divorce, dissolution, bankruptcy, insolvency or adjudicated incompetence of the Shareholder. All unsatisfied repurchase requests must be resubmitted after the start of the next quarter, or
upon the recommencement of this Plan, as applicable. 

If the Transaction Price for the applicable quarter is not made available by the tenth business day
prior to the Repurchase Date of the applicable quarter (or is changed after such date), the Company may elect to extend the repurchase offer to a later date or not to accept repurchase requests for such quarter. If the Company extends the repurchase
offer to a later date, the Company will extend the Repurchase Date so that at least ten business days would remain from the announcement of the Transaction Price for the applicable quarter. Shareholders who wish to have their Shares repurchased the
following quarter would then be required to resubmit their repurchase requests. The Transaction Price for each quarter will be available on the Companys website at eqtgroup.com/private-wealth/private-equity/eqpe. 

The Company will not repurchase Shares if (1) such purchases would impair the Companys status as a holding company; (2) the Company would not
be able to sell its assets in a manner that is orderly and consistent with its objectives in order to repurchase Shares under the Plan; or (3) there is, in the Boards judgment, any (a) legal action or proceeding instituted or
threatened challenging the Plan or otherwise materially and adversely affecting the Company, (b) declaration of a banking moratorium by Federal or state authorities or any suspension of payment by banks in the United States or New York State,
which is material to the Company, (c) limitation imposed by Federal or state authorities on the extension of credit by lending institutions, (d) commencement or escalation of war, armed hostilities, acts of terrorism, natural disasters,
public health crises or other 

4 

international or national calamity directly or indirectly involving the United States that in the sole determination of the Board is material to the Company, (e) a material decrease in the
estimated NAV of the Company from the estimated NAV of the Company as of the commencement of the quarterly repurchase or (f) other events or conditions that would have a material adverse effect on the Company or its members if Shares were
repurchased. Further, the Board may make exceptions to, modify or suspend this Plan if, in its reasonable judgment, it deems such action to be in the best interests of the Company and its members. Material modifications, including any amendment to
the 5% quarterly limitation on repurchases, to and suspensions of this Plan will be promptly disclosed to Shareholders in a supplement to the Companys private placement memorandum or current or periodic report filed by the Company. Material
modifications will also be disclosed on the Companys website. In addition, the Company may determine to suspend this Plan due to regulatory changes, changes in law or if the Company becomes aware of undisclosed material information that it
believes should be publicly disclosed before Shares are repurchased. 

If this Plan is suspended, the Board will consider the recommencement of the Plan at
least quarterly. Continued suspension of the Plan will only be permitted if the Board determines that the continued suspension of the Plan is in the best interests of the Company and its members. The Board must affirmatively authorize the
recommencement of the Plan before Shareholder requests will be considered again. The Board cannot terminate this Plan absent a liquidity event which results in the Companys Shareholders receiving cash or securities listed on a national
securities exchange or where otherwise required by law. 

As described in the Companys private placement memorandum, Class E shares of the
Company will not be subject to this Plan, including with respect to any repurchase limits or the calculation of NAV. 

5 

EQT PRIVATE EQUITY COMPANY LLC

REPURCHASE AUTHORIZATION

Use this form to request repurchase of your shares in EQT Private Equity Company LLC (the Company). Please
complete all sections below. 

1 REPURCHASE FROM THE FOLLOWING ACCOUNT 

Name(s) on the Account

Account Number Social Security Number/TIN

Financial Advisor Name Financial Advisor Phone Number

2 REPURCHASE AMOUNT(Check one, required) 3 REPURCHASE TYPE(Check one, required)

All Shares

Number of Shares 

Dollar Amount
$ 

2a
SHARE CLASS(required)

Share
Class 

Normal

Death

Divorce

Dissolution

Bankruptcy

Insolvency

Adjudicated Incompetence

Please complete a separate repurchase form for each class of shares for which you are requesting repurchase.

Additional documentation is required if repurchasing due to Death, Divorce, Dissolution, Bankruptcy, or Adjudicated Incompetence. Contact Shareholder
Services for detailed instructions at eqt.isq@bny.com. 

4 PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS 

Payments will be made to the
shareholders account in accordance with the standard procedures of such shareholders intermediary, when applicable, or to the shareholders existing payment instruction on file. Contact your financial intermediary or account manager
if you have any questions. Repurchase proceeds for qualified accounts, including IRAs and other Custodial accounts, and certain Broker-controlled accounts as required by your Broker/Dealer of record, will automatically be issued to the Custodian or
Broker/Dealer of record, as applicable. All Custodial-held and Broker-controlled accounts must include the Custodian and/or Broker/Dealer signature.

I authorize EQT Private Equity Company LLC or its agent to deposit my distribution into my checking or savings account. In the event that EQT Private
Equity Company LLC deposits funds erroneously into my account, they are authorized to debit my account for an amount not to exceed the amount of the erroneous deposit.

Name / Entity Name / Financial Institution

Mailing Address

City

State Zip Code

Your Banks ABA Routing Number

Your Bank Account Number

5 SHARE REPURCHASE PLAN CONSIDERATIONS (Select only one)

Our share repurchase plan contains limitations on the number of shares that can be repurchased under the plan during any calendar quarter. In addition to these
limitations, we cannot guarantee that we will have sufficient funds to accommodate all repurchase requests made in any applicable repurchase period and we may elect to repurchase fewer shares than have been requested in any particular calendar
quarter, or none at all. If the number of shares subject to repurchase requests exceeds the then applicable limitations, or if we otherwise do not make all requested repurchases, each shareholders request will be reduced on a pro rata basis
after we have repurchased all shares for which repurchase 

has been requested due to death, divorce, dissolution, bankruptcy, insolvency or adjudicated incompetence. If repurchase requests are reduced on a pro rata basis after we have repurchased all
shares for which repurchase has been requested due to death, divorce, dissolution, bankruptcy, insolvency or adjudicated incompetence, you may elect (at the time of your repurchase request) to either withdraw your entire request for repurchase or
have your request honored on a pro-rata basis. If you wish to have the remainder of your initial request repurchased, you must resubmit a new repurchase request for the remaining amount. Please select one
of the following options below. If an option is not selected, your repurchase request will be processed on a pro-rata basis, if needed.

Process my repurchase request on a pro-rata basis.

Withdraw (do not process) my entire repurchase request if amount will be reduced on a pro-rata basis. 

6 COST BASIS SELECTION (Select only one)

U.S. federal income tax information reporting rules generally apply to certain transactions in our shares. Where they apply, the cost basis
calculated for the shares involved will be reported to the Internal Revenue Service and to you. Generally, these rules apply to our shares, including those purchased through our distribution reinvestment plan. You should consult your own tax advisor
regarding the consequences of these rules and your cost basis reporting options. 

Indicate below the cost basis method you would like us to apply. 

IMPORTANT: If an option is not selected, your cost basis will be calculated using FIFO basis. 

FIFO (First In, First Out) 

LIFO (Last In, First Out) 

HILO (Sell lots in descending order of value) 

LOHI (Sell lots in ascending order of value) 

7 AUTHORIZATION AND SIGNATURE 

Investor Name (Please Print)

Signature Date

Co-Investor Name (Please Print)

Signature Date

Custodian and/or Broker/Dealer Authorization 

(if applicable)

Signature of
Authorized Person 

Please refer to the private placement memorandum you received in connection with your initial investment in EQT Private Equity Company
LLC, as amended by any amendments or supplements to that memorandum, for a description of the current terms of our share repurchase plan. The repurchase price will be available in supplements to the private placement memorandum and on our website,
eqtgroup.com/private-wealth/private-equity/eqpe. There are various limitations on your ability to request that we repurchase your shares. Please see our website, eqtgroup.com/private-wealth/private-equity/eqpe, or the Companys latest current
report on Form 8-K for the current repurchase price. In addition, the aggregate NAV of total repurchases of Class I shares, Class D shares, Class S shares, Class J shares, Class A-I shares, Class A-D shares, Class A-S shares, Class A-J shares and
Class T shares will be limited to no more than 5.0% of the Companys aggregate NAV per calendar quarter attributable to such classes of shares (measured using the average aggregate NAV attributable to shareholders as of the end of the
immediately preceding calendar quarter). Our board of directors may determine to make exceptions to, amend or suspend our share repurchase plan without shareholder approval. Material modifications to and suspensions of the share repurchase plan will
be made available at eqtgroup.com/private-wealth/private-equity/eqpe. Repurchase of shares, when requested, will generally be made quarterly; provided however, that the board of directors may determine from time to time to adjust the timing
of repurchases. All requests for repurchases must be received in good order by 4:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the fifth calendar day of the second month of that quarter, unless such day is not a business day, in which case requests for repurchase must
be received as of the close of the next succeeding business day (the Repurchase Date). A shareholder may withdraw his or her repurchase request by notifying the transfer agent, BNY Mellon, directly by email at eqt.trades@bny.com or by
contacting BNY Mellon on a toll-free telephone line, 1-800-305-0816, for instructions on how to withdraw, or through the
shareholders financial intermediary. Repurchase requests must be cancelled before 4:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the applicable Repurchase Date (or if such Repurchase Date is not a business day, the prior business day). We cannot guarantee that
we will have sufficient available 

2 

funds or that we will otherwise be able to accommodate any or all requests made in any applicable repurchase period. All questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of
repurchase requests and notices of withdrawal will be determined by the Company, in its sole discretion, and such determination shall be final and binding. 

Please send all repurchase requests or withdrawal
requests to BNY Mellon by email at: eqt.trades@bny.com

For any investor inquiries, please contact BNY Mellon by email at:
eqt.isq@bny.com

or by toll-free telephone line at: 1-800-305-0816

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d940604dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

DEALER-MANAGER AGREEMENT 

THIS
DEALER-MANAGER AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of this 22nd day of March, 2025, by and between EQT Private Equity Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company), and EQTE Brokerage LLC
(d/b/a EQT Partners BD, LLC) (the Dealer-Manager), a Delaware limited liability company. 

WHEREAS, the Company is conducting a
private placement offering in accordance with Rule 506(b) of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act), of the classes of shares (the Shares) listed in the Companys private
placement memorandum in connection with such private placement offering (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the Private Placement Memorandum); 

WHEREAS, the Company has filed a registration statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) pursuant to
Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act); 

WHEREAS, the Dealer-Manager is registered
as a broker-dealer with the SEC under the 1934 Act, and is a member of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA); and 

WHEREAS, the Company wishes to retain the Dealer-Manager to serve as dealer-manager of each class of the Shares and for such additional classes of
Shares that the Company may issue in the future, on the terms and conditions set forth below; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual
covenants hereinafter contained and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

SECTION 1 APPOINTMENT 

1.1 Dealer-Manager. The Company hereby appoints Dealer-Manager as its dealer-manager of Shares and to provide such other services in
accordance with the terms set forth in this Agreement. Dealer-Manager accepts such appointment and agrees to furnish certain related services as set forth in this Agreement. 

1.2 Appointment not Exclusive. Notwithstanding Dealer-Managers appointment as dealer-manager of Shares, the Company reserves the
right to make sales of Shares without sales charges consistent with the terms of the Private Placement Memorandum, including direct sales of Shares, and to engage in other legally authorized transactions in Shares. Such other transactions may
include, without limitation, transactions between the Company or any class and its shareholders only; transactions involving the reorganization of the Company; and transactions involving the merger or combination of the Company with another
corporation or trust. 

SECTION 2 SOLICITATION OF SALES AND OTHER SERVICES 

2.1 Solicitation of Sales. The Company grants to Dealer-Manager the right to sell its Shares authorized for issue, at the net asset
value per Share, plus any applicable sales charges, in accordance with the Private Placement Memorandum, as agent and on behalf of the Company, during the term of this Agreement and subject to the rules and regulations of the SEC and the laws
governing the sale of securities in the various states (Blue Sky Laws). The Company may terminate, suspend or withdraw the offering of Shares whenever, in its sole discretion, it deems such action to be desirable. The
Dealer-Manager agrees that no offer or sale of Shares will be made in any state or jurisdiction, or to any prospective investor located in any state or jurisdiction, where Shares have not been registered or qualified for offer and sale under
applicable state securities laws unless Shares are exempt from the registration or qualification requirements of such laws. Shares will be sold (i) in the United States only to U.S. persons who are accredited investors within the
meaning of Regulation D under the 1933 Act and (ii) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the 1933 Act and pursuant to the laws, rules and regulations applicable to the offer and sale of Shares in the applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction. The Dealer-Manager agrees to provide a current Private Placement Memorandum, including any written supplements, to prospective investors. The Dealer-Manager may prepare, print and distribute
such other sales literature and advertising materials in connection with the offering of Shares as it deems appropriate. Without limiting the foregoing, the Dealer-Manager shall perform or supervise the performance by others of the services set
forth herein. 

2.2 Dealer-Manager will have the right, as agent, to sell Shares to broker-dealers that are
members of FINRA and who have entered into selling agreements with Dealer-Manager; or through other financial intermediaries, in each case against orders therefor. In consideration of these rights granted to the Dealer-Manager, the Dealer-Manager
agrees to use all commercially reasonable efforts in connection with the sale of Shares; provided, however, that the Dealer-Manager will not be prevented from entering into like arrangements (including arrangements involving the
payment of underwriting commissions) with other issuers. The provisions of this paragraph do not obligate the Dealer-Manager to register as a broker or dealer under the Blue Sky Laws of any jurisdiction or laws of any foreign jurisdiction in which
it is not now registered or to maintain its registration in any jurisdiction in which it is now registered or obligate the Dealer-Manager to sell any particular number of Shares. The Dealer-Manager will not direct remuneration from commissions paid
by the Company for portfolio securities transactions to a broker or dealer for promoting or selling Shares. The Company reserves the right to refuse at any time or times to sell any of its Shares for any reason deemed adequate by it. All orders
through the Dealer-Manager will be subject to acceptance and confirmation by the Company. Throughout the term of this Agreement, the Dealer-Manager shall maintain such licenses and registrations as are necessary to permit it and its representatives
and agents to provide the services hereunder. 

2.3 Other Services. Without limiting the foregoing, the Dealer-Manager will perform
or supervise the performance by others of the additional services set forth herein, including the following personal investor services and account maintenance services: 

(a) providing administrative, operational and infrastructural support for the selling of Shares and settlement of transactions
with shareholders, as necessary; 

(b) handling inquiries regarding the Company from shareholders in the Company, including
but not limited to, questions concerning such shareholders investments in the Company, including repurchases, reports and tax information provided by the Company; 

(c) assisting in the enhancement of relations and communications between shareholders and the Company; 

(d) assisting in the establishment and maintenance of shareholders accounts with the Company, including notifying the
Company or its agents of any changes in account information; 

(e) assisting in receiving and forwarding purchase and
repurchase requests and payments to and from such shareholders; 

(f) assisting the Company or its agent (including the
Companys transfer agent) with the process of receiving and forwarding purchase and repurchase requests and payments to and from shareholders; 

(g) providing such other similar services as the Company may reasonably request to the extent Dealer-Manager is permitted to do
so under applicable statutes, rules and regulations; and 

(h) assisting, as requested, in the repurchase of Shares owned by
shareholders. 

SECTION 3 REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS 

3.1 Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Company. The Company represents, warrants and covenants that: 

(a) it is duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of Delaware, and has all requisite
power under the laws of such state and applicable federal law to conduct its business as now being conducted and to perform its obligations as contemplated by this Agreement; 

2 

(b) this Agreement has been duly authorized by the Board of Directors of the
Company, including by unanimous affirmative vote of a majority of the independent directors of the Company; and when executed and delivered by the Company, will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the
Company in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability; 

(c) it shall timely perform all obligations identified in this Agreement as obligations of the Company, including, without
limitation, providing the Dealer-Manager with all marketing materials reasonably requested by the Dealer-Manager and giving all necessary consents or approvals in good faith and within a timely manner; 

(d) each Private Placement Memorandum has been prepared in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and no Private
Placement Memorandum will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact that is required to be stated therein so as to make the statements contained in such Private Placement Memorandum, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; 

(e) it will notify the Dealer-Manager as soon as reasonably
practical in advance of any matter which could materially affect the Dealer-Managers performance of its duties and obligations under this Agreement, including any amendment to the Private Placement Memorandum; 

(f) it will provide Dealer-Manager with a copy of each Private Placement Memorandum as soon as reasonably possible prior to or
contemporaneously with the distribution of such Private Placement Memorandum; 

(g) it shall fully cooperate with requests
from government regulators and the Dealer-Manager for information relating to customers and/or transactions involving the Shares, as permitted by law, in order for the Dealer-Manager to comply with its regulatory obligations; 

(h) the Shares have not been registered under the 1933 Act, the securities laws of any other state or the securities laws of
any other jurisdiction, but will be offered and sold in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements under the 1933 Act and any other applicable laws pursuant to the Private Placement Memorandum; 

(i) the Shares are being offered and sold (i) in the United States under the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of
the 1933 Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder and other exemptions of similar import in the laws of the states and jurisdictions where the offering will be made, to U.S. persons who are accredited investors within
the meaning of Regulation D under the 1933 Act, and (ii) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the 1933 Act. As of the date hereof, no jurisdiction in which the Shares have been or will be offered or sold has issued
any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the Shares for sale in such jurisdiction and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened; 

(j) the Company is conducting an offering of Shares as a private placement and shall not take any action that (i) causes
the offering of the Shares to lose any exemption from registration with the SEC provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act and/or any regulations promulgated thereunder or (ii) causes the offering of Shares to lose its exemption from
registration provided by Rule 506(b) of Regulation D under the 1933 Act; and 

(k) the Company intends to conduct its
business so as not to be an investment company as that term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act), and the rules and regulations thereunder, and it will exercise reasonable
diligence to ensure that it does not become an investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act. 

3 

3.2 Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Dealer-Manager. Dealer-Manager
represents, warrants and covenants that: 

(a) it has full power, right and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly approved by all requisite actions on its part, and no other
proceedings on its part are necessary to approve this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by it; this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation,
enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability; 

(b) it is registered as a broker-dealer with the SEC under the 1934 Act and a member of FINRA; 

(c) it is and will continue to be in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations aimed at the prevention and detection
of money laundering and/or the financing of terrorism activities including Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by USA PATRIOT Act, U.S. Treasury Department, including the Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC), Financial Crimes and
Enforcement Network (FinCEN) and the SEC (collectively, Money Laundering Laws) in its duties as a Dealer-Manager under this Agreement, provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, such duties and
corresponding compliance with Money Laundering Laws may be delegated or otherwise carried out by placement agents, financial intermediaries, the Companys administrator or the Companys transfer agent pursuant to separate agreements
between such party and the Company or Dealer-Manager; 

(d) it has an anti-money laundering program (AML
Program), that at minimum includes, (i) an AML compliance officer designated to administer and oversee the AML Program, (ii) ongoing training for appropriate personnel, (iii) internal controls and procedures reasonably
designed to prevent and detect suspicious activity monitoring and terrorist financing activities; (iv) appropriate risk-based procedures for conducting ongoing customer due diligence, including: (a) understanding the nature and purpose of
customer relationships for the purpose of developing a customer risk profile and (b) conducting ongoing monitoring to identify and report suspicious transactions and, on a risk basis, to maintain and update customer information (including
beneficial ownership information of legal entity customers); and (v) appropriate record keeping procedures; 

(e) it
shall not give any information or make any representations other than those contained in the current Private Placement Memorandum or contained in shareholder reports or other material that may be prepared by or on behalf of the Company for the
Dealer-Managers use. The Dealer-Manager may prepare and distribute sales literature and other material as it may deem appropriate, provided that such literature and materials have been prepared in accordance with applicable rules and
regulations; and providedfurther, that the Company has previously approved such material; 

(f) it will offer
Shares, and in its agreements with Intermediaries (as defined below) will require that the Intermediaries offer Shares, only to those persons who meet the suitability standards set forth in the Private Placement Memorandum or in any suitability
letter or memorandum sent by the Company (including, for the avoidance of doubt, only from investors each of which, together with any other investor for which such investor is acting as a trustee or other fiduciary, the Dealer-Manager or
Intermediary making such offering of Shares, shall reasonably believe (a) is an accredited investor with respect to the Shares within the meaning of Regulation D under the 1933 Act; or (b) is not a United States person within
the meaning of Rule 902 under the 1933 Act) and will only make offers to persons in the jurisdictions in which it is advised in writing that the Shares are qualified for sale or that such qualification is not required. Notwithstanding the
qualification of the Shares for sale in any respective jurisdiction (or the exemption therefrom), the Dealer-Manager represents, warrants and covenants that it will not offer Shares and will not permit any of its registered representatives to offer
Shares in any jurisdiction unless both the Dealer-Manager and such registered representative are duly licensed to transact securities business in such jurisdiction. In offering Shares, the Dealer-Manager will comply, and in its agreements with
Intermediaries, the Dealer-Manager will require that the Intermediaries comply, with the provisions of the FINRA Rules, Regulation Best Interest under the 1934 Act, as well as all other applicable rules and regulations relating to suitability of
investors; 

4 

(g) neither it, nor any person associated with the Dealer-Manager shall
offer or sell (nor will the Dealer-Manager in its agreements with Intermediaries permit the Intermediaries to offer or sell) Shares in any jurisdiction except to investors who satisfy the investor suitability standards and minimum investment
requirements under the most restrictive of the following: (a) applicable provisions described in the Private Placement Memorandum, including status as an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D under the 1933 Act, minimum
income and net worth standards; (b) applicable laws of the jurisdiction of which such investor is a resident; or (c) applicable FINRA Rules. The Dealer-Manager agrees to ensure that, in recommending the purchase, sale or exchange of Shares
to an investor, the Dealer-Manager, or a person associated with the Dealer-Manager, shall have reasonable grounds to believe, on the basis of information obtained from the investor (and thereafter maintained in the manner and for the period required
by the SEC, any state securities commission, any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction, FINRA or the Company) concerning his or her age, investment objectives, other investments, financial situation and needs and
any other information known to the Dealer-Manager, or person associated with the Dealer-Manager, that (i) the investor can reasonably benefit from an investment in the Shares based on the investors overall investment objectives and
portfolio structure, (ii) the investor is able to bear the economic risk of the investment based on the investors overall financial situation and (iii) the investor has an apparent understanding of (A) the fundamental risks of
the investment, (B) the risk that the investor may lose his or her entire investment in the Shares, (C) the lack of liquidity of the Shares, (D) the background and qualifications of the Manager or the persons responsible for directing
and managing the Company and (E) the tax consequences of an investment in the Shares. In the case of sales to fiduciary accounts, the suitability standards must be met by the person who directly or indirectly supplied the funds for the purchase
of the Shares or by the beneficiary of such fiduciary account; and the purchaser of Shares has a substantive pre-existing relationship with the Dealer-Manager pursuant to Regulation D under the 1933 Act. The
Dealer-Manager further represents, warrants and covenants that the Dealer-Manager, or a person associated with the Dealer-Manager, will make every reasonable effort to determine the suitability and appropriateness of an investment in Shares of each
proposed investor by reviewing documents and records disclosing the basis upon which the determination as to suitability was reached as to each purchaser of Shares pursuant to a subscription solicited by the Dealer-Manager, whether such documents
and records relate to accounts which have been closed, accounts which are currently maintained or accounts hereafter established. The Dealer-Manager agrees to retain its records in compliance with applicable law and make available a record of the
information obtained to determine that an investor meets the suitability standards imposed on the offer or sale of Shares at the time of the initial purchase of Shares to (i) the Company and (ii) representatives of the SEC, FINRA and
applicable state or non-U.S. securities administrators upon the Dealer-Managers receipt of an appropriate document subpoena or other appropriate request for documents from any such agency for a period of
at least six years following the termination of this Agreement. In addition, at the Companys reasonable written request, which shall be no later than the six year anniversary of the date of termination of this Agreement, and at the
Companys sole expense, the Dealer-Manager agrees to retain such records for a reasonable period of time beyond the six year anniversary of the date of termination of this Agreement. The Dealer-Manager shall not purchase any Shares for a
discretionary account without obtaining the prior written approval of the Dealer-Managers customer and his or her signature on a subscription agreement. In selling Shares, the Dealer-Manager will comply, and in its agreements with
Intermediaries, the Dealer-Manager will require that the Intermediaries comply, with the provisions of the FINRA Rules, Regulation Best Interest under the 1934 Act, as well as all other applicable rules and regulations relating to suitability of
investors; 

(h) neither the Dealer-Manager nor any of its directors, executive officers, general partners, managing members
or other officers participating in the offering, nor any of the directors, executive officers or other officers participating in the offering of any such general partner or managing member, nor any other officers, employees or associated persons of
the Dealer-Manager or any such general partner or managing member that have been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the offer and sale of Shares (each, a Dealer-Manager
Covered Person and, together, Dealer-Manager Covered Persons), is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications (Disqualification Events) set forth in Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under
the Securities Act applicable to the Dealer-Manager except for a Disqualification Event contemplated by Rule 506(d)(2) of the Securities Act, a description of which has been furnished in writing to the Company prior to the date hereof. The Bad
Actor disqualifications include, among 

5 

other things: (1) criminal convictions and court injunctions and restraining orders issued in connection with the purchase or sale of a security or false filings with the SEC; (2) final
orders from the Commodities Futures Trading Commission, federal banking agencies and certain other regulators that bar a person from associating with a regulated entity or engaging in the business of securities, insurance or banking or that are
based on certain fraudulent conduct; (3) SEC disciplinary orders relating to investment advisers, brokers, dealers and their associated persons; (4) SEC
cease-and-desist orders relating to violations of certain anti-fraud provisions and registration requirements of the federal securities laws; (5) suspensions or
expulsions from membership in a self-regulatory organization (SRO) or from association with an SRO member; and (6) U.S. Postal Service false representation orders. To the extent permitted by applicable law and without
disclosing any non-public personal information regarding any Dealer-Manager Covered Person, the Dealer-Manager will promptly notify the Company if it becomes aware of a Dealer-Manager Covered Person who is or
becomes the subject of a Disqualifying Event or determines that the Companys exemption under Rule 506 is no longer available as a result of any Disqualifying Event. 

(i) in its agreements with Intermediaries, the Dealer-Manager will require the Intermediaries to represent that: 

(A) it has exercised reasonable care, in accordance with section (e) of Rule 506, in making a factual inquiry into whether
any Disqualifying Event exists with respect to the Intermediary or any of its Covered Persons; 

(B) it shall make periodic
factual inquiry as to the occurrence or existence of any Disqualifying Events with respect to itself and its directors, executive officers, general partners, managing members or other officers participating in the offering, and any of the directors,
executive officers or other officers participating in the offering of any such general partner or managing member, and any other officers, employees or associated persons of the Intermediary or any such general partner or managing member that have
been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the offer and sale of Shares (each, an Intermediary Covered Person), and shall conduct such factual inquiry with
reasonable care in accordance with subsection (d)(2)(iv) of Rule 506; 

(C) to the extent permitted by applicable law, it
will promptly notify the Company if it is or becomes subject to a Disqualifying Event or if it becomes aware that any of its Intermediary Covered Persons is or becomes the subject of a Disqualifying Event; and 

(D) if a Disqualifying Event occurs with respect to any of its Intermediary Covered Persons, the Company shall have the right
to terminate the Selling Agent Agreement (defined below) with effect from the date of the occurrence of the Disqualifying Event. 

SECTION 4 NO
REGISTRATION OF SHARES 

The Shares have not been registered under the 1933 Act, the securities laws of any other State or the securities laws of any
other jurisdiction, but will be offered and sold in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act and any other applicable laws pursuant to the Private Placement Memorandum. The Shares are being offered and sold
(i) in the United States under the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder and other exemptions of similar import in the laws of the states and jurisdictions where the
Offering will be made, to U.S. persons who are accredited investors within the meaning of Regulation D under the 1933 Act, and (ii) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the 1933 Act. Neither the Company
nor the Dealer-Manager shall take any action that (i) causes the offering of the Shares to lose any exemption from registration with the SEC provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act and/or any regulations promulgated thereunder or
(ii) causes the offering of Shares to lose its exemption from registration provided by Rule 506(b) of Regulation D under the 1933 Act. The Dealer-Manager shall exercise reasonable diligence to (and shall require Intermediaries to) avoid taking
any action that would cause the Company to be an investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act and/or any regulations promulgated thereunder. 

6 

SECTION 5 AGREEMENTS WITH FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES 

The Dealer-Manager is authorized to enter into written agreements (Selling Agent Agreements) with banks, broker/dealers, insurance companies
and other financial institutions (collectively, Intermediaries), on terms and conditions consistent with this Agreement and all applicable laws, regulations and exemptive relief, and to fix therein the portion of the sales charge,
if any, that may be allocated to the Intermediaries on such terms and conditions as the Dealer-Manager will deem necessary or appropriate. The Selling Agent Agreements shall be on the general forms that are approved by the Board of Directors of the
Company. The Dealer-Manager also may enter into other forms of agreements relating to selling agent activities and support as it deems appropriate, provided that the Dealer-Manager determines that the Companys responsibility or liability to
any person under, or on account of any acts or statements of any such Intermediary under, any such agreement does not exceed its responsibility or liability under the general form(s) of Selling Agent Agreement approved by the Board of Directors of
the Company, and provided further that the Dealer-Manager determines that the overall terms of any such agreement are not materially less advantageous to the Company than the overall terms of the general form(s) of Selling Agent Agreement approved
by the Board of Directors of the Company. Any Shares sold to Intermediaries for resale will be resold by such intermediaries only at the price set forth in the applicable Private Placement Memorandum or as otherwise permissible under the federal and
state securities laws. With respect to Intermediaries who are acting as brokers or dealers within the United States, the Dealer-Manager will offer and sell Shares, as agent for the Company, only to such financial intermediaries who are members in
good standing of FINRA. The Dealer-Manager agrees, and each Intermediary shall have agreed, to comply and shall comply with any applicable requirements with respect to its and each Intermediarys participation in any resales or transfers of the
Shares. In addition, the Dealer-Manager agrees, and each Intermediary shall have agreed, that should it or they assist with the resale or transfer of the Shares, it and each Intermediary will fully comply with all applicable FINRA or SEC rules or
any other applicable federal or state laws, including Regulation D under the 1933 Act. The Company acknowledges that Dealer-Manager may act as the Companys agent for transmitting, or arranging for transmission of, distribution and/or
shareholder servicing fees to be paid to Intermediaries in accordance with arrangements between the Company and such Intermediaries. During the offering, offers and sales of Shares pursuant to the terms of any Selling Agent Agreements that are from
benefit plan investors (within the meaning of Section 3(12) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), or other investors who are or whose assets are subject to Title I of ERISA or
Section 4975 of the Code must be properly and clearly identified to the Company. At the Companys request, the Dealer-Manager shall provide to the Company a list of all investors and Intermediaries with whom the Dealer-Manager has
initiated oral or written discussions regarding the offering. 

SECTION 6 EXPENSES 

6.1 Company Expenses. The Company will pay all fees and expenses (i) in connection with the preparation of any Private Placement
Memorandum for the issue of its Shares; (ii) in connection with the registration and qualification of Shares for sale in the various states in which the Company will determine advisable to qualify such Shares for sale; (iii) of preparing,
setting in type, printing and mailing any report or other communication to shareholders of the Company in their capacity as such; (iv) charged by FINRA in connection with FINRA review of Company advertising and marketing materials; and
(v) of preparing, setting in type, printing and mailing any Private Placement Memorandum sent to existing shareholders. 

6.2
Dealer-Manager Expenses. Dealer-Manager will pay all of its costs and expenses (other than expenses which one or more dealers may bear pursuant to any agreement with Dealer-Manager) incurred by it in connection with the performance of its
distribution duties hereunder. 

SECTION 7 COMPENSATION 

7.1 Compensation to Dealer-Manager. As compensation for providing the services under this Agreement, the Dealer-Manager will receive
from the Company: 

(a) all distribution and servicing fees, as applicable, at the rate and under the terms and conditions
set forth in the Private Placement Memorandum applicable to the appropriate class of shares of the Company and subject to any further limitations on such fees as the Board of Directors of the Company may impose; 

7 

(b) all front-end sales charges, if
any, on purchases of Shares sold subject to such charges as described in the Private Placement Memorandum. The Dealer-Manager, or brokers, dealers and other financial institutions and intermediaries that have entered into sub-distribution agreements with the Dealer-Manager, may collect the gross proceeds derived from the sale of such Shares, remit the net asset value thereof to the Company upon receipt of the proceeds and retain the
applicable sales charge; 

(c) all contingent deferred sales charges (CDSC) on the terms and subject to
such waivers as are described in the Private Placement Memorandum, or as otherwise required pursuant to applicable law; and 

(d) all dealer-manager fees, if any, on purchases of Shares sold subject to such charges as described in the Private Placement
Memorandum. 

7.2 Payments to Financial Intermediaries. The Dealer-Manager may re-allow any
or all of the distribution or servicing fees, front-end sales charges, dealer-manager fees and CDSCs that it is paid by the Company to such brokers, dealers and other financial institutions and intermediaries
as the Dealer-Manager may from time to time determine. 

SECTION 8 INDEMNIFICATION; CONTRIBUTION; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 

8.1 Indemnification of Dealer-Manager. The Company agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Dealer-Manager, each of its
directors, officers, employees and each person, if any, who controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, the Dealer-Manager within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act (collectively, the Dealer-Manager Indemnified
Parties) from and against any and all losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, whatsoever (including any investigation, legal or other expenses incurred in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement of, any action,
suit or proceeding or any claim asserted) to which the Dealer-Manager Indemnified Parties may become subject, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Private Placement
Memorandum, or any marketing literature or materials distributed on behalf of the Company with respect to the securities covered by the Private Placement Memorandum (the Covered Documents) or the omission or alleged omission
therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and will reimburse the Dealer-Manager for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by the Dealer-Manager in connection with
investigating or defending any such action or claim as such expenses are incurred; provided, however, that the Company shall not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or
is based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in the Covered Documents about the Dealer-Manager in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the
Dealer-Manager expressly for use therein. In no case is the indemnity by the Company in favor of the Dealer-Manager or any other person to be deemed to protect the Dealer-Manager or any other person against any liability to the Company or its
shareholders to which the Dealer-Manager or such person otherwise would be subject by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith, or gross negligence, in the performance of its duties, or by reason of its reckless disregard of its obligations and
duties under this Agreement. 

8.2 Indemnification of the Company. Dealer-Manager agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the
Company, each of its directors, officers, employees and each person, if any, who controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act (collectively, the Company
Indemnified Parties) from and against any and all losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, whatsoever (including any investigation, legal or other expenses incurred in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement of,
any action, suit or proceeding or any claim asserted) to which the Company Indemnified Parties may become subject, to the extent, but only to the extent, that an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made
in a Covered Document, in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Dealer-Manager. 

8 

8.3 Indemnification Procedures. 

(a) If any action or claim shall be brought against any Dealer-Manager Indemnified Party or Company Indemnified Party (any such
party, an Indemnified Party and collectively, the Indemnified Parties), in respect of which indemnity may be sought against the other party hereto, such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the indemnifying
party in writing, and the indemnifying party shall assume the defense thereof, including the employment of counsel and payment of all fees and expenses; but the omission so to notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability
which it may have to any indemnified party except to the extent such indemnifying party has been materially prejudiced by such failure. 

(b) Any Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense
thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party unless (i) the indemnifying party has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses, (ii) the indemnifying party has failed to assume
the defense and employ counsel, or (iii) the named parties to any such action (including any impleaded party) included such Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party and such Indemnified Party shall have been advised by counsel that there
may be one or more legal defenses available to it which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party or which may also result in a conflict of interest (in which case if such Indemnified Party notifies the
indemnifying party, the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the defense of such action on behalf of such Indemnified Party), it being understood, however, that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with any one such
action or separate but substantially similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances, be liable for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys for all
such Indemnified Parties. 

(c) No indemnifying party shall, without the written consent of the Indemnified Party, effect
the settlement or compromise of, or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to, any pending or threatened action or claim in respect of which indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not the Indemnified Party is
an actual or potential party to such action or claim) unless such settlement, compromise or judgment (i) includes an unconditional release of the Indemnified Party from all liability arising out of such action or claim and (ii) does not
include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any Indemnified Party. 

(d) The indemnifying party shall not be liable for any settlement of any such action effected without its written consent, but
if such action is settled with the written consent of the indemnifying party, or if there shall be a final judgment for the plaintiff in any such action and the time for filing all appeals has expired, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify and
hold harmless any Indemnified Party from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. 

(e)
The obligations of the indemnifying party under this Section 8 shall be in addition to any liability that the indemnifying party may otherwise have. 

8.4 Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in this Section 8 is insufficient or unavailable to any Indemnified Party
under this Section 8 in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein, then the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Party hereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable
by damages, liabilities or expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Dealer-Manager on the other from the offering of the Shares. If, however, the allocation
provided by the immediately preceding sentence is not permitted by applicable law or if the Indemnified Party failed to give the notice required under Section 8.3(a), above, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to such amount paid or
payable by such Indemnified Party in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Dealer-Manager on the other in connection with the statements or
omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof), as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Dealer-Manager on
the other shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the amount of gross proceeds received by the Company from the offering of the Shares under this Agreement (expressed in dollars) bears to the net profits received by the Dealer-Manager under
this Agreement. The relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information
supplied by the Company on the one hand or the Dealer-Manager on the other and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company and the Dealer-Manager
agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this 

9 

Section 8.4 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid
or payable by an Indemnified Party as a result of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) referred to above shall be deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Indemnified Party in
connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of
such fraudulent misrepresentation. 

8.5 Consequential Damages. In no event and under no circumstances will either party to this
Agreement be liable to anyone, including, without limitation, the other party, for consequential damages for any act or failure to act under any provision of this Agreement. 

8.6 Limitation of Liability. The Company is a limited liability company organized under Delaware law and under a Certificate of
Formation, which is on file at the office of the Secretary of State of Delaware, and a limited liability company agreement, as amended from time to time, to each of which reference is hereby made. The obligations of the Company entered into in the
name of the Company or on behalf thereof by any of the directors of the Company (the Directors), officers, employees or agents are made not individually, but in such capacities, and are not binding upon any of the Directors,
officers, employees, agents or shareholders of the Company personally, but bind only the assets of the Company, and all persons dealing with the Company must look solely to the assets of the Company for the enforcement of any claims against the
Company. 

SECTION 9 TERM AND TERMINATION 

This
Agreement will be effective upon its execution, and, unless terminated as provided, will continue in operation unless terminated in accordance with the terms hereof. This Agreement may be terminated at any time without penalty by a vote of the
Directors or by the Dealer-Manager upon not less than sixty days prior written notice to the Company. 

SECTION 10 MISCELLANEOUS 

10.1 Records. The books and records pertaining to the Company, which are in the possession or under the control of Dealer-Manager, will
be prepared and maintained as required under applicable securities laws, rules and regulations. The Company and its authorized persons will have access to such books and records at all times during the Dealer-Managers normal business hours.
Upon the reasonable request of the Company, the Dealer-Manager will provide copies of such books and records to the Company or its authorized persons, at the Companys expense. 

10.2 Independent Contractor. The Dealer-Manager will undertake and discharge its obligations hereunder as an independent contractor.
Neither Dealer-Manager nor any of its officers, directors, employees or representatives is or will be an employee of the Company in connection with the performance of Dealer-Managers duties hereunder. Dealer-Manager will be responsible for its
own conduct and the employment, control, compensation and conduct of its agents and employees, and for any injury to such agents or employees or to others through its agents and employees. 

10.3 Notices. All notices provided for or permitted under this Agreement will be deemed effective upon receipt, and will be in writing
and (a) delivered personally, (b) sent by commercial overnight courier with written verification of receipt, (c) sent via electronic mail, or (d) sent by certified or registered U.S. mail, postage prepaid and return receipt
requested, to the party to be notified, at the address for such party set forth below: 

The Dealer-Manager: EQTE Brokerage LLC (d/b/a EQT Partners BD, LLC)

Five Radnor Corporate Center, 100 Matsonford Road, Suite 250

Radnor, Pennsylvania 19087

Attention: Barry Breen

Email: [***]

10 

The Company: EQT Partners Inc.

1114 Avenue of the Americas, 45th Floor

New York, NY 10036

Attention: Bethany Oleynick

Email: [***]

10.4 Dispute Resolution. Whenever either party desires to institute legal proceedings against the other
party concerning this Agreement, it will provide written notice to that effect to such other party. The party providing such notice will refrain from instituting said legal proceedings for a period of thirty (30) days following the date of
provision of such notice. During such period, the parties will attempt in good faith to amicably resolve their dispute by negotiation among their executive officers. 

10.5 Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto and supersedes any prior
agreement, draft or agreement or proposal with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be amended only if such amendment is approved by the vote of a majority of the Directors. 

10.6 Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without
giving effect to any conflict of laws or choice of laws rules or principles thereof. 

10.7 Counterparts. This Agreement may be
executed in two or more counterparts, all of which will constitute one and the same instrument. Each such counterpart will be deemed an original, and it will not be necessary in making proof of this Agreement to produce or account for more than one
such counterpart. This Agreement will be deemed executed by both parties when any one or more counterparts hereof or thereof, individually or taken together, bears the original, scanned or facsimile signatures of each of the parties. 

10.8 Force Majeure. No breach of any obligation of a party to this Agreement (other than obligations to pay amounts owed) will
constitute an event of default or breach to the extent it arises out of a cause, existing or future, that is beyond the control and without negligence of the party otherwise chargeable with breach or default, including without limitation: work
action or strike; lockout or other labor dispute; flood; war; riot; theft; act of terrorism, earthquake or natural disaster. Either party desiring to rely upon any of the foregoing as an excuse for default or breach will, when the cause arises, give
to the other party prompt notice of the facts which constitute such cause; and, when the cause ceases to exist, give prompt notice thereof to the other party. 

10.9 Severability. Any provision of this Agreement that is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction will be
ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability in such jurisdiction, without rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other
jurisdiction. If a court of competent jurisdiction declares any provision of this Agreement to be invalid or unenforceable, the parties agree that the court making such determination will have the power to reduce the scope, duration, or area of the
provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace the provision with a provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the original intention of the parties, and this Agreement will be enforceable as so
modified. 

***** 

11 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and Dealer-Manager have each duly executed this Agreement, as of the
day and year above written. 

EQT Private Equity Company LLC EQTE Brokerage LLC (d/b/a EQT Partners BD, LLC)

By: /s/ Michael Hennen By: /s/ Alok Gaur

Name: Michael Hennen Name: Alok Gaur

Title: Chief Operating Officer Title: Global Head of Capital Raising

By: /s/ Bethany Oleynick By: /s/ Barry Breen

Name: Bethany Oleynick Name: Barry Breen

Title: Legal Director and Secretary Title: Director, Chief Compliance Officer

[Signature Page to EQT
Private Equity Company LLC Dealer-Manager Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>g940604g0325083411957.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>