<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-001851.txt : 20250113
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-001851.hdr.sgml : 20250113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250113062018
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-001851
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241226
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001648087
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FABRICATED METAL PRODUCTS [3490]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				473892903
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41267
		FILM NUMBER:		25524687

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5115 MARYLAND WAY
		STREET 2:		STE. 303
		CITY:			BRENTWOOD
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37027
		BUSINESS PHONE:		833-267-3235

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5115 MARYLAND WAY
		STREET 2:		STE. 303
		CITY:			BRENTWOOD
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37027

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CUBESCAPE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150714
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000164808700016480872024-12-262024-12-260001648087AREB:CommonStock0.001ParValueMember2024-12-262024-12-260001648087AREB:CommonStockPurchaseWarrantsMember2024-12-262024-12-26iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported) December 26, 2024

AMERICAN
REBEL HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-41267 47-3892903

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

5115
Maryland Way, Suite 303

Brentwood,
Tennessee 

37027

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (833)267-3235

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.001 par value AREB The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Common
Stock Purchase Warrants AREBW The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as dened in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised nancial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Silverback
Capital Settlement and Stipulation

On
December 26, 2024, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement and Stipulation (the Settlement Agreement) with Silverback
Capital Corporation (SCC) to settle outstanding claims owed to SCC. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, SCC has agreed
to purchase certain outstanding payables between the Company and designated vendors of the Company totaling $1,843,595.18 (the Payables)
and will exchange such Payables for a settlement amount payable in shares of common stock of the Company (the Settlement Shares).
The Settlement Shares shall be priced at 75% of the average of the three lowest traded prices during the five trading day period prior
to a share request, which is subject to a floor price. In the event the Companys market price decreases to or below $1.00 per
share, then either the Company or SCC may declare a default. SCC has agreed that it will not become the beneficial owner of more than
4.99% of common stock of the Company at any point in time. Further, the Settlement Agreement provides that Settlement Shares may not
be issued to SCC if such issuance would exceed 19.9% of the outstanding common stock as of the date of the Settlement Agreement, until
such time as the Settlement Agreement is approved by the Companys stockholders. The Settlement Agreement and the issuance of the
Settlement Shares was approved by the Circuit Court of the Twelfth Judicial Circuit Court for Manatee County, Florida (the Court)
on January 3, 2025 (Case No. 2024 CA 2116). The Court entered an Order confirming the fairness of the terms and conditions of the Settlement
Agreement and the issuance of the Settlement Shares.

The
foregoing description of the Settlement Agreement and of all of the parties rights and obligations under the Settlement Agreement
are qualified in its entirety by reference to the Settlement Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report
on Form 8-K, and of which is incorporated herein by reference.

OID
Notes

On
January 10, 2025, the Company entered into two six-month promissory notes with accredited investors (the Lenders) in the
principal amounts of $617,100 (Note 1) and $123,420 (Note 2). An original issue discount of $117,100 was
applied to Note 1 and $23,420 was applied to Note 2 on the issuance date and was paid through the issuance of 15,613 (Note 1) and 3,123
(Note 2) shares of the Companys Series D Convertible Preferred Stock to the Lenders, resulting in net loan proceeds to the Company
of $500,000 (Note 1) and $100,000 (Note 2). Accrued, unpaid interest and outstanding principal, subject to adjustment, is required to
be paid on or before July 10, 2025 (a total payback to the Lender of $537,500 (Note 1) and $107,500 (Note 2)).

Upon
the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, the Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company
will be obligated to pay to the Lenders, in full satisfaction of its obligations, an amount equal to 130% times the sum of (w) the then
outstanding principal amount of the Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of the Note to the date
of payment plus (y) any amounts owed to the Lender pursuant to the conversion rights referenced below.

2

At
any time after the issuance date of the Notes, the Lenders may convert the outstanding unpaid principal amount of the Notes into restricted
shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company at $7.50 per share, or upon the sale of common stock below $1.50 per share,
the Lenders have the ability to convert the outstanding amounts of the Notes into shares of common stock at the lowest price sold prior
to the registration of the common stock. Each Lender agreed to limit the amount of stock received to less than 4.99% of the total outstanding
common stock. There are no warrants or other derivatives attached to these Notes. The Company granted the Lenders piggy-back registration
rights on the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. The Company agreed to reserve
a number of shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, and common stock issuable upon conversion thereof, equal to three times the
number of shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, and common stock issuable upon conversion thereof, which may be issuable upon
conversion of the Notes at all times.

The
foregoing descriptions of Note 1 and Note 2 and of all of the parties rights and obligations under the respective Notes are qualified
in their entirety by reference to the Notes, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 10.2 and 10.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K,
and of which are incorporated herein by reference.

Item
2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation Under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The
information set forth above in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
3.02 Sale of Unregistered Securities. 

In
connection with the SCC Settlement Agreement discussed in Item 1.01 above, on January 6, 2025, SCC requested the issuance of 78,000 shares
of Common Stock to SCC, representing a payment of approximately $99,645, plus 15,000 shares of Common Stock as a settlement fee. The
issuance of the Settlement Shares is in process with the Companys transfer agent and is being made in reliance upon the exemption
from registration provided by Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which exempts from registration any securities
issued in exchange for one or more outstanding securities, claims or property interests where the terms and conditions of such issuance
and exchange are approved by a court of competent jurisdiction after a hearing upon the fairness of such terms and conditions at which
all persons to whom it is proposed to issue securities in such exchange have the right to appear.

On
December 29, 2024, the Company authorized the issuance of 50,000 shares of common stock to Corey Lambrecht, the Companys COO and
a director, upon the conversion of 100 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock.

On
January 10, 2025, the Company authorized the issuance of 15,613 (Note 1) and 3,123 (Note 2) shares of the Companys Series D Convertible
Preferred Stock to the Lenders pursuant to the OID Notes described in Item 1.01 above.

The
issuance of the shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and Common Stock will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of that Act provided by Section 4(a)(2) thereof. The recipients
are accredited investors or an officer of the Company with the experience and expertise to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment
in securities of the Company and the financial means to bear the risks of such an investment.

3

As
of January 8, 2025, the Company had 1,912,906 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.

Item
7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
January 7, 2025, the Company issued a press release entitled American Rebel Light Beer Rocked Nashvile at their Successful Launch
Party at the Iconic Kid Rocks Big Ass Honky Tonk Rock n Roll Steakhouse. A copy of the press release is attached
hereto as Exhibit 99.1.

On
January 10, 2025, the Company issued a press release entitled American Rebel Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: AREB) Announces Delivery
of Initial Shipment of American Rebel Light Beer to Kentucky Distribution Partner - Clark Distributing Company. A copy of the
press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2.

The
press releases contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements
are necessarily based on certain assumptions and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements
are based on managements expectations as of the date hereof. The Registrant does not undertake any responsibility for the adequacy,
accuracy or completeness or to update any of these statements in the future. Actual future performance and results could differ from
that contained in or suggested by these forward-looking statements.

The
information in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), nor shall it be deemed incorporated
by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof,
except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference to Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K in such a filing.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)Exhibits.

Exhibit
Number Description

10.1 Silverback Capital Settlement Agreement and Stipulation dated December 26, 2024

10.2 $617,100 OID Note 1 dated January 10, 2025

10.3 $123,420 OID Note 2 dated January 10, 2025

99.1 Kid Rocks Launch Party Press Release dated January 7, 2025

99.2 Kentucky Distributor Press Release dated January 10, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File

4

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS, INC.

Date:
January 13, 2025 By: 
/s/ Charles A. Ross, Jr.

Charles
A. Ross, Jr.

Chief
Executive Officer

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

THIS
NOTE AND THE SHARES ISSUABLE IN THIS NOTE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES
LAWS. THIS NOTE AND THE SHARES ISSUABLE IN THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AS TO THIS NOTE UNDER SAID ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY
SATISFACTORY TO AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS, INC. THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

OID
NOTE

Issuance Date: January 10, 2025 Gross Principal Amount: $617,100.00

Minus
OID Paid In Shares of Preferred Stock: $117,100.00

Net
Principal Amount to be Repaid: $500,000.00

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Borrower), hereby promises to pay
to Bakay Capital Fund, LP (the Holder) or its registered assigns or successors in interest, on order, the
sum of Six Hundred Seventeen Thousand One Hundred Dollars ($617,100.00) (the Principal Amount), which includes
the original issue discount set forth in Section 7 below that is being paid through the issuance of shares of the Borrowers Series
D Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock), together with any accrued and unpaid interest hereon, on July
10, 2025 (the Maturity Date) if not sooner paid.

The
following terms shall apply to this Note:

1.
Interest Rate. Interest payable on this Note shall accrue on the Issuance Date and shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day
year and actual days elapsed at a rate per annum (the Interest Rate) equal to 15% per annum. Interest on the Principal
Amount shall be payable in full on the Maturity Date, whether by acceleration or otherwise.

2.
Balloon Payment. Accrued, unpaid Interest and outstanding principal, subject to adjustment, shall be paid in one lump sum of Five
Hundred Thirty-Seven Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($537,500) on or before the Maturity Date. The Company shall have a thirty (30) day
grace period with respect to Maturity Date payment. Payment shall be made by bank wire transfer to the Holders wire instructions,
attached hereto as Exhibit A. For the avoidance of doubt, a missed payment shall be considered an Event of Default, subject to the cure
period set forth above.

3.
Borrower Redemption of Principal Amount. Upon five (5) business days written notice, the Borrower will have the option
of prepaying the outstanding Principal Amount, in whole or in part, by paying to the Holder a sum of money equal to one hundred twenty-five
percent (125%) of the Principal Amount to be redeemed, together with accrued but unpaid Interest thereon and any and all other sums due,
accrued or payable to the Holder arising under this Note. During the notice period, Holder shall have the option of converting this Note,
in whole or in part, pursuant to Section 5 hereof.

1

4.
Issuance of Replacement Note. Upon any partial repayment of this Note, a replacement Note containing the same date and provisions
of this Note shall, at the written request of the Holder, be issued by the Borrower to the Holder for the outstanding Principal Amount
of this Note and accrued Interest which shall not have been paid.

5.
Conversion Right. At any time after the Issuance Date of this Note, the Holder shall have the right to convert all or any part
of the outstanding and unpaid amount of this Note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Preferred Stock, as such Preferred Stock
exists on the Issuance Date, or shares of Common Stock if the provisions of Section 5(e)(iv) are enacted, or any shares of capital stock
or other securities of the Borrower into which such Preferred Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified at the conversion price
determined as provided herein (a Conversion); provided, however, that in no event shall the Holder be entitled to
convert any portion of this Note in excess of that portion of this Note upon conversion of which the sum of (1) the number of shares
of Preferred or Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed
beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion of this Note or the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other
security of the Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitations contained herein) and (2) the
number of shares of Preferred Stock issuable upon the conversion of the portion of this Note with respect to which the determination
of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and Regulations
13D-G thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such proviso. The beneficial ownership The beneficial ownership limitations
on conversion as set forth in the section may NOT be waived by the Holder. The number of shares of Preferred Stock to be issued upon
each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price
then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Notice of Conversion),
delivered to the Borrower by the Holder in accordance with Section 5(c) below; provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by
facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the Borrower before 6:00 p.m., New
York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion Date); however, if the Notice of Conversion is sent
after 6:00pm, New York, New York time the Conversion Date shall be the next business day. The term Conversion Amount
means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion
plus (2) at the Holders option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such principal amount at the interest rates provided in
this Note to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holders option, any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Section 5(c) hereof.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, and in addition to the limitations set forth herein, if the Borrower has
not obtained Stockholder Approval, the Borrower shall not issue a number of shares of Common Stock under this Agreement, which when aggregated
with all other securities that are required to be aggregated for purposes of Rule 5635(d), would exceed 19.99% of the shares of Common
Stock outstanding as of the date of definitive agreement with respect to the first of such aggregated transactions (the Conversion
Limitation). For purposes of this section, Stockholder Approval means such approval as may be required
by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (or any successor entity) from the stockholders of the Company
with respect to the issuance of the shares under this Agreement that, when taken together with any other securities that are required
to be aggregated with the issuance of the shares issued under this Agreement for purposes of Rule 5635(d) of the Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC (Rule 5635(d)), would exceed 19.99% of the issued and outstanding common stock as of the date of definitive
agreement with respect to the first of such aggregated transactions. Principal Market means the Exchanges, the quotation
platforms maintained by the OTC Markets Group or an equivalent replacement exchange, and all rules and regulations relating to such exchange.
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 6 hereof, the Conversion Limitation shall no longer apply to limit the
issuance of shares in conversion of this Note.

2

(a)
Conversion Price. The Conversion Price shall mean $7.50 per share.

(b)
Authorized Shares. The Borrower covenants that during the period that the Note is outstanding, the Borrower will reserve from
its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of Preferred
Stock upon the full conversion of this Note. The Borrower is required at all times to have authorized and reserved three times the number
of shares that is actually issuable upon full conversion of the Note (based on the Conversion Price of the Note in effect from time to
time initially 230,000 shares of Preferred Stock and 1,150,000 shares of Common Stock such shares are convertible into) (the Reserved
Amount). The Reserved Amount shall be increased (or decreased) from time to time (and in the case of each payment received
by the Holder hereunder) in accordance with the Borrowers obligations hereunder. The Borrower represents that upon issuance, such
shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. In addition, if the Borrower shall issue any securities or make
any change to its capital structure which would change the number of shares of Preferred Stock into which this Note shall be convertible
at the then current Conversion Price, the Borrower shall at the same time make proper provision so that thereafter there shall be a sufficient
number of shares of Preferred Stock authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, for conversion of the outstanding Note. The
Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of the Preferred Stock, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and
agents who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for shares of Preferred
Stock, and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock, in accordance with the terms and conditions of
this Note.

(c)
Method of Conversion.

(i)
Mechanics of Conversion. As set forth in Section 5 hereof, at any time following the Issuance Date or within the redemption
notice period set forth in Section 3 hereof, the balance due pursuant to this Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part
by (A) submitting to the Borrower a Notice of Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication dispatched
on the Conversion Date prior to 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time) and (B) subject to Section 4.5(c)(ii), surrendering this Note at
the principal office of the Borrower (upon payment in full of any amounts owed hereunder).

3

(ii)
Surrender of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note
in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire
unpaid principal amount of this Note is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the principal amount
so converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower,
so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion.

(iii)
Delivery of Preferred Stock Upon Conversion. Upon receipt by the Borrower from the Holder of a facsimile transmission or
e-mail (or other reasonable means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in
this Section 5(c), the Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates
for the Preferred Stock issuable upon such conversion within three (3) business days after such receipt subject to the terms hereof and
applicable rules of the Principal Market (as defined hereinbelow) (the Deadline) (and, solely in the case of conversion
of the entire unpaid principal amount hereof, surrender of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof. Upon receipt by the Borrower
of a Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Preferred Stock issuable upon such conversion,
the outstanding principal amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest on this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion,
and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations hereunder, all rights with respect to the portion of this Note being so converted
shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Preferred Stock or other securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided,
on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrowers obligation to issue
and deliver the certificates for Preferred Stock shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the
Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person
or any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record,
or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to
the Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in
connection with such conversion.

4

(iv)
Delivery of Common Stock by Electronic Transfer. In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Preferred
Stock issuable upon conversion, or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Preferred Stock, provided the Borrower is participating
in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST) program, upon
request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions set forth herein, the Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer
agent to electronically transmit the Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion, or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of Preferred Stock, to the Holder by crediting the account of Holders Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit and Withdrawal
at Custodian (DWAC) system.

(v)
Failure to Deliver Preferred Stock Prior to Deadline. Without in any way limiting the Holders right to pursue other
remedies, including actual damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if delivery of the Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion
of this Note, or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Preferred Stock, is not delivered by the Deadline due to willful
and purposeful action and/or inaction of the Borrower, the Borrower shall pay to the Holder $200 per day in cash, for each day beyond
the Deadline that the Borrower fails to deliver such Preferred Stock (the Fail to Deliver Fee); provided; however
that the Fail to Deliver Fee shall not be due if the failure is a result of a third party (i.e., transfer agent; and not the result of
any failure to pay such transfer agent) despite the best efforts of the Borrower to effect delivery of such Preferred Stock. Such cash
amount shall be paid to Holder by the fifteenth day of the month following the month in which it has accrued or, at the option of the
Holder (by written notice to the Borrower by the first day of the month following the month in which it has accrued), shall be added
to the principal amount of this Note, in which event interest shall accrue thereon in accordance with the terms of this Note and such
additional principal amount shall be convertible into Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms of this Note. The Borrower agrees
that the right to convert is a valuable right to the Holder. The damages resulting from a failure, attempt to frustrate, interference
with such conversion right are difficult if not impossible to qualify. Accordingly, the parties acknowledge that the liquidated damages
provision contained in this Section 5(c)(v) are justified.

(d)
Concerning the Shares. The shares of Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, or the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of Preferred Stock, may not be sold or transferred unless: (i) such shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion
shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that the shares to
be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration (such as Rule 144 or a successor rule)
(Rule 144); or (iii) such shares are transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower
who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 5(d) and who is an accredited investor
as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D.

5

Any
restrictive legend on certificates representing shares of Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, or the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of Preferred Stock, shall be removed and the Borrower shall issue to the Holder a new certificate therefore
free of any transfer legend if the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have received an opinion of counsel from Holders counsel,
in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect that (i) a public sale or transfer
of such Preferred Stock, or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Preferred Stock, may be made without registration
under the Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected; or (ii) in the case of the Preferred
Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Preferred Stock, such security
is registered for sale by the Holder under an effective registration statement filed under the Act; or otherwise may be sold pursuant
to an exemption from registration.

(e)
Effect of Certain Events.

(i)
Effect of Merger, Consolidation, Etc. At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Borrower, the effectuation by the Borrower of a transaction or series of related transactions in which more
than 50% of the voting power of the Borrower is disposed of, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower
with or into any other Person (as defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall be deemed to be an Event of Default
(as defined in Section 6) pursuant to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition
to such transaction an amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined in Section 6). Person shall mean any individual,
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization.

(ii)
Adjustment Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc. If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion
of all of the Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar
event, as a result of which shares of Preferred or Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number
of shares of another class or classes of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance
of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower,
then the Holder of this Note shall thereafter have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms
and conditions specified herein and in lieu of the shares of Preferred or Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion,
such stock, securities or assets which the Holder would have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted
in full immediately prior to such transaction (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case
appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions
hereof (including, without limitation, provisions for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion
of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable
upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower shall not affect any transaction described in this Section 5(e)(ii) unless (a) it first gives,
to the extent practicable, ten (10) days prior written notice (but in any event at least five (5) days prior written notice) of the record
date of the special meeting of stockholders to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation,
exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be
entitled to convert this Note) and (b) the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument
the obligations of this Note. The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share
exchanges.

(iii)
Adjustment Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire
its assets) to holders of Preferred or Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including
any dividend or distribution to the Borrowers stockholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of
a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off)) (a Distribution), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion
of this Note after the date of record for determining stockholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets
which would have been payable to the Holder with respect to the shares of Preferred or Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had
such Holder been the holder of such shares of Preferred or Common Stock on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled
to such Distribution.

(iv)
Adjustment Due to Sale of Common Stock. If the Borrower shall at any time prior to the shares of Preferred Stock being
registered under the Securities Act pursuant to Section 16 hereof, while this Note is outstanding, issue any shares of Common Stock or
Common Stock Equivalents (Common Stock Equivalent means any convertible note, warrant, option or other right to
receive or subscribe for or purchase any additional shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalent), in a transaction executed
after the Issue Date of this Note for a consideration per share that is less than $1.50 per share (the Lower Priced Securities)
then in such event the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note into shares of Common Stock at a per share price equal to the same
as the Lower Priced Securities.

6

6.
Events of Default. Upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default beyond any applicable grace period, the Holder may
make all sums of Principal, Interest and other fees then remaining unpaid hereon and all other amounts payable hereunder immediately
due and payable. In the event of such an acceleration, the amount due and owing to the Holder shall be 130% of the outstanding Principal
amount of the Note (plus accrued and unpaid Interest and fees, if any) (the Default Payment). The Default Payment
shall be first applied to accrued and unpaid Interest due on the Note and then to outstanding Principal balance of the Note.

The
occurrence of any of the following events is an Event of Default:

i.
Failure
to Pay Principal, Interest or other Fees. The Borrower fails to pay when due any installment of Principal or Interest hereon
in accordance herewith, and such failure shall continue for a period of thirty (30) days following the date upon which any such payment
was due.

ii.
Receiver
or Trustee. The Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or consent to the appointment of
a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business; or such a receiver or trustee shall otherwise
be appointed.

iii.
Judgments.
Any money judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against the Borrower or its property or other assets
for more than $2,000,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of thirty (30) days.

iv.
Bankruptcy.
Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings or relief under any bankruptcy law or any
law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower.

v.
Failure
to Register Shares of Common Stock. The Borrower shall fail to register the shares of Common Stock underlying the conversion
of the Preferred Stock within ninety (90) days of the Issue Date of this Note, as set forth in Section 16 hereof, subject to a thirty
(30) day cure period.

7.
Original Issue Discount. The Holder fully funds this Note upon transfer of $500,000 to Borrower at closing. The difference between
the amount transferred by the Holder to the Borrower and the Principal Amount of this Note is the Original Issue Discount, which the
Borrower shall pay by issuing the Holder 15,613 shares of Preferred Stock, which shall be issued in the name of Holder within
five (5) business days of the closing and funding of this Note.

8.
No Short Selling. The Holder and any of its affiliates will not engage in any short sales with respect to the Common Stock of
the Borrower during the term of this Note.

7

9.
Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder hereof in the exercise of any power, right or
privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege
preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are
cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

10.
Notices. Any notice herein required or permitted to be given shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (a) upon
personal delivery to the party notified, (b) when sent by confirmed facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient,
if not, then on the next business day, (c) five days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid, or (d) one day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written
verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the Borrower at: American Rebel Holdings, Inc., 5115 Maryland Way, Suite
303, Brentwood, TN 37027, email: info@americanrebel.com and to the Holder at the address and email set forth on the signature
page of this Note, or at such other address as the Borrower or the Holder may designate by ten (10) days advance written notice to the
other parties hereto.

11.
Amendment Provision. The term Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean
this instrument as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented, and any successor instrument
issued hereunder, as it may be amended or supplemented.

12.
Assignability. This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of
the Holder and its successors and assigns, and may not be assigned by the Borrower without the consent of the Holder.

13. Governing
Law. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to
principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement shall be brought only in the state courts of Nevada or in the federal courts located in the State of Nevada. Both
parties agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party
its reasonable attorneys fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any
applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and
shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable
under any law shall not affect the validity or unenforceability of any other provision of this Note. Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Borrower in any other
jurisdiction to collect on the Borrowers obligations to Holder, to realize on any collateral or any other security for such
obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court in favor of the Holder.

14.
Construction. Each party acknowledges that its legal counsel participated in the preparation of this Note and, therefore, stipulates
that the rule of construction that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be applied in the interpretation
of this Note to favor any party against the other.

8

15.
Usury. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing
usury, the applicable provision shall automatically be revised to equal the maximum rate of interest or other amount deemed interest
permitted under applicable law. The Borrower covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not seek to claim or take
advantage of any law that would prohibit or forgive the Borrower from paying all or a portion of the principal or interest on this Note.

16.
Piggy-Back Registration Rights. Holder is hereby granted piggy-back registration rights on the shares of Common Stock underlying
the Preferred Stock issued or issuable pursuant to this Note for any registration statement the Borrower files under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, except for Forms S-8, S-3 or as otherwise prohibited by an underwriter or placement agent for the Borrowers
securities

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name effective as of this 10th day of January,
2025.

AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Charles A. Ross, Jr.

Charles A. Ross, Jr., CEO/President

HOLDER: 

Bakay Capital Fund, LP 

By: /s/ Berke Bakay 

Berke Bakay 

Its: Manager 

Address: 888 Prospect St 

Suite 200, La Jolla, CA. 92037 

Email: berke@bakaycapitalmanagement.com 

9

EXHIBIT
A

NOTICE
OF CONVERSION 

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert $_________________principal amount of the Note (defined below) together with $________________ of
accrued and unpaid interest thereto, totaling $_____________ into that number of shares of Series
D Convertible Preferred Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note (Preferred Stock) as set
forth below, of American Rebel Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Borrower), according to the conditions
of the convertible note of the Borrower dated as of January 10, 2025 (the Note), as of the date written below. No
fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any.

Box
Checked as to applicable instructions:

[ ] The Borrower shall electronically transmit
the Preferred Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned or its nominee with DTC through
its Deposit Withdrawal At Custodian system (DWAC Transfer).

Name of DTC Broker:

Account Number:

[ ] The undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower
issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Preferred Stock set forth below (which numbers are based on the Holders
calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto:

Name:
[NAME]

Address:
[ADDRESS]

Date of Conversion: 

Applicable Conversion Price: $ 

Number of
Shares of Preferred Stock to be Issued Pursuant to Conversion of the Note: 

Amount
of Principal Balance Due remaining Under the Note after this conversion: $ 

Accrued and unpaid interest remaining: $ 

[HOLDER] 

By: 

Name: [NAME] 

Title: [TITLE] 

Date: [DATE] 

A-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

THIS
NOTE AND THE SHARES ISSUABLE IN THIS NOTE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES
LAWS. THIS NOTE AND THE SHARES ISSUABLE IN THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AS TO THIS NOTE UNDER SAID ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY
SATISFACTORY TO AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS, INC. THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

OID
NOTE

Issuance Date: January 10, 2025 Gross Principal Amount: $123,420.00

Minus
OID Paid In Shares of Preferred Stock: $23,420.00

Net
Principal Amount to be Repaid: $100,000.00

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Borrower), hereby promises to pay
to Kingdom Building Inc. (the Holder) or its registered assigns or successors in interest, on order, the
sum of One Hundred Twenty-Three Thousand Four Hundred Twenty Dollars ($123,420.00) (the Principal Amount),
which includes the original issue discount set forth in Section 7 below that is being paid through the issuance of shares of the Borrowers
Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock), together with any accrued and unpaid interest hereon,
on July 10, 2025 (the Maturity Date) if not sooner paid.

The
following terms shall apply to this Note:

1. Interest
Rate. Interest payable on this Note shall accrue on the Issuance Date and shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and actual
days elapsed at a rate per annum (the Interest Rate) equal to 15% per annum. Interest on the Principal Amount shall
be payable in full on the Maturity Date, whether by acceleration or otherwise.

2. Balloon
Payment. Accrued, unpaid Interest and outstanding principal, subject to adjustment, shall be paid in one lump sum of One Hundred
Seven Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($107,500) on or before the Maturity Date. The Company shall have a thirty (30) day grace period
with respect to Maturity Date payment. Payment shall be made by bank wire transfer to the Holders wire instructions, attached
hereto as Exhibit A. For the avoidance of doubt, a missed payment shall be considered an Event of Default, subject to the cure period
set forth above.

3. Borrower
Redemption of Principal Amount. Upon five (5) business days written notice, the Borrower will have the option of prepaying
the outstanding Principal Amount, in whole or in part, by paying to the Holder a sum of money equal to one hundred twenty-five percent
(125%) of the Principal Amount to be redeemed, together with accrued but unpaid Interest thereon and any and all other sums due, accrued
or payable to the Holder arising under this Note. During the notice period, Holder shall have the option of converting this Note, in
whole or in part, pursuant to Section 5 hereof.

1

4. Issuance
of Replacement Note. Upon any partial repayment of this Note, a replacement Note containing the same date and provisions of this
Note shall, at the written request of the Holder, be issued by the Borrower to the Holder for the outstanding Principal Amount of this
Note and accrued Interest which shall not have been paid.

5. Conversion
Right. At any time after the Issuance Date of this Note, the Holder shall have the right to convert all or any part of the outstanding
and unpaid amount of this Note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Preferred Stock, as such Preferred Stock exists on the Issuance
Date, or shares of Common Stock if the provisions of Section 5(e)(iv) are enacted, or any shares of capital stock or other securities
of the Borrower into which such Preferred Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified at the conversion price determined as provided
herein (a Conversion); provided, however, that in no event shall the Holder be entitled to convert any portion of
this Note in excess of that portion of this Note upon conversion of which the sum of (1) the number of shares of Preferred or Common
Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through
the ownership of the unconverted portion of this Note or the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other security of the Borrower
subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitations contained herein) and (2) the number of shares of Preferred
Stock issuable upon the conversion of the portion of this Note with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being made,
would result in beneficial ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. For
purposes of the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and Regulations 13D-G thereunder, except
as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such proviso. The beneficial ownership The beneficial ownership limitations on conversion as set
forth in the section may NOT be waived by the Holder. The number of shares of Preferred Stock to be issued upon each conversion of this
Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect on the
date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Notice of Conversion),
delivered to the Borrower by the Holder in accordance with Section 5(c) below; provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by
facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the Borrower before 6:00 p.m., New
York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion Date); however, if the Notice of Conversion is sent
after 6:00pm, New York, New York time the Conversion Date shall be the next business day. The term Conversion Amount
means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion
plus (2) at the Holders option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such principal amount at the interest rates provided in
this Note to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holders option, any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Section 5(c) hereof.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, and in addition to the limitations set forth herein, if the Borrower has
not obtained Stockholder Approval, the Borrower shall not issue a number of shares of Common Stock under this Agreement, which when aggregated
with all other securities that are required to be aggregated for purposes of Rule 5635(d), would exceed 19.99% of the shares of Common
Stock outstanding as of the date of definitive agreement with respect to the first of such aggregated transactions (the Conversion
Limitation). For purposes of this section, Stockholder Approval means such approval as may be required
by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (or any successor entity) from the stockholders of the Company
with respect to the issuance of the shares under this Agreement that, when taken together with any other securities that are required
to be aggregated with the issuance of the shares issued under this Agreement for purposes of Rule 5635(d) of the Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC (Rule 5635(d)), would exceed 19.99% of the issued and outstanding common stock as of the date of definitive
agreement with respect to the first of such aggregated transactions. Principal Market means the Exchanges, the quotation
platforms maintained by the OTC Markets Group or an equivalent replacement exchange, and all rules and regulations relating to such exchange.
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 6 hereof, the Conversion Limitation shall no longer apply to limit the
issuance of shares in conversion of this Note.

2

(a) Conversion
Price. The Conversion Price shall mean $7.50 per share.

(b) Authorized
Shares. The Borrower covenants that during the period that the Note is outstanding, the Borrower will reserve from its authorized
and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of Preferred Stock
upon the full conversion of this Note. The Borrower is required at all times to have authorized and reserved three times the number of
shares that is actually issuable upon full conversion of the Note (based on the Conversion Price of the Note in effect from time to time
initially 43,000 shares of Preferred Stock and 215,000 shares of Common Stock such shares are convertible into) (the Reserved
Amount). The Reserved Amount shall be increased (or decreased) from time to time (and in the case of each payment received
by the Holder hereunder) in accordance with the Borrowers obligations hereunder. The Borrower represents that upon issuance, such
shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. In addition, if the Borrower shall issue any securities or make
any change to its capital structure which would change the number of shares of Preferred Stock into which this Note shall be convertible
at the then current Conversion Price, the Borrower shall at the same time make proper provision so that thereafter there shall be a sufficient
number of shares of Preferred Stock authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, for conversion of the outstanding Note. The
Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of the Preferred Stock, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and
agents who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for shares of Preferred
Stock, and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock, in accordance with the terms and conditions of
this Note.

(c) Method
of Conversion.

(i) Mechanics
of Conversion. As set forth in Section 5 hereof, at any time following the Issuance Date or within the redemption notice period
set forth in Section 3 hereof, the balance due pursuant to this Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part by (A) submitting
to the Borrower a Notice of Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication dispatched on the Conversion
Date prior to 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time) and (B) subject to Section 4.5(c)(ii), surrendering this Note at the principal office
of the Borrower (upon payment in full of any amounts owed hereunder).

3

(ii) Surrender
of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance
with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid principal
amount of this Note is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the principal amount so converted and
the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as not to require
physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion.

(iii) Delivery
of Preferred Stock Upon Conversion. Upon receipt by the Borrower from the Holder of a facsimile transmission or e-mail (or other
reasonable means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section 5(c),
the Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for the Preferred
Stock issuable upon such conversion within three (3) business days after such receipt subject to the terms hereof and applicable rules
of the Principal Market (as defined hereinbelow) (the Deadline) (and, solely in the case of conversion of the entire
unpaid principal amount hereof, surrender of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof. Upon receipt by the Borrower of a Notice
of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Preferred Stock issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding
principal amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest on this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless
the Borrower defaults on its obligations hereunder, all rights with respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith
terminate except the right to receive the Preferred Stock or other securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such conversion.
If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrowers obligation to issue and deliver the certificates
for Preferred Stock shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the same,
any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to enforce
the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim,
recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the Borrower, and irrespective
of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in connection with such conversion.

4

(iv) Delivery
of Common Stock by Electronic Transfer. In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Preferred Stock issuable
upon conversion, or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Preferred Stock, provided the Borrower is participating in
the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST) program, upon
request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions set forth herein, the Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer
agent to electronically transmit the Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion, or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of Preferred Stock, to the Holder by crediting the account of Holders Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit and Withdrawal
at Custodian (DWAC) system.

(v) Failure
to Deliver Preferred Stock Prior to Deadline. Without in any way limiting the Holders right to pursue other remedies,
including actual damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if delivery of the Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion
of this Note, or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Preferred Stock, is not delivered by the Deadline due to willful
and purposeful action and/or inaction of the Borrower, the Borrower shall pay to the Holder $200 per day in cash, for each day beyond
the Deadline that the Borrower fails to deliver such Preferred Stock (the Fail to Deliver Fee); provided; however
that the Fail to Deliver Fee shall not be due if the failure is a result of a third party (i.e., transfer agent; and not the result of
any failure to pay such transfer agent) despite the best efforts of the Borrower to effect delivery of such Preferred Stock. Such cash
amount shall be paid to Holder by the fifteenth day of the month following the month in which it has accrued or, at the option of the
Holder (by written notice to the Borrower by the first day of the month following the month in which it has accrued), shall be added
to the principal amount of this Note, in which event interest shall accrue thereon in accordance with the terms of this Note and such
additional principal amount shall be convertible into Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms of this Note. The Borrower agrees
that the right to convert is a valuable right to the Holder. The damages resulting from a failure, attempt to frustrate, interference
with such conversion right are difficult if not impossible to qualify. Accordingly, the parties acknowledge that the liquidated damages
provision contained in this Section 5(c)(v) are justified.

(d) Concerning
the Shares. The shares of Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of Preferred Stock, may not be sold or transferred unless: (i) such shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under
the Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be in form,
substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that the shares to be sold or transferred
may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration (such as Rule 144 or a successor rule) (Rule 144);
or (iii) such shares are transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise
transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 5(d) and who is an accredited investor as that term is defined
in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D.

5

Any
restrictive legend on certificates representing shares of Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, or the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of Preferred Stock, shall be removed and the Borrower shall issue to the Holder a new certificate therefore
free of any transfer legend if the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have received an opinion of counsel from Holders counsel,
in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect that (i) a public sale or transfer
of such Preferred Stock, or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Preferred Stock, may be made without registration
under the Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected; or (ii) in the case of the Preferred
Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Preferred Stock, such security
is registered for sale by the Holder under an effective registration statement filed under the Act; or otherwise may be sold pursuant
to an exemption from registration.

(e) Effect
of Certain Events.

(i) Effect
of Merger, Consolidation, Etc. At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Borrower, the effectuation by the Borrower of a transaction or series of related transactions in which more than 50%
of the voting power of the Borrower is disposed of, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with or
into any other Person (as defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall be deemed to be an Event of Default (as
defined in Section 6) pursuant to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition
to such transaction an amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined in Section 6). Person shall mean any individual,
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization.

(ii) Adjustment
Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc. If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of
the Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as
a result of which shares of Preferred or Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares
of another class or classes of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the
Holder of this Note shall thereafter have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions
specified herein and in lieu of the shares of Preferred or Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock,
securities or assets which the Holder would have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately
prior to such transaction (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions
shall be made with respect to the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without
limitation, provisions for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall
thereafter be applicable, as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion
hereof. The Borrower shall not affect any transaction described in this Section 5(e)(ii) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable,
ten (10) days prior written notice (but in any event at least five (5) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting
of stockholders to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares,
recapitalization, reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert
this Note) and (b) the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of
this Note. The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges.

6

(iii) Adjustment
Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to
holders of Preferred or Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend
or distribution to the Borrowers stockholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary
(i.e., a spin-off)) (a Distribution), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this
Note after the date of record for determining stockholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which
would have been payable to the Holder with respect to the shares of Preferred or Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such
Holder been the holder of such shares of Preferred or Common Stock on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled
to such Distribution.

(iv) Adjustment
Due to Sale of Common Stock. If the Borrower shall at any time prior to the shares of Preferred Stock being registered under
the Securities Act pursuant to Section 16 hereof, while this Note is outstanding, issue any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
(Common Stock Equivalent means any convertible note, warrant, option or other right to receive or subscribe for
or purchase any additional shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalent), in a transaction executed after the Issue Date of
this Note for a consideration per share that is less than $1.50 per share (the Lower Priced Securities) then in
such event the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note into shares of Common Stock at a per share price equal to the same as the
Lower Priced Securities.

6. Events
of Default. Upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default beyond any applicable grace period, the Holder may make all
sums of Principal, Interest and other fees then remaining unpaid hereon and all other amounts payable hereunder immediately due and payable.
In the event of such an acceleration, the amount due and owing to the Holder shall be 130% of the outstanding Principal amount of the
Note (plus accrued and unpaid Interest and fees, if any) (the Default Payment). The Default Payment shall be first
applied to accrued and unpaid Interest due on the Note and then to outstanding Principal balance of the Note.

The
occurrence of any of the following events is an Event of Default:

i. Failure
to Pay Principal, Interest or other Fees. The Borrower fails to pay when due any installment
of Principal or Interest hereon in accordance herewith, and such failure shall continue for
a period of thirty (30) days following the date upon which any such payment was due.

ii. Receiver
or Trustee. The Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply
for or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part
of its property or business; or such a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed.

iii. Judgments.
Any money judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against the Borrower
or its property or other assets for more than $2,000,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded
or unstayed for a period of thirty (30) days.

iv. Bankruptcy.
Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings or
relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted
by or against the Borrower.

v. Failure
to Register Shares of Common Stock. The Borrower shall fail to register the shares of
Common Stock underlying the conversion of the Preferred Stock within ninety (90) days of
the Issue Date of this Note, as set forth in Section 16 hereof, subject to a thirty (30)
day cure period.

7. Original
Issue Discount. The Holder fully funds this Note upon transfer of $100,000 to Borrower at closing. The difference between the amount
transferred by the Holder to the Borrower and the Principal Amount of this Note is the Original Issue Discount, which the Borrower shall
pay by issuing the Holder 3,123 shares of Preferred Stock, which shall be issued in the name of Holder within five (5) business
days of the closing and funding of this Note.

8. No
Short Selling. The Holder and any of its affiliates will not engage in any short sales with respect to the Common Stock of the Borrower
during the term of this Note.

7

9. Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder hereof in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive
of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

10.
Notices. Any notice herein required or permitted to be given shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (a) upon
personal delivery to the party notified, (b) when sent by confirmed facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient,
if not, then on the next business day, (c) five days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid, or (d) one day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written
verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the Borrower at: American Rebel Holdings, Inc., 5115 Maryland Way, Suite
303, Brentwood, TN 37027, email: info@americanrebel.com and to the Holder at the address and email set forth on the signature
page of this Note, or at such other address as the Borrower or the Holder may designate by ten (10) days advance written notice to the
other parties hereto.

11. Amendment
Provision. The term Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument
as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented, and any successor instrument issued
hereunder, as it may be amended or supplemented.

12. Assignability.
This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of the Holder and its successors
and assigns, and may not be assigned by the Borrower without the consent of the Holder.

13. Governing
Law. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to principles
of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
shall be brought only in the state courts of Nevada or in the federal courts located in the State of Nevada. Both parties-agree to submit
to the jurisdiction of such courts. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys
fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law,
then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform
with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity
or unenforceability of any other provision of this Note. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from
bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Borrower in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Borrowers obligations
to Holder, to realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court in favor
of the Holder.

14. Construction.
Each party acknowledges that its legal counsel participated in the preparation of this Note and, therefore, stipulates that the rule
of construction that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be applied in the interpretation of this Note
to favor any party against the other.

8

15. Usury.
If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the
applicable provision shall automatically be revised to equal the maximum rate of interest or other amount deemed interest permitted under
applicable law. The Borrower covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not seek to claim or take advantage of
any law that would prohibit or forgive the Borrower from paying all or a portion of the principal or interest on this Note.

16. Piggy-Back
Registration Rights. Holder is hereby granted piggy-back registration rights on the shares of Common Stock underlying the Preferred
Stock issued or issuable pursuant to this Note for any registration statement the Borrower files under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, except for Forms S-8, S-3 or as otherwise prohibited by an underwriter or placement agent for the Borrowers securities

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name effective as of this 10th day of January,
2025.

AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/
Charles A. Ross, Jr.

Charles A. Ross, Jr., CEO/President

HOLDER: 

Kingdom
Building Inc. 

By: /s/
Ted Haberfield 

Ted Haberfield 

Its: President 

Address: 572
Hidden Ridge Court 

Encinitas,
California 92024 

Email: ted@kingdombuilding.biz 

9

EXHIBIT
A

NOTICE
OF CONVERSION

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert $_________________principal amount of the Note (defined below) together with $________________ of
accrued and unpaid interest thereto, totaling $_____________ into that number of shares of Series
D Convertible Preferred Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note (Preferred Stock) as set
forth below, of American Rebel Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Borrower), according to the conditions
of the convertible note of the Borrower dated as of January 10, 2025 (the Note), as of the date written below. No
fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any.

Box
Checked as to applicable instructions:

[ 
] The
Borrower shall electronically transmit the Preferred Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned
or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal At Custodian system (DWAC Transfer).

Name
of DTC Broker:

Account
Number:

[
] The
undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Preferred Stock set forth
below (which numbers are based on the Holders calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if
additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto:

Name:
[NAME]

Address:
[ADDRESS]

Date of Conversion: 

Applicable Conversion Price: $ 

Number of Shares of Preferred Stock to be Issued Pursuant
to Conversion of the Note: 

Amount of Principal Balance Due remaining Under the
Note after this conversion: $ 

Accrued and unpaid interest remaining: $ 

[HOLDER] 

By: 

Name: [NAME] 

Title: [TITLE] 

Date: [DATE] 

A-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

AMERICAN
REBEL LIGHT BEER ROCKED NASHVILE AT THEIR SUCCESSFUL LAUNCH PARTY AT THE ICONIC KID ROCKS BIG ASS HONKY TONK ROCK N
ROLL STEAKHOUSE.

Nashville,
TN, Jan. 07, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) American Rebel Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: AREB) (American Rebel or the Company),
Americas Patriotic Brand and creator of American Rebel Light Beer (www.americanrebelbeer.com), proudly announced that
American Rebel Light Beer had an unforgettable debut on December 17, 2024 at Kid Rocks Big Ass Honky Tonk and Rock n
Roll Steakhouse (https://www.kidrockshonkytonkandsteakhouse.com) in downtown Nashville. The successful event celebrated the
launch of the beer in Nashville with a night of music, excitement, and patriotic patrons enjoying Americas Patriotic, God-Fearing,
Constitution-Loving, National Anthem-Signing, Stand Your Ground Beer.

The
Nashville launch event brought together beer lovers, music enthusiasts, and celebrities alike, all united by a shared love of freedom
and great beer. Guests were treated to high-energy performances by American Rebel CEO Andy Ross, John Stone ( www.johnstonecountry.com
) and the Trailer Park All-Stars, Kaitlin Walker, and a surprise appearance by special guest Porter Howell from the band Little Texas.
The lively crowd included a star-studded lineup of celebrities, including NASCAR legend Tony Stewart, NHRA drag racing champion Matt
Hagan, and Uncle Kracker, among many others.

We
couldnt have imagined a better way to launch American Rebel Beer in Nashville, said Todd Porter, President of American
Rebel Beverages. The energy in the room, the incredible performances, and the support from so many friends and fans made this
night truly special. Kid Rocks Big Ass Honky Tonk Rock n Roll Steakhouse was the perfect place to kick off our journey
in Nashville.

The
atmosphere was electric, with attendees proudly raising their cans to toast the spirit of God-Fearing, Constitution-Loving, National
Anthem-Singing, Stand Your Ground Beer. It was a very patriotic night where everyone cherished this great nation, reveling in
the taste of freedom that American Rebel Light Beer brings.

Ive
been back to Kid Rocks several times since the event and customers continue to Stand Tall, Stand Proud and Be Loud while enjoying
their American Rebel Light Beer 16oz Tall Boy Cans, said Andy Ross, CEO of American Rebel Holdings, Inc. Each night I go
back, Ive witnessed and joined in with several customers as they proudly raise their American Rebel Light Cans to toast the values
of America and Americas Patriotic God-Fearing, Constitution-Loving, National Anthem-Singing, Stand Your Ground Beer.

For
more information about American Rebel Beer and its journey, visit www.americanrebelbeer.com or follow us on social media.

About
American Rebel Light Beer 

Produced
in partnership with AlcSource, American Rebel Light Beer is a domestic premium light lager celebrated for its exceptional quality and
patriotic values. It stands out as Americas Patriotic, God-Fearing, Constitution-Loving, National Anthem-Singing, Stand Your Ground
Beer.

About
American Rebel Holdings, Inc. 

American
Rebel Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: AREB) has operated primarily as a designer, manufacturer and marketer of branded safes and personal security
and self-defense products and has recently transitioned into the beverage industry through the introduction of American Rebel Beer. The
Company also designs and produces branded apparel and accessories. To learn more, visit www.americanrebel.com and www.americanrebelbeer.com.
For investor information, visit www.americanrebel.com/investor-relations

About
Kid Rocks Big Ass Honky Tonk Rock n Roll Steakhouse 

Located
on Broadway in the heart of downtown Nashville, Kid Rocks is an iconic venue offering live music, delicious food, and an unforgettable
experience across five dynamic levels. (https://www.kidrockshonkytonkandsteakhouse.com)

American
Rebel Holdings, Inc.

info@americanrebel.com

American
Rebel Beverages, LLC

Todd Porter, President

tporter@americanrebelbeer.com

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. American
Rebel Holdings, Inc., (NASDAQ: AREB; AREBW) (the Company, American Rebel, we, our
or us) desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbor legislation. The words forecasts believe,
may, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, should,
plan, could, target, potential, is likely, expect
and similar expressions, as they relate to us, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking
statements primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect
our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, and financial needs. Important factors that could cause actual results
to differ from those in the forward-looking statements include benefits of the launch party, actual launch timing and availability of
American Rebel Beer, our ability to effectively execute our business plan, and the Risk Factors contained within our filings with the
SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Any forward-looking statement made by us herein speaks
only as of the date on which it is made. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time,
and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by law.

Company
Contact:

tporter@americanrebelbeer.com

info@americanrebel.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.2

American
Rebel Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: AREB) Announces Delivery of Initial Shipment of American Rebel Light Beer to Kentucky Distribution Partner
- Clark Distributing Company

Nashville,
TN, Jan. 10, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) American Rebel Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: AREB) (American Rebel or the
Company), a designer, manufacturer, and marketer of branded safes, personal security, self-defense products, apparel,
and American Rebel Beer (www.americanrebelbeer.com), is proud to announce the delivery of the initial shipment of American
Rebel Light Beer to its recently established distribution partner, Clark Distributing Company (www.ccclark.com), for the
Commonwealth of Kentucky announced on October 30, 2024. The opening order is American Rebel Beers largest order to date,
400% larger than typical opening orders, as American Rebel Light Beer continues to rapidly grow and expand its national footprint. 

Kentucky
is a key strategic state as American Rebel Light Lager Beer continues to rapidly grow its distribution partnerships throughout the Southeastern
United States. Clark Distributing Company, a premier distributor serving more than 5,000 retail and restaurant customers throughout Kentucky,
has placed the largest opening order of American Rebel Light Beer, marking the official launch of the products availability
in the state. Kentucky residents can now enjoy American Rebel Premium Light Lager Beer that not only is great tasting but unapologetically
celebrates true fundamental American values. Clark Distributing Company covers 97 counties out of 120 total, representing 81% of
Kentuckys counties and serving 67% of the states population.

Kentucky
is an important state for us as we expand American Rebel Light Beer across this great, patriotic, God-fearing nation, said
Andy Ross, CEO of American Rebel Holdings. We are thrilled to see American Rebel Light Beer begin to reach patriotic customers
throughout the Commonwealth, and we couldnt have asked for a better partner than Clark Distributing Company to help us serve customers
looking for American Rebel Light - Americas Patriotic, God-Fearing, Constitution-Loving, National Anthem-Singing, Stand Your Ground
Beer in Kentucky.

American
Rebel Light Beer is growing rapidly due to its great taste and drinkability , with a smooth and crisp finish that appeals to light
beer enthusiasts. It continues to receive overwhelmingly positive feedback, leading to increasing and repeat customer demand due to its
balance of flavor and drinkability. It is the light beer of choice for consumers looking for a great tasting light beer that is aligned
with traditional American patriotic values, liberty, and freedom.

For
more information about American Rebel Light Beer, visit www.americanrebelbeer.com.

About
American Rebel Light Beer 

Produced
in partnership with AlcSource, American Rebel Light Beer (www.americanrebelbeer.com) is a domestic premium light lager
celebrated for its exceptional quality and patriotic values. It stands out as Americas Patriotic, God-Fearing,
Constitution-Loving, National Anthem-Singing, Stand Your Ground Beer.

American
Rebel Light is a Premium Domestic Light Lager Beer All Natural, Crisp and Clean with a Bold Taste and a Lighter Feel. With approximately
100 calories, 3.2 carbohydrates, and 4.3% alcoholic content per 12 oz serving, American Rebel Light Beer delivers a lighter option for
those who love great beer but prefer a more balanced lifestyle. Its all natural with no added supplements and importantly does
not use corn, rice, or other sweeteners typically found in mass production

About
American Rebel Holdings, Inc. 

American
Rebel Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: AREB) has operated primarily as a designer, manufacturer and marketer of branded safes and personal security
and self-defense products and has recently transitioned into the beverage industry through the introduction of American Rebel Light Beer.
The Company also designs and produces branded apparel and accessories. To learn more, visit www.americanrebel.com and www.americanrebelbeer.com. For investor information, visit www.americanrebel.com/investor-relations.

About
Clark Distributing Company 

Clark
Distributing Company (www.ccclark.com) is a premier beverage distributor serving over 5,000 customers across the Commonwealth
of Kentucky. With a focus on quality, service, and customer satisfaction, Clark Distributing is proud to bring premium brands to
Kentuckys diverse market.

American
Rebel Holdings, Inc. 

info@americanrebel.com

American
Rebel Beverages, LLC 

Todd
Porter, President

tporter@americanrebelbeer.com

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. American
Rebel Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: AREB; AREBW) (the Company, American Rebel, we, our
or us) desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbor legislation. The words forecasts, believe,
may, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, should,
plan, could, target, potential, is likely, expect
and similar expressions, as they relate to us, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking
statements primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect
our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, and financial needs. Important factors that could cause actual results
to differ from those in the forward-looking statements include benefits of the launch party, actual launch timing and availability of
American Rebel Beer, our ability to effectively execute our business plan, and the Risk Factors contained within our filings with the
SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Any forward-looking statement made by us herein speaks
only as of the date on which it is made. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time,
and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by law.

Company
Contact: 

tporter@americanrebelbeer.com

info@americanrebel.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex10-1_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex10-1_003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex10-1_004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex10-1_005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex10-1_006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex10-1_007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex10-1_008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ex10-1_009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ex10-1_010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ex10-1_011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ex10-1_012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ex10-1_013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ex10-1_014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ex10-1_015.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>ex10-1_016.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>ex10-1_017.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>ex10-1_018.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>ex10-1_019.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>ex10-1_020.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>ex10-1_021.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>ex10-1_022.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>ex10-1_023.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>ex10-1_024.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>areb-20241226.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>areb-20241226_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>areb-20241226_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, $0.001 par value 

Common Stock Purchase Warrants 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>areb-20241226_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Dec. 26, 2024

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Dec. 26, 2024

Entity File Number 001-41267

Entity Registrant Name AMERICAN
REBEL HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001648087

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-3892903

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 5115
Maryland Way

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 303

Entity Address, City or Town Brentwood

Entity Address, State or Province TN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 37027

City Area Code (833)

Local Phone Number 267-3235

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock, $0.001 par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol AREB

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Common Stock Purchase Warrants 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock Purchase Warrants

Trading Symbol AREBW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=AREB_CommonStock0.001ParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=AREB_CommonStockPurchaseWarrantsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://americanrebel.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

areb-20241226.xsd 
areb-20241226_def.xml 
areb-20241226_lab.xml 
areb-20241226_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-001851-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001648087 

2024-12-26 
2024-12-26 

0001648087 

AREB:CommonStock0.001ParValueMember 

2024-12-26 
2024-12-26 

0001648087 

AREB:CommonStockPurchaseWarrantsMember 

2024-12-26 
2024-12-26 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001648087 
8-K 
2024-12-26 
AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS, INC. 
NV 
001-41267 
47-3892903 
5115 Maryland Way 
Suite 303 
Brentwood 
TN 
37027 
(833) 
267-3235 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
AREB 
NASDAQ 
Common Stock Purchase Warrants 
AREBW 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>