<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-023000.txt : 20250312
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-023000.hdr.sgml : 20250312
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250312163921
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-023000
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250310
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250312
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250312

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OFFICE PROPERTIES INCOME TRUST
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001456772
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				264273474
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34364
		FILM NUMBER:		25732269

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O THE RMR GROUP
		STREET 2:		TWO NEWTON PL., 255 WASH. ST., STE. 300
		CITY:			NEWTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02458
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(617) 219-1440

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O THE RMR GROUP
		STREET 2:		TWO NEWTON PL., 255 WASH. ST., STE. 300
		CITY:			NEWTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02458

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GOVERNMENT PROPERTIES INCOME TRUST
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161006

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Government Properties Income Trust
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090220
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm258902d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000145677200014567722025-03-102025-03-100001456772us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-03-102025-03-100001456772opi:SeniorUnsecuredNotes6.375PercentDueIn2050Member2025-03-102025-03-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT Pursuant

to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 10, 2025

OFFICE PROPERTIES INCOME TRUST

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
Its Charter)

Maryland

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)

001-34364 26-4273474

(Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

Two Newton Place, 255 Washington Street, Suite
300, Newton, Massachusetts02458-1634

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

617-219-1440

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including
Area Code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title Of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name
Of each exchange on which registered

Common Shares of Beneficial Interest OPI The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

6.375% Senior Notes due 2050 OPINL The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with
any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

In this Current Report on Form 8-K, the terms we,
us, our and the Company refer to Office Properties Income Trust.

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Indenture for 8.000% Senior Priority Guaranteed Unsecured Notes
due 2030

On March 12, 2025, in connection with the previously
announced Exchange Offers described in Item 8.01 below, the Company issued $14,439,000 aggregate principal amount of new 8.000% senior
priority guaranteed unsecured notes due 2030, or the New Notes, and related guarantees, pursuant to that certain Indenture, dated as of
March 12, 2025 (which we refer to as the Indenture), among the Company, the initial subsidiary guarantors listed on the signature pages
thereto (which we refer to as the Initial Subsidiary Guarantors and, together with any future subsidiary guarantors, the Subsidiary Guarantors),
and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee.

Interest and maturity. Unless previously
redeemed, the New Notes will mature on January 31, 2030, and will bear interest at a rate of 8.000% per year, payable semi-annually in
arrears on January 31 and July 31 of each year, commencing July 31, 2025.

Guarantees. The New Notes will be fully
and unconditionally guaranteed on a joint, several and unsecured basis by the Subsidiary Guarantors.

Optional redemption. Prior to March 12,
2027, we may redeem the New Notes at a make-whole amount described in the Indenture plus principal and accrued and unpaid interest on
such New Notes. On or after March 12, 2027, we may redeem the New Notes, at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture, plus principal
and accrued and unpaid interest on such New Notes

Covenants. The Indenture contains covenants
that, among other things: (i) limit our and our subsidiaries ability to incur additional debt; (ii) limit our and the Subsidiary
Guarantors ability to incur liens securing debt on any material assets or property of any Subsidiary Guarantor, other than certain
permitted liens; (iii) limit our and the Subsidiary Guarantors ability to consolidate or merge, or convey, transfer or lease all
or substantially all of our and our subsidiaries assets and (iv) limit our and the Subsidiary Guarantors ability to sell,
lease, convey, transfer, invest or dispose of the capital stock of or assets held by any of the Subsidiary Guarantors. In addition, the
Indenture contains a covenant that requires us and our subsidiaries to maintain at all times Total Unencumbered Assets (as defined in
the Indenture) of not less than 150% of the aggregate principal amount of the Unsecured Debt (as defined in the Indenture) of our and
our subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

Events of default. The Indenture sets forth
certain events of default after which the New Notes may be declared immediately due and payable and sets forth certain types of bankruptcy
or insolvency events of default involving us and certain of our subsidiaries upon which the New Notes shall automatically become immediately
due and payable.

The foregoing is a summary of the material terms
of the Indenture and the New Notes and does not purport to be complete, and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference
to, each of the Indenture and the form of New Notes, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, and are
incorporated by reference herein.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial
Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information in Item 1.01 of this Current Report
on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

2

Item 8.01 Other Events.

Settlement of Exchange Offer Transactions

On February 7, 2025, we commenced a series of private
exchange offers, or the Exchange Offers, to exchange our outstanding (i) 2.650% senior unsecured notes due 2026, (ii) 2.400% senior unsecured
notes due 2027 and (iii) 3.450% senior unsecured notes due 2031 (such notes, collectively, are referred to as the Existing Notes) for
New Notes and related guarantees pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in an Offering Memorandum, dated as of February 7,
2025, as supplemented by the supplement dated February 13, 2025, and amended by our press releases dated February 24, 2025 and March 3,
2025, or the Offering Memorandum.

The Exchange Offers expired as of 5:00 p.m., New
York City time, on March 10, 2025. On March 11, 2025, we issued a press releasing announcing the expiration and results of the Exchange
Offers, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated by reference into this Item 8.01. On March 12, 2025, we completed
the settlement of the Exchange Offers. The Company received the following aggregate principal amounts of Existing Notes accepted for exchange,
and delivered the following aggregate principal amounts of New Notes in exchange therefor:

Existing Notes to be Exchanged Aggregate Principal Amount of 

Existing Notes Accepted for Exchange Aggregate Principal Amount of New 

Notes Delivered 

Existing 2026 Notes $ 6,559,000 $ 5,836,000 

Existing 2027 Notes $ 2,478,000 $ 1,882,000 

Existing 2031 Notes $ 11,953,000 $ 6,721,000 

Total $ 20,990,000 $ 14,439,000 

The Exchange Offers have expired, and are no longer
open to participation by eligible holders of the Existing Notes. The New Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the Securities Act, or any state securities laws, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration
or an applicable exemption from registration under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws. The Exchange Offers were
made, and the New Notes and related guarantees were offered and issued, only to holders of Existing Notes who certified to the Company
that they were (a) in the U.S. and are qualified institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act),
(b) outside the U.S. and who were non-U.S. persons in reliance upon and in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act or (c)
institutions and holders of the Existing Notes that could certify they were institutional accredited investors as defined
in subparagraph (a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute
an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in
which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such
state or jurisdiction.

Warning Concerning Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains statements
that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and
other securities laws that are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements may include words such as believe, expect,
anticipate, intend, plan, estimate, will, may and
negatives or derivatives of these or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based upon our present
intent, beliefs or expectations, but forward-looking statements are not guaranteed to occur and may not occur. Actual results
may differ materially from those contained in or implied by our forward-looking statements as a result of various factors.
The information contained in our periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
or SEC, including under Risk Factors, or incorporated therein, also identifies important factors that could cause our actual
results to differ materially from those stated in or implied by our forward-looking statements. Our filings with the SEC are available
on the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

You should
not place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements. 

Except as
required by law, we do not intend to update or change any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise.

3

No Offer or Solicitation

Neither this Current Report on Form 8-K nor the
press release attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 constitutes an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, the New Notes and related
guarantees, nor shall there be any sale of the New Notes and related guarantees in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation
or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number Description

4.1 Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2025, among Office Properties Income Trust, the subsidiaries listed on the signature pages thereto as guarantors and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee.

4.2 Form of New Notes (included in Exhibit 4.1 hereto).

99.1 Press Release dated March 11, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File. (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document.)

4

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

OFFICE PROPERTIES INCOME TRUST

By: /s/ Brian E.
Donley

Name: Brian E. Donley

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Dated: March 12, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm258902d1_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

EXECUTION VERSION

OFFICE PROPERTIES INCOME TRUST

THE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS NAMED HEREIN

and

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

Dated as of March 12, 2025

$14,439,000 8.000% Senior Priority Guaranteed Unsecured
Notes due 2030

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE One

Definitions and Other Provisions of General Application 1

Section 1.01. Definitions 1

Section 1.02. Compliance Certificates and Opinions 18

Section 1.03. Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee 18

Section 1.04. Acts of Holders Record Dates 19

Section 1.05. Notices, Etc., to Trustee and Company 21

Section 1.06. Notice to Holders Waiver 21

Section 1.07. Trust Indenture Act 21

Section 1.08. Effect of Headings and Table of Contents 22

Section 1.09. Successors and Assigns 22

Section 1.10. Separability Clause 22

Section 1.11. Benefits of Indenture 22

Section 1.12. Governing Law 22

Section 1.13. Legal Holidays 22

Section 1.14. Language of Notices, Etc. 22

Section 1.15. No Personal Liability 22

Section 1.16. Notices 23

Section 1.17. Counterparts 23

ARTICLE Two

INTEREST RATE; INTEREST PAYMENTS 24

Section 2.01. Interest Rate; Interest Payments 24

ARTICLE Three

the notes 24

Section 3.01. Form and Dating 24

Section 3.02. Denominations 25

Section 3.03. Execution, Authentication, Delivery and Dating 25

Section 3.04. Temporary Notes 25

Section 3.05. Registration, Registration of Transfer and Exchange 26

Section 3.06. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Notes 27

Section 3.07. Payment of Interest Interest Rights Preserved 27

Section 3.08. Persons Deemed Owners 29

Section 3.09. Cancellation 29

Section 3.10. Currency 29

Section 3.11. ISIN/CUSIP Numbers 29

Section 3.12. Amount 29

ARTICLE Four

Satisfaction and Discharge 30

Section 4.01. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture 30

Section 4.02. Application of Trust Money and Government Obligations 32

ARTICLE Five

Remedies 32

Section 5.01. Events of Default 32

Section 5.02. Acceleration of Maturity Rescission and Annulment 33

Section 5.03. Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee 35

Section 5.04. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 35

Section 5.05. Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Notes 36

Section 5.06. Application of Money Collected 36

Section 5.07. Limitation on Suits 36

Section 5.08. Unconditional Right of Holders to Receive Payment 37

Section 5.09. Restoration of Rights and Remedies 37

Section 5.10. Rights and Remedies Cumulative 37

Section 5.11. Delay or Omission Not Waiver 38

Section 5.12. Control by Holders 38

Section 5.13. Waiver of Past Defaults 38

Section 5.14. Undertaking for Costs 38

Section 5.15. Waiver of Usury, Stay or Extension Laws 39

ARTICLE Six

The Trustee 39

Section 6.01. Certain Duties and Responsibilities 39

Section 6.02. Notice of Defaults 39

Section 6.03. Certain Rights of Trustee 39

Section 6.04. Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Notes 41

Section 6.05. May Hold Notes 41

Section 6.06. Money Held in Trust 41

Section 6.07. Compensation and Reimbursement 41

Section 6.08. Conflicting Interests 41

Section 6.09. Corporate Trustee Required Eligibility 42

Section 6.10. Resignation and Removal Appointment of Successor 42

Section 6.11. Acceptance of Appointment by Successor 43

Section 6.12. Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business 44

Section 6.13. Preferential Collection of Claims Against Company 44

Section 6.14. Appointment of Authenticating Agent 45

Section 6.15. Rules by Trustee 46

ARTICLE Seven

Holders Lists and Reports by Trustee and Company 47

Section 7.01. Company to Furnish Trustee Names and Addresses of Holders 47

Section 7.02. Preservation of Information Communications to Holders 47

ARTICLE Eight

Consolidation, Merger, Conveyance, Transfer or Lease 47

Section 8.01. Company May Consolidate, Etc., Only on Certain Terms 47

Section 8.02. Subsidiary Guarantor May Consolidate, Etc., Only on Certain Terms; Successor Substituted 48

ARTICLE Nine

AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER 49

Section 9.01. Without Consent of Holders 49

Section 9.02. With Consent of Holders 51

Section 9.03. Execution of Supplemental Indentures 51

Section 9.04. Effect of Supplemental Indentures 52

Section 9.05. Reference in Notes to Supplemental Indentures 52

ARTICLE Ten

Covenants 52

Section 10.01. Payment of Principal, Premium and Interest 52

Section 10.02. Maintenance of Office or Agency 52

Section 10.03. Money for Notes Payments to Be Held in Trust 53

Section 10.04. Statement by Officers as to Default 54

Section 10.05. Existence 54

Section 10.06. [Reserved] 54

Section 10.07. Limitations on Incurrence of Debt and Issuance of Preferred Stock 54

Section 10.08. Maintenance of Total Unencumbered Assets 56

Section 10.09. Limitations on Liens 56

Section 10.10. Provision of Financial Information 56

Section 10.11. Limitation on Asset Sales 57

Section 10.12. Ratings 58

ARTICLE Eleven

Redemption of Notes 59

Section 11.01. Redemption at the Option of the Company 59

Section 11.02. Election to Redeem Notice to Trustee 60

Section 11.03. Mandatory Redemption 60

Section 11.04. Selection by Trustee of Notes to Be Redeemed 60

Section 11.05. Notice of Redemption 61

Section 11.06. Deposit of Redemption Price 61

Section 11.07. Notes Payable on Redemption Date 62

Section 11.08. Notes Redeemed in Part 62

ARTICLE Twelve

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES 62

Section 12.01. Subsidiary Guarantee 62

Section 12.02. Limitation on Subsidiary Guarantor Liability 64

Section 12.03. Execution and Delivery of Subsidiary Guarantee 64

Section 12.04. Release of a Subsidiary Guarantor 64

Section 12.05. Benefits Acknowledged 65

Section 12.06. Waiver of Subrogation 65

Section 12.07. Same Currency; No Set Off 66

Section 12.08. Guarantee Obligations Continuing 66

Section 12.09. No Merger or Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 66

Section 12.10. Dealing with the Company and Others 66

Section 12.11. Enforcement; Expenses 67

ARTICLE Thirteen

Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance 67

Section 13.01. Companys Option to Effect Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance 67

Section 13.02. Defeasance and Discharge 68

Section 13.03. Covenant Defeasance 68

Section 13.04. Conditions to Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance 69

Section 13.05. Deposited Money and Government Obligations to Be Held in Trust Miscellaneous Provisions 70

Section 13.06. Reinstatement 71

Appendix

Appendix A Provisions Relating to the Notes

Exhibits

Exhibit A Form of Note

Exhibit B Form of Transferee Letter of Representation

Exhibit C Form of Supplemental Indenture

INDENTURE,
dated as of March 12, 2025, among Office Properties Income Trust, a real estate investment trust organized and existing under the
laws of the State of Maryland (the Company) having its principal office at Two Newton Place, 255 Washington Street,
Suite 300, Newton, Massachusetts 02458, the other entities (other than the Trustee (as defined below)) listed on the signature pages hereto
(the Initial Subsidiary Guarantors) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking organization
organized and existing under the laws of the United States, as Trustee (in such role, the Trustee).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
the Company has duly authorized the creation and issuance of (i) $14,439,000 aggregate principal amount of 8.000% Senior Priority
Guaranteed Unsecured Notes due 2030 (the Initial Notes) and (ii) Additional Notes from time to time; and

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Initial Subsidiary Guarantors have duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Indenture (as defined herein).

NOW,
THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH for and in consideration of the premises and the purchase of the Notes by the Holders
thereof, it is mutually agreed, for the equal and proportionate benefit of all Holders of the Notes, as follows:

ARTICLE One

Definitions
and Other Provisions of General Application

Section 1.01. Definitions

For all purposes of this Indenture,
except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) the
terms defined in this Article have the meanings assigned to them in this Article and include the plural as well as the singular

(b) all
other terms used herein which are defined in the Trust Indenture Act, either directly or by reference therein, have the meanings assigned
to them therein

(c) all
accounting terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles

(d) unless
otherwise specifically set forth herein, all calculations or determinations of a Person shall be performed or made on a consolidated basis
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles

(e) unless
the context otherwise requires, any reference to an Article or a Section refers to an Article or a Section,
as the case may be, of this Indenture and

(f) the
words herein, hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this Indenture
as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision.

Acquired Debt
means Debt of a Person (i) existing at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary or (ii) assumed in connection with the acquisition
of assets from such Person, in each case, other than Debt incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such Person becoming a
Subsidiary or such acquisition. Acquired Debt is deemed to be incurred on the date of the related acquisition of assets from any Person
or the date the acquired Person becomes a Subsidiary.

Act,
when used with respect to any Holder, has the meaning specified in Section 1.04.

Additional Debt
has the meaning provided in Section 10.07(d)(i).

Additional Notes
means the Notes issued pursuant to this Indenture subsequent to the Issue Date (except for Notes authenticated and delivered upon registration
or transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, Notes issued on the Issue Date pursuant to Sections 3.04, 3.05, 3.06, 3.09, 11.08 or
Appendix A).

Adjusted Total Assets
has the meaning provided in Section 10.07(a).

Affiliate
of any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common
control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, control when used with respect to any specified
Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of
voting securities, by contract or otherwise and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings correlative
to the foregoing.

Annual Debt Service
as of any date means the maximum amount which is expensed in any 12-month period for interest on Debt of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
excluding amortization of debt discounts and deferred financing costs.

Asset Sale means the sale,
conveyance, transfer, investment or other disposition (including any net lease or sale-leaseback of any entire real property (including
improvements thereon)) of any Subsidiary Guarantor Assets by the Company or any of its Subsidiary Guarantors; but expressly excluding
the sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors
taken as a whole (which is governed by Section 8.01).

Notwithstanding the preceding provisions, none
of the following will be deemed to be an Asset Sale:

(i) a
sale, lease, conveyance, transfer, investment or other disposition of assets between or among the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor,
on the one hand, and any other Subsidiary or entity, on the other hand; provided that concurrently with any sale, lease, conveyance, transfer,
investment or other disposition pursuant to this clause (i) by any Subsidiary Guarantor to any Subsidiary or entity that is not a
Subsidiary Guarantor, such Subsidiary or entity becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor and expressly assumes all obligations as a Subsidiary Guarantor
under the Note Documents pursuant to a supplemental indenture or other documents or instruments in a form reasonably satisfactory to the
Trustee;

2 

(ii) any
transfer, assignment or other disposition deemed to occur in connection with the creation or granting of Liens not prohibited by Section 10.09;

(iii) sales,
leases, conveyances or other dispositions of property or assets subject to foreclosure proceedings, an Event of Loss, a surrender or waiver
of contract rights or the settlement, release or surrender of contract, tort or other claims of any kind with respect to property or assets;

(iv) any
lease, sublease, license, sublicense, easement, space lease, right to use or occupy, or other right to operate or conduct business or
any other similar arrangement of any kind in the ordinary course of business (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the amendment or
recast of any of the foregoing in effect on the Issue Date);

(v) dispositions
and/or termination of leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses; and

(vi) expirations
of any option agreement in respect of real or personal property.

Authenticating Agent
means any Person authorized by the Trustee pursuant to Section 6.14 to act on behalf of the Trustee to authenticate the Notes.

Authorized Newspaper
means a newspaper, in the English language or in an official language of the country of publication, customarily published on each Business
Day, whether or not published on Saturdays, Sundays or holidays, and of general circulation in each place in connection with which the
term is used or in the financial community of each such place. Where successive publications are required to be made in Authorized Newspapers,
the successive publications may be made in the same or in different newspapers in the same city meeting the foregoing requirements and
in each case on any Business Day.

Bankruptcy Law
means Title 11, United States Bankruptcy Code of 1978, as amended, or any similar United States federal or state law relating to bankruptcy,
insolvency, receivership, winding-up, liquidation, reorganization or relief of debtors or any amendment to, succession to or change in
any such law.

Board
means either the board of trustees of the Company or any duly authorized committee of that board.

Board Resolution
means a copy of a resolution certified by a Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company to have been duly adopted by the Board and
to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification, and delivered to the Trustee.

Business Day,
when used with respect to any Place of Payment, means each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday which is not a day on which
banking institutions in that Place of Payment are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close.

Capital Stock
means, with respect to any Person, any capital stock (including preferred stock), shares, interests, participation or other ownership
interests (however designated) of such Person and any rights (other than debt securities convertible into or exchangeable for capital
stock), warrants or options to purchase any thereof.

3 

Cash Equivalents
means demand deposits, certificates of deposit or repurchase agreements with banks or other financial institutions, marketable obligations
issued or directly and fully guaranteed as to timely payment by the United States of America or any of its agencies or instrumentalities,
or any commercial paper or other obligation rated, at time of purchase, P-2 (or its equivalent) or better by Moodys
or A-2 (or its equivalent) or better by Standard & Poors.

Commission
means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company
means the Person named as the Company in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor Person shall have become
such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter Company shall mean such successor Person.

Company Request
or Company Order means a written request or order signed in the name of the Company by a Managing Trustee, its Chief
Executive Officer, its Chief Operating Officer, its Chief Financial Officer, its President or a Vice President, and by its Treasurer,
an Assistant Treasurer, its Controller, its Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, and delivered to the Trustee.

Consolidated Income
Available for Debt Service for any period means Earnings from Operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries plus amounts which
have been deducted, and minus amounts which have been added, for the following (without duplication):

(i) interest on Debt
of the Company and its Subsidiaries,

(ii) provision for taxes
of the Company and its Subsidiaries based on income,

(iii) amortization of
debt premium/discount and deferred debt issuance costs,

(iv) provisions for gains
and losses on properties and property depreciation and amortization,

(v) the effect of any
noncash charge resulting from a change in accounting principles in determining Earnings from Operations for such period and

(vi) amortization of
deferred charges.

Corporate Trust
Office means the principal office of the Trustee at which at any particular time its corporate trust business shall be administered,
which on the date hereof is located at One Federal Street, 3rd Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02110.

corporation
means a corporation, association, partnership, limited liability, joint-stock or other company, real estate investment trust or business
trust.

Covenant Defeasance
has the meaning specified in Section 13.03.

4 

Credit Facility
means the credit facilities under, collectively,

(i) the Second Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2024, as amended, restated, supplemented, waived, replaced (whether or not
upon termination, and whether with the original lenders or otherwise), restructured, repaid, refunded, refinanced or otherwise modified
from time to time, including any agreement or indenture extending the maturity thereof, refinancing, replacing or otherwise restructuring
all or any portion of the Debt under such agreement or agreements or indenture or indentures or any successor or replacement agreement
or agreements or indenture or indentures or increasing the amount loaned or issued thereunder or altering the maturity thereof (the Credit
Agreement), among the OPI WF Borrower LLC, OPI WF Holding LLC, the Company, the guarantors named therein, the financial institutions
named therein, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and/or

(ii) whether or not the
agreements referred to in clause (i) remain outstanding, if designated by the Company to be included in the definition of Credit
Facility, one or more (A) debt facilities or commercial paper facilities, providing for revolving credit loans, term loans
or letters of credit, (B) debt securities, indentures or other forms of debt financing (including convertible or exchangeable debt
instruments or bank guarantees or bankers acceptances), and/or (C) instruments or agreements evidencing any other Debt, in
each case, with the same or different borrowers, guarantors or issuers or lenders or group of lenders, and, in each case, as amended,
supplemented, modified, extended, restructured, renewed, refinanced, restated, replaced or refunded in whole or in part from time to time.

Custodian
means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or other similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

Debt
of the Company or any Subsidiary means, without duplication, any indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, whether or not contingent,
in respect of:

(i) borrowed
money or evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments;

(ii) borrowed
money secured by any Lien existing on property owned by the Company or any Subsidiary, to the extent of the lesser of (x) the amount
of indebtedness so secured and (y) the Fair Market Value of the property subject to such Lien;

(iii) the
reimbursement obligations, contingent or otherwise, in connection with any letters of credit actually issued (other than letters of credit
issued to provide credit enhancement or support with respect to other indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary otherwise reflected
as Debt hereunder) or amounts representing the balance deferred and unpaid of the purchase price of any property or services, except any
such balance that constitutes an accrued expense or trade payable, or all conditional sale obligations or obligations under any title
retention agreement;

(iv) the
principal amount of all obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to redemption, repayment or other repurchase of any
Disqualified Stock; or

(v) any
lease of property by the Company or any Subsidiary as lessee which is reflected on the Companys consolidated balance sheet as a
capitalized lease in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,

5 

to the extent, in the case
of items of indebtedness under (i) through (v) above, that any such items (other than letters of credit) would be properly classified
as a liability on the Companys consolidated balance sheet in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Debt (1) excludes
any indebtedness (A) with respect to which a defeasance or covenant defeasance or discharge has been effected (or an irrevocable
deposit is made with a trustee in an amount at least equal to the outstanding principal amount of such indebtedness, the remaining scheduled
payments of interest thereon to, but not including, the applicable maturity date or redemption date, and any premium or otherwise as provided
in the terms of such indebtedness) in accordance with the terms thereof or which has been repurchased, retired, repaid, redeemed, irrevocably
called for redemption (and an irrevocable deposit is made with a trustee in an amount at least equal to the outstanding principal amount
of such indebtedness, the remaining scheduled payments of interest thereon to, but not including, such redemption date, and any premium)
or otherwise satisfied or (B) that is secured by cash or Cash Equivalents irrevocably deposited with a trustee in an amount, in the
case of this clause (B), at least equal to the outstanding principal amount of such indebtedness and the remaining scheduled payments
of interest thereon and (2) includes, to the extent not otherwise included, any obligation by the Company or any Subsidiary to be
liable for, or to pay, as obligor, guarantor or otherwise (other than for purposes of collection in the ordinary course of business),
Debt of another Person (other than the Company or any Subsidiary ) (it being understood that Debt shall be deemed to be incurred by the
Company or any Subsidiary whenever the Company or such Subsidiary shall create, assume, guarantee or otherwise become liable in respect
thereof).

Defaulted Interest
has the meaning specified in Section 3.07.

Defeasance
has the meaning specified in Section 13.02.

Depositary means, with respect
to Notes issuable in whole or in part in the form of one or more Global Notes, a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act that
is designated to act as Depositary for such Notes as contemplated by this Indenture. The Depositary shall initially be The Depository
Trust Company, its nominees and their respective successors.

Disqualified Stock
means, with respect to any Person, any Capital Stock of such Person which by the terms of such Capital Stock (or by the terms of any security
into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable or exercisable), upon the happening of any event or otherwise,

(i) matures or is mandatorily
redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (other than Capital Stock which is redeemable solely in exchange for Capital
Stock which is not Disqualified Stock or for Subordinated Debt),

(ii) is convertible into
or exchangeable or exercisable for Debt (other than Subordinated Debt or Disqualified Stock), or

6 

(iii) is redeemable at
the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part (other than Capital Stock which is redeemable solely in exchange for Capital Stock
which is not Disqualified Stock or for Subordinated Debt), in each case on or prior to the Stated Maturity of the principal of the Notes.

Earnings from Operations
for any period means

(i) net earnings, excluding

(1) gains and losses on
sales of investments,

(2) extraordinary items,

(3) gains and losses on
early extinguishment of debt,

(4) property valuation
losses, and

(5) equity in the earnings
and losses of Equity Method Investments, plus

(ii) to the extent not
included in net earnings, cash distributions received by the Company or its Subsidiaries from Equity Method Investments, in each case
as reflected in the financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles.

Equity Interests
means Capital Stock and all warrants, options or other rights to acquire Capital Stock (but excluding any debt security that is convertible
into, or exchangeable for, Capital Stock).

Equity Method Investments
means equity securities that at the time of determination:

(i) are part of a class
of equity securities that is traded on a national or regional securities exchange or a recognized over-the-counter market;

(ii) are issued by an
entity (a) to which the Companys manager at such time or an Affiliate of the Companys manager at such time provides
management services, (b) that operates in a manner intended to qualify such entity for taxation as a real estate investment
trust under Sections 856 to 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and (c) that is not a consolidated Subsidiary
of the Company; and

(iii) are or in any prior
period were accounted for in the consolidated financial statements of the Company using the equity method of accounting.

Equity Offering
means (i) a public or private sale of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock and other than to a Subsidiary of the Company)
made for cash on a primary basis to the Company; or (ii) the contribution of cash to the Company as an equity capital contribution.

Event of Default
has the meaning specified in Section 5.01.

7 

Event
of Loss means any (i) casualty, loss, damage, destruction or other similar loss, (ii) condemnation, taking
or seizure by a governmental authority of assets or property, or any part thereof or interest therein, for public or quasi-public use
under the power of eminent domain, by reason of any public improvement or condemnation or (iii) settlement in lieu of clause (ii) above.

Excess Proceeds
means the aggregate amount of Net Proceeds in excess of $150,000,000 received the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company on or after
October 1, 2024 in respect of all Asset Sales of Subsidiary Guarantor Assets held thereby; provided that Net Proceeds which
are used to voluntarily redeem, repay or otherwise repurchase the Notes shall constitute Excess Proceeds.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any statute successor thereto, in each case as amended from time to time.

Expiration Date
has the meaning specified in Section 1.04.

Existing Mortgage
Notes means, collectively (i) that certain Loan Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2023, by and among UBS AG, as
lender, and CLAY AVE WACO LLC and PRIMERICA PKWY GA LLC, as borrowers; (ii) that certain Loan Agreement, dated as of June 23,
2023, between JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as lender, and STERLING PARK LLC, as borrower; (iii) that certain Loan Agreement,
dated as of June 30, 2023, between JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as lender, and RIO ROBLES CA LLC, as borrower; (iv) that
certain Loan Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2023, between JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as lender, and 3300 75TH AVENUE
LLC, as borrower; (v) that certain Loan Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2023, between JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,
as lender, and EWING BOULEVARD LLC, as borrower; and (vi) that certain Loan Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2023, between JPMorgan
Chase Bank, National Association, as lender, and ECHELON PKWY MS LLC, as borrower (in each case, as amended, restated, replaced, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time).

Fair Market Value
means the price that would be paid in an arms-length transaction between an informed and willing seller under no compulsion to
sell and an informed and willing buyer under no compulsion to buy, as determined by the Company in good faith.

Fair Value
means, for an Equity Method Investment, the lower of: (i) the original cost of such investment; or (ii) last reported sale price
on the exchange or market on which the class of equity securities of which the investment is a part is primarily traded at the time of
valuation.

Funded Debt
means Debt for borrowed money or any obligation to be liable for, or to pay, as obligor, guarantor or otherwise, such Debt for borrowed
money.

generally accepted
accounting principles means, solely for purposes of determining compliance with any provision of Sections 10.07 and 10.08 which
requires the calculation of any financial ratio or percentage, generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America,
which were in effect on July 20, 2017. For all other purposes, generally accepted accounting principles means generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States of America in effect from time to time.

8 

Government Obligations
has the meaning specified in Section 13.04(a).

Governmental Authority
means any national, state or local government (whether domestic or foreign), any political subdivision thereof or any other governmental,
quasi-governmental, judicial, administrative, public or statutory instrumentality, authority, body, agency, bureau, commission, board,
department or other entity (including, without limitation, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Comptroller of the Currency
or the Federal Reserve Board, any central bank or any comparable authority) or any arbitrator with authority to bind a party at law.

Guarantee
means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of any Person directly or indirectly guaranteeing any indebtedness of any other Person
or any obligation, direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise, of such Person:

(i) to
purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such indebtedness of such other Person (whether arising by
virtue of partnership arrangements, or by agreement to keep-well, to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to take-or-pay, or
to maintain financial statement conditions or otherwise); or

(ii) entered
into for purposes of assuring in any other manner the obligee of such indebtedness of the payment thereof or to protect such obligee against
loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part); provided, however, that the term Guarantee will not include endorsements
for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The term Guarantee used as a verb has a corresponding meaning.

Holder
means a Person in whose name a Note is registered in the Security Register.

Indenture
means this indenture as may be amended, restated, supplemented, modified, renewed, refunded, increased, extended, replaced in any manner
(whether upon or after termination or otherwise) or refinanced in whole or in part from time to time.

Initial Default
has the meaning specified in Section 5.02.

Initial Notes
has the meaning specified in the recitals.

Initial Subsidiary
Guarantors has the meaning specified in the preamble.

Interest
Payment Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(a).

Issue Date means March 12, 2025.

Joint Venture Interests
means assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries constituting an equity investment in real estate assets or other properties, or in an
entity holding real estate assets or other properties, jointly owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and one or
more other Persons not constituting Affiliates of the Company, on the other, excluding any entity or properties (i) which is a Subsidiary
or are properties if the co-ownership thereof (if in a separate entity) would constitute or would have constituted a Subsidiary, or (ii) to
which, at the time of determination, the Companys manager at such time or an Affiliate of the Companys manager at such time
provides management services. In no event shall Joint Venture Interests include equity securities that are part of a class of equity securities
that are traded on a national or regional securities exchange or a recognized over-the-counter market or any investments in debt securities,
mortgages or other Debt or Equity Method Investments.

9 

Latest Completed
Fiscal Quarter has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(a)(i).

Lien
means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien, charge, pledge, security interest or other encumbrance of any kind.

Make-Whole Amount
means, with respect to any Note on any Redemption Date, the greater of:

(i) 1.0%
of the principal amount of the Notes; or

(ii) the
excess, if any, of (i) the present value at such Redemption Date of (A) the redemption price of the Note on March 12, 2027,
plus (B) all required interest payments due on the Note through March 12, 2027 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest to the
Redemption Date), computed using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate as of such Redemption Date plus 50 basis points; over (ii) the
principal amount of the Note. The Company shall determine the Make-Whole Amount and the Trustee shall have no obligation to calculate
or verify the Make-Whole Amount.

March 2027
Notes means the Companys $444,992,000 in aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes due 2027, issued pursuant
to the March 2027 Notes Indenture.

March 2027
Notes Indenture means that certain Indenture, dated as of December 11, 2024, among the Company, certain other Subsidiaries
of the Company from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent, as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

March 2029
Notes means the Companys $300,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes due 2029, issued pursuant
to the March 2029 Notes Indenture.

March 2029
Notes Indenture means that certain Indenture, dated as of February 12, 2024, among the Company, certain other Subsidiaries
of the Company from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent, as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Material Adverse
Effect means any event, circumstance or condition that has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a material adverse
effect on (a) the business, assets, liabilities, results of operations or financial condition of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors,
taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors, taken as a whole, to perform their payment obligations
under this Indenture or (c) the rights and remedies of the Holders.

10 

Maturity,
when used with respect to the Notes, means the date on which the principal of such Notes or an installment of principal becomes due and
payable as therein or herein provided, whether at the Stated Maturity or by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise,
but shall not include any date on which the payment of principal of such security is due and payable as a result of any contingent obligations
to repay, redeem or repurchase any such principal prior to the date originally scheduled for the payment thereof.

Moodys
means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. or any successor thereof.

Net Proceeds
means, with respect to any Asset Sale of Subsidiary Guarantor Assets, the cash proceeds (including Cash Equivalents and cash proceeds
subsequently received (as and when received) in respect of non-cash consideration initially received), net of:

(i) selling
costs and out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable brokers fees or commissions, legal fees, transfer and similar taxes and
the Companys good-faith estimate of any income (however, denominated), gross receipts, and franchise or similar taxes paid or payable
by the Company or a Subsidiary Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries or joint ventures (including pursuant to tax sharing
arrangements or any tax distributions) in connection with such sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition),

(ii) amounts
provided as a reserve in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles against any liabilities under any indemnification obligation
or purchase price adjustment associated with such Asset Sale (provided that to the extent and at the time any such amounts are released
from such reserve (other than in connection with a payment in respect of such liability), such amounts shall constitute Net Proceeds),

(iii) the principal
amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts on either (a) any Debt which is secured by the asset sold in such
Asset Sale or (b)the March 2027 Notes and in each case which is required to be repaid or otherwise comes due as a result of such
Asset Sale and is repaid (other than any such Debt that is assumed by the purchaser of such asset), and

(iv) cash escrows
(until released from escrow to the Company or any Subsidiary) of funds received pursuant to an Asset Sale of Subsidiary Guarantor Assets.

Note Documents
means this Indenture, the Notes (including Additional Notes) and the related Guarantees.

Notes means the Companys
8.000% Senior Priority Guaranteed Unsecured Notes due 2030, issued under this Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time.
Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to the Notes shall include the Initial Notes and any Additional Notes,
and any references to the principal amount of the Notes shall include any increase in the principal amount of outstanding
Notes as a result of the issuance of Additional Notes.

Notes Obligations
means all obligations for principal, premium (if any), interest, if any, penalties, fees, indemnifications, reimbursements, damages, liabilities
and other amounts payable of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors under the Note Documents.

Notice
has the meaning specified in Section 1.17.

11 

Notice of Default
means a written notice of the kind specified in Sections 5.01(d) and 5.01(g).

Officers
Certificate means a certificate signed on behalf of the Company by a Managing Trustee, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief
Operating Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Controller, the President, a Vice President, the Treasurer, an Assistant Treasurer,
the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company and delivered to the Trustee.

Opinion of Counsel
means a written opinion of legal counsel addressed to the Trustee. The counsel may be an employee of or counsel to the Company or any
Affiliate.

Optional Redemption
has the meaning specified in Section 11.01(a).

Outstanding,
when used with respect to Notes, means, as of the date of determination, all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered under this
Indenture, except:

(i) Notes
theretofore cancelled by the Trustee or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation

(ii) Notes
for whose payment or redemption money in the necessary amount has been theretofore deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent (other
than the Company) in trust or set aside and segregated in trust by the Company (if the Company shall act as its own Paying Agent) for
the Holders of such Notes provided that, if such Notes are to be redeemed, notice of such redemption has been duly given
pursuant to this Indenture or provision therefor satisfactory to the Trustee has been made

(iii) Notes
as to which Defeasance has been effected pursuant to Section 13.02 or satisfaction and discharge has been effected pursuant to Article Four
and

(iv) Notes
which have been paid pursuant to Section 3.06 or in exchange for or in lieu of which other Notes have been authenticated and delivered
pursuant to this Indenture, other than any such Notes in respect of which there shall have been presented to the Trustee proof satisfactory
to it that such Notes are held by a bona fide purchaser in whose hands such Notes are valid obligations of the Company

provided,
however, that solely in determining whether the Holders of the requisite principal amount of the Outstanding Notes have given,
made or taken any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action hereunder as of any date, or whether
a quorum is present at a meeting of Holders of Notes, (A) the principal amount of Notes which shall be deemed to be Outstanding shall
be the amount of the principal thereof which would be due and payable as of such date upon acceleration of the Maturity thereof, (B) if,
as of such date, the principal amount payable is not determinable, the principal amount of Notes which shall be deemed to be Outstanding
shall be the principal amount which would be due and payable at the Stated Maturity and (C) Notes owned by the Company or any other
obligor upon the Notes or any Affiliate of the Company or of such other obligor shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding,
except that, in determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying upon any such request, demand, authorization, direction,
notice, consent, waiver or other action, or upon any such determination as to the presence of a quorum, only Notes that a Responsible
Officer of the Trustee actually knows to be so owned shall be so disregarded. Notes so owned which have been pledged in good faith may
be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgees right so to act with respect
to such Notes and that the pledgee is not the Company or any other obligor upon the Notes or any Affiliate of the Company or of such other
obligor.

12 

Paying Agent means any Person
authorized by the Company to pay the principal (and premium, if any) plus any interest on the Notes on behalf of the Company.

Permitted Liens
means:

(i) Liens
securing (1) taxes, assessments and other charges or levies imposed by any Governmental Authority (x) which are not then due
and payable or (y) if due and payable, which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate
reserves have been established on the books of such Person in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or (2) the
claims of materialmen, mechanics, carriers, warehousemen or landlords for labor, materials, supplies or rentals or other charges incurred
in the ordinary course of business, in each case, (x) the failure of which to pay would not reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect or (y) if such Lien is the responsibility of a financially responsible tenant, mortgagor or manager to discharge;

(ii) with
respect to any Property, easements, covenants, conditions, rights-of-way, zoning restrictions, encroachments, encumbrances, and rights
or restrictions of record on the use of real property and other similar matters of record affecting title that do not (1) secure
obligations for the payment of money or (2) in the aggregate, materially impair the use of the affected property for its intended
purpose by the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor in the normal conduct of such Persons business;

(iii) Liens
granted by any tenant on its leasehold estate in a Property;

(iv) the
interests of tenants, operators or managers of Properties;

(v) judgment
liens (other than for the payment of taxes, assessments or other governmental charges) securing judgments and other proceedings not constituting
an Event of Default hereunder;

(vi) non-exclusive
licenses of intellectual property rights in the ordinary course of business;

(vii) Liens
securing all obligations under the Existing Mortgage Notes (or any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness thereof) and the other related documentation
in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed (x) $177,400,000 plus (y) the amount of closing fees,
expenses, discounts and other amounts paid in connection therewith; or

(viii) Liens
existing on or before the Issue Date.

13 

Permitted Refinancing
Indebtedness means Debt of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries issued in exchange for, or the net proceeds of which are
used to, or which serves to, extend, refinance, modify, renew, replace, defease, discharge or refund other Debt of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries (other than intercompany Debt); provided that:

(A) the principal amount
(or accreted value, if applicable) of such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value,
if applicable) of the Debt so extended, refinanced, modified, renewed, replaced, discharged or refunded except by an amount equal to accrued
and unpaid interest and premium (including tender premiums) thereon plus other amounts paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection
with such modification, refinancing, refunding, replacement, substitution, renewal or extension and by an amount equal to any existing
revolving commitments unutilized thereunder to the extent that the portion of any existing and unutilized revolving commitment being refinanced
was permitted to be drawn immediately prior to such refinancing and such drawing shall be deemed to have been made;

(B) the Permitted Refinancing
Indebtedness has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity at the time such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is incurred which is not less
than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Debt being extended, refinanced, modified, renewed, replaced, defeased, discharged
or refunded; and

(C) if the Debt being
extended, refinanced, modified, renewed, replaced, defeased, discharged or refunded is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes,
the Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness resulting from such extension, refinancing, modification, renewal, replacement, defeasance, discharge
or refund is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes on terms at least as favorable to Holders as those contained in the documentation
governing the indebtedness being extended, refinanced, modified, renewed, replaced, defeased, discharged or refunded.

For the avoidance of doubt,
Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness includes successive incurrences of Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness of the same Debt.

Person
means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated
organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

Place
of Payment means the place or places where the principal of (and premium, if any) and any interest on the Notes are
payable as specified as contemplated by Section 10.02.

Predecessor Note
means every previous Note evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such particular Note and, for the purposes
of this definition, any Note authenticated and delivered under Section 3.06 in exchange for or in lieu of a mutilated, destroyed,
lost or stolen Note shall be deemed to evidence the same debt as the mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note.

Preferred Stock
means, with respect to any Person, any and all Capital Stock that has a preference on liquidation or with respect to distributions over
any other class of Capital Stock, including preferred partnership interests, whether general or limited, or such Persons preferred
or preference stock, whether outstanding on the Issue Date or issued thereafter, including all series and classes of such preferred or
preference stock.

14 

Property
means any parcel of real property, together with all improvements thereon.

Record Date
for the interest payable on any Interest Payment Date, if any, means January 15 and July 15 (in each case, whether or not a
Business Day) immediately before such Interest Payment Date.

Redemption Date
means the date fixed for redemption of the Notes by or pursuant to this Indenture.

Redemption Price
means the price at which the Notes are to be redeemed pursuant to this Indenture.

Responsible Officer,
when used with respect to the Trustee, means the chairman or any vice-chairman of the board of directors, the chairman or any vice-chairman
of the executive committee of the board of directors, the chairman of the trust committee, the president, any vice president, the secretary,
any assistant secretary, the treasurer, any assistant treasurer, the cashier, any assistant cashier, any trust officer or assistant trust
officer, the controller or any assistant controller or any other officer of the Trustee customarily performing functions similar to those
performed by any of the above designated officers and also means, with respect to a particular corporate trust matter, any other officer
to whom such matter is referred because of his or her knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and who shall have responsibility
for the administration of this Indenture.

Secured Debt
means Debt secured by a Lien on the property of the Company or its Subsidiaries.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933 and any statute successor thereto, in each case as amended from time to time.

Security Register
and Security Registrar have the respective meanings specified in Section 3.05(a).

September 2029
Notes means the Companys $609,999,000 in aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes due 2029, issued pursuant
to any September 2029 Notes Indenture.

September 2029
Notes Indentures means (1) that certain Indenture, dated as of June 20, 2024, among the Company, certain other Subsidiaries
of the Company from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent, as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, and (2) that certain Indenture, dated
as of October 8, 2024, among the Company, certain other Subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank
Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time.

Significant Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary which is a significant subsidiary (within the meaning of Regulation S-X promulgated by the Commission
under the Securities Act) of the Company.

15 

Special
Record Date for the payment of any Defaulted Interest means a date fixed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 3.07.

Standard &
Poors means Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a Standard & Poors Financial Services
LLC business, or any successor thereof.

Stated Maturity,
when used with respect to the Notes or any installment of principal or interest thereon, means the date specified in the Notes as the
fixed date on which the principal of such Note or such installment of principal or interest thereon is due and payable.

Statistical Release
means the statistical release designated H.15(519) or any successor publication which is published weekly by the Federal
Reserve System and which establishes yields on actively traded United States government securities adjusted to constant maturities or,
if such statistical release (or any successor publication) is not published at the time of any determination under this Indenture, then
such other reasonably comparable index which shall be designated by the Company.

Subordinated Debt
means Debt which by the terms of such Debt is subordinated in right of payment to the principal and interest and premium, if any, on the
Notes.

Subsidiary
means any corporation or other Person of which a majority of (i) the voting power of the voting equity securities or (ii) the
outstanding equity interests of which are owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company or one or more other Subsidiaries of the Company,
and which is required to be consolidated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. For the purposes of this definition,
voting equity securities means equity securities having voting power for the election of directors or persons serving comparable
functions as directors, whether at all times or only so long as no senior class of security has such voting power by reason of any contingency.

Subsidiary Guarantee
means, individually, any Guarantee of payment of the Notes by a Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to the terms of Article Twelve of this
Indenture.

Subsidiary Guarantor
means each Initial Subsidiary Guarantor and any other Subsidiary of the Company that provides a Subsidiary Guarantee of the Notes in accordance
with this Indenture; provided that upon the release or discharge of such Person from its Subsidiary Guarantee in accordance with
this Indenture, such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary Guarantor.

Subsidiary Guarantor
Assets has the meaning specified in Section 10.11(a).

Subsidiary Guarantor
Asset Sale Redemption has the meaning specified in Section 11.01(b).

Total Assets
as of any date means the sum of (i) the Undepreciated Real Estate Assets, (ii) the Fair Value of all Equity Method Investments
of the Company and its Subsidiaries and (iii) all other assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries on such date determined in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles (but excluding accounts receivable and intangibles); provided that the portion of
Total Assets attributable to Equity Method Investments of the Company and its Subsidiaries may not exceed 35%.

16 

Total Unencumbered
Assets as of any date means the sum of (i) those Undepreciated Real Estate Assets not securing any portion of Secured
Debt, (ii) the Fair Value of all Equity Method Investments of the Company and its Subsidiaries not securing any portion of Secured
Debt and (iii) all other assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries not securing any portion of Secured Debt on such date determined
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (but excluding accounts receivable and intangibles); provided that,
in determining Total Unencumbered Assets as a percentage of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Unsecured Debt of the Company
and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for purposes of the covenant set forth in Section 10.08 of this Indenture, Joint Venture
Interests shall be excluded from Total Unencumbered Assets to the extent such Joint Venture Interests would otherwise be included therein;
and provided further that the portion of Total Unencumbered Assets attributable to Equity Method Investments of the Company and its Subsidiaries
may not exceed 35%.

Treasury Rate
means, as of any Redemption Date, the weekly average rounded to the nearest 1/100th of a percentage point (for the most recently completed
week for which such information is available as of the date that is two Business Days prior to such Redemption Date) of the yield to maturity
of U.S. Treasury securities with a constant maturity (as compiled and published in the Statistical Release with respect to each applicable
day during such week) most nearly equal to the period from such Redemption Date to March 12, 2027; provided, however, that
if the period from the Redemption Date to March 12, 2027 is not equal to the constant maturity of a U.S. Treasury security for which
such a yield is given, the Treasury Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from
the weekly average yields of U.S. Treasury securities for which such yields are given, except that if the period from such Redemption
Date to March 12, 2027 is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to a
constant maturity of one year will be used.

Trust Indenture
Act means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 as in effect at the date as of which this instrument was executed provided,
however, that in the event the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 is amended after such date, Trust Indenture Act means,
to the extent required by any such amendment, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 as so amended.

Trustee
means the Person named as the Trustee in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor Trustee shall have become
such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter Trustee shall mean or include each Person who
is then a Trustee hereunder.

UCC means the Uniform Commercial
Code as in effect in any applicable jurisdiction.

Undepreciated Real
Estate Assets as of any date means the cost (original cost plus capital improvements) of real estate assets of the Company
and its Subsidiaries on such date, before depreciation and amortization, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles.

Unsecured Debt
means any Debt of the Company or its Subsidiaries which is not Secured Debt.

17 

Vice President,
when used with respect to the Company or the Trustee, means any vice president, whether or not designated by a number or a word or words
added before or after the title vice president.

Weighted Average
Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Debt at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing: (a) the sum of
the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required
payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest
one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment; by (b) the then outstanding principal amount of such
Debt.

Section 1.02. Compliance
Certificates and Opinions

Except (x) in connection
with any action related to the issuance of the Initial Notes on (or immediately promptly after) the Issue Date or (y) as otherwise
specified in this Indenture, upon any application or request by the Company to the Trustee to take or refrain from taking any action under
any provision of this Indenture, the Company shall, upon request by the Trustee, furnish to the Trustee (i) an Officers Certificate
stating that, in the opinion of the signers, all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed
action have been complied with and (ii) an Opinion of Counsel stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent
have been complied with.

Every certificate or opinion
with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture (except for certificates provided for in Section 10.04)
shall include

(i) a
statement that each individual signing such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition and the definitions herein relating
thereto

(ii) a
brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such
certificate or opinion are based

(iii) a
statement that, in the opinion of each such individual, such individual has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to
enable him or her to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with and

(iv) a
statement as to whether, in the opinion of each such individual, such condition or covenant has been complied with.

Section 1.03. Form of
Documents Delivered to Trustee

In
any case where several matters are required to be certified by, or covered by an opinion of, any specified Person, it is not necessary
that all such matters be certified by, or covered by the opinion of, only one such Person, or that they be so certified or covered by
only one document, but one such Person may certify or give an opinion with respect to some matters and one or more other such Persons
as to other matters, and any such Person may certify or give an opinion as to such matters in one or several documents.

18 

Any certificate or opinion
of an officer of the Company may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations
by, counsel. Any such certificate or any Opinion of Counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, upon a certificate
or opinion of, or representations by, an officer or officers of the Company stating that the information with respect to such factual
matters is in the possession of the Company.

Where any Person is required
to make, give or execute two or more applications, requests, consents, certificates, statements, opinions or other instruments under this
Indenture, they may, but need not, be consolidated and form one instrument.

Section 1.04. Acts
of Holders Record Dates

Any request, demand, authorization,
direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided or permitted by this Indenture to be given, made or taken by Holders may be
embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such Holders in person or by agent duly
appointed in writing and, except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become effective when such instrument
or instruments are delivered to the Trustee and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the Company. Such instrument or instruments
(and the action embodied therein and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes referred to as the Act of the Holders
signing such instrument or instruments. Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent shall be sufficient
for any purpose of this Indenture and (subject to Section 6.01) conclusive in favor of the Trustee and the Company, if made in the
manner provided in this Section.

The fact and date of the execution
by any Person of any such instrument or writing may be proved by the affidavit of a witness of such execution or by a certificate of a
notary public or other officer authorized by law to take acknowledgments of deeds, certifying that the individual signing such instrument
or writing acknowledged to him or her the execution thereof. Where such execution is by a signer acting in a capacity other than his or
her individual capacity, such certificate or affidavit shall also constitute sufficient proof of his or her authority. The fact and date
of the execution of any such instrument or writing, or the authority of the Person executing the same, may also be proved in any other
manner which the Trustee deems sufficient.

The ownership of Notes shall
be proved by the Security Register.

Any request, demand, authorization,
direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act of the Holder of the Notes shall bind every future Holder of the Notes and the Holder
of every Note issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof in respect of anything done,
omitted or suffered to be done by the Trustee or the Company in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made upon
such Note.

19 

The Company may set any day
as a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders of Outstanding Notes entitled to give, make or take any request, demand, authorization,
direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided or permitted by this Indenture to be given, made or taken by Holders of Notes
provided that the Company may not set a record date for, and the provisions of this paragraph shall not apply with respect to,
the giving or making of any notice, declaration, request or direction referred to in the next paragraph. If any record date is set pursuant
to this paragraph, the Holders of Outstanding Notes on such record date, and no other Holders, shall be entitled to take the relevant
action, whether or not such Holders remain Holders after such record date; provided that no such action shall be effective hereunder
unless taken on or prior to the applicable Expiration Date by Holders of the requisite principal amount of Outstanding Notes on such record
date. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to prevent the Company from setting a new record date for any action for which a record
date has previously been set pursuant to this paragraph (whereupon the record date previously set shall automatically and with no action
by any Person be cancelled and of no effect), and nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to render ineffective any action taken
by Holders of the requisite principal amount of Outstanding Notes on the date such action is taken. Promptly after any record date is
set pursuant to this paragraph, the Company, at its own expense, shall cause notice of such record date, the proposed action by Holders
and the applicable Expiration Date to be given to the Trustee in writing and to each Holder of Notes in the manner set forth in Section 1.06.

The Trustee may set any day
as a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders of Outstanding Notes entitled to join in the giving or making of (i) any
Notice of Default, (ii) any declaration of acceleration referred to in Section 5.02, (iii) any request to institute proceedings
referred to in Section 5.07(b) or (iv) any direction referred to in Section 5.12, in each case with respect to the
Notes. If any record date is set pursuant to this paragraph, the Holders of Outstanding Notes on such record date, and no other Holders,
shall be entitled to join in such notice, declaration, request or direction, whether or not such Holders remain Holders after such record
date; provided that no such action shall be effective hereunder unless taken on or prior to the applicable Expiration Date by Holders
of the requisite principal amount of Outstanding Notes on such record date. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to prevent the
Trustee from setting a new record date for any action for which a record date has previously been set pursuant to this paragraph (whereupon
the record date previously set shall automatically and with no action by any Person be cancelled and of no effect), and nothing in this
paragraph shall be construed to render ineffective any action taken by Holders of the requisite principal amount of Outstanding on the
date such action is taken. Promptly after any record date is set pursuant to this paragraph, the Trustee, at the Companys expense,
shall cause notice of such record date, the proposed action by Holders and the applicable Expiration Date to be given to the Company in
writing and to each Holder of Notes in the manner set forth in Section 1.06.

With respect to any record
date set pursuant to this Section 1.04, the party hereto that sets such record date may designate any day as the Expiration
Date and from time to time may change the Expiration Date to any earlier or later day; provided that no such change
shall be effective unless notice of the proposed new Expiration Date is given to the other party in writing, and to each Holder of Notes
in the manner set forth in Section 1.06, on or prior to the existing Expiration Date. If an Expiration Date is not designated with
respect to any record date set pursuant to this Section 1.04, the party hereto that sets such record date shall be deemed to have
initially designated the 180th day after such record date as the Expiration Date with respect thereto, subject to its right to change
the Expiration Date as provided in this paragraph.

Without limiting the foregoing,
a Holder entitled hereunder to take any action hereunder with regard to the Notes may do so with regard to all or any part of the principal
amount of such Note or by one or more duly appointed agents each of which may do so pursuant to such appointment with regard to all or
any part of such principal amount.

20 

Section 1.05. Notices,
Etc., to Trustee and Company

Any request, demand, authorization,
direction, notice, consent, waiver or Act of Holders or other document provided or permitted by this Indenture to be made upon, given
or furnished to, or filed with

(i) the
Trustee by any Holder or by the Company shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if made, given, furnished or filed in writing
(which may be by electronic mail) to or with the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office, Attention: Office Properties Income Trust; 8.000%
Senior Priority Guaranteed Unsecured Notes due 2030 or

(ii) the
Company by the Trustee or by any Holder shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if
in writing and delivered by electronic means of transmission or to the address listed in Section 1.16.

Section 1.06. Notice
to Holders Waiver

Where this Indenture provides
for notice to Holders of any event, such notice shall be sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if in writing
and mailed, first-class postage prepaid, to each Holder affected by such event, at the address of such Holder as it appears in the Security
Register, not later than the latest date (if any), and not earlier than the earliest date (if any), prescribed for the giving of such
notice. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture or the Notes other than a provision that expressly states that this paragraph
is not applicable to the Notes, when this Indenture or the Notes provides for notice of any event (including any notice of redemption)
to a Holder of Notes in global form (whether by mail or otherwise), such notice shall be sufficiently given if given to the Depositary
for the Notes (or its designee) pursuant to the customary procedures of such Depositary. In any case where notice to Holders is given
by mail, neither the failure to mail such notice, nor any defect in any notice so mailed, to any particular Holder shall affect the sufficiency
of such notice with respect to other Holders. Where this Indenture provides for notice in any manner, such notice may be waived in writing
by the Person entitled to receive such notice, either before or after the event, and such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice.
Waivers of notice by Holders shall be filed with the Trustee, but such filing shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any
action taken in reliance upon such waiver.

In case by reason of the suspension
of regular mail service or by reason of any other cause it shall be impracticable to give such notice by mail, then such notification
as shall be made with the approval of the Trustee shall constitute a sufficient notification for every purpose hereunder.

Section 1.07. Trust
Indenture Act

Except with respect to specific
provisions of the Trust Indenture Act expressly referenced in the provisions of this Indenture, the Trust Indenture Act shall not be applicable
to, and shall not govern, this Indenture and the Notes.

21 

Section 1.08. Effect
of Headings and Table of Contents

The Article and Section headings
herein and the Table of Contents hereof are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

Section 1.09. Successors
and Assigns

All covenants and agreements
in this Indenture by the Company shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not.

Section 1.10. Separability
Clause

In case any provision in this
Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions
shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 1.11. Benefits
of Indenture

Nothing in this Indenture
or in the Notes, express or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto and their successors hereunder and the Holders
of Notes any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture.

Section 1.12. Governing
Law

This Indenture and the Notes
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

Section 1.13. Legal
Holidays

If any Interest Payment Date,
Redemption Date, including pursuant to an Asset Sale for the Notes, or the Stated Maturity for the principal of the Notes falls on a day
that is not a Business Day, the payment otherwise payable on such day will be due and payable on the next succeeding Business Day, and
no interest will accrue thereon for the period from and after such Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date, including pursuant to an Asset
Sale, or the Stated Maturity, as the case may be, through such next succeeding Business Day.

Section 1.14. Language
of Notices, Etc.

Any request, demand, authorization,
direction, notice, consent or waiver required or permitted under this Indenture shall be in the English language, except that any published
notice may be in an official language of the country of publication.

Section 1.15. No
Personal Liability

THE AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION
OF TRUST ESTABLISHING OFFICE PROPERTIES INCOME TRUST (FORMERLY KNOWN AS SELECT INCOME REIT), DATED JUNE 8, 2009, AS AMENDED, AS FILED
WITH THE STATE DEPARTMENT OF ASSESSMENTS AND TAXATION OF MARYLAND, PROVIDES THAT NO TRUSTEE, OFFICER, SHAREHOLDER, EMPLOYEE OR AGENT OF
OFFICE PROPERTIES INCOME TRUST SHALL BE HELD TO ANY PERSONAL LIABILITY, JOINTLY OR SEVERALLY, FOR ANY OBLIGATION OF, OR CLAIM AGAINST,
OFFICE PROPERTIES INCOME TRUST. ALL PERSONS DEALING WITH OFFICE PROPERTIES INCOME TRUST IN ANY WAY SHALL LOOK ONLY TO THE ASSETS OF OFFICE
PROPERTIES INCOME TRUST FOR THE PAYMENT OF ANY SUM OR THE PERFORMANCE OF ANY OBLIGATION.

22 

Section 1.16. Notices

Notices to the Company or
any Subsidiary Guarantor shall be directed to it at Two Newton Place, 255 Washington Street, Suite 300, Newton, Massachusetts 02458-1634,
email: ir@opireit.com, Attention: President; notices to the Trustee shall be directed to it at One Federal Street, 3rd Floor, Boston,
Massachusetts 02110, email: david.doucette@usbank.com, fax number (617) 603-6683, Attention: Corporate Trust Department, re: Office Properties
Income Trust 8.000% Senior Priority Guaranteed Unsecured Notes due 2030, or as to any party, at such other address as shall be designated
by such party in a written notice to the other parties. All notices and communications (other than those sent to Holders of the Notes)
shall be deemed to have been duly given: at the time delivered by hand, if personally delivered; five (5) calendar days after mailing
if sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid (except that a notice of change of address shall not be deemed to have been given
until actually received by the addressee); when receipt is acknowledged, if sent by e-mail or facsimile; and the next Business Day after
timely delivery to the courier, if sent by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery.

Section 1.17. Counterparts

This Indenture may be executed
in several counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which shall constitute but one and the same instrument. The words
execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Indenture or in any other certificate,
agreement or document related to this Indenture or the Notes shall include images of manually executed signatures transmitted by facsimile
or other electronic format (including, without limitation, pdf, tif or jpg) and other electronic
signatures (including, without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign). The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including,
without limitation, any contract or other record created, generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by electronic means) shall
be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based recordkeeping system
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including the ESIGN Act of 2000, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records
Act and any other applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the
UCC. The Trustee shall have the right to accept and act upon any notice, instruction, or other communication, including any funds transfer
instruction, (each, a Notice) received pursuant to this Indenture by electronic transmission (including by e-mail,
facsimile transmission, web portal or other electronic methods) and shall not have any duty to confirm that the person sending such Notice
is, in fact, a person authorized to do so. Electronic signatures believed by the Trustee to comply with the ESIGN Act of 2000 or other
applicable law (including electronic images of handwritten signatures and digital signatures provided by DocuSign, Orbit, Adobe Sign or
any other digital signature provider identified by any other party hereto and acceptable to the Trustee) shall be deemed original signatures
for all purposes. Each other party to this Indenture assumes all risks arising out of the use of electronic signatures and electronic
methods to send Notices to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on an unauthorized Notice and the
risk of interception or misuse by third parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee may in any instance and in its sole discretion
require that a Notice in the form of an original document bearing a manual signature be delivered to the Trustee in lieu of, or in addition
to, any such electronic Notice.

23 

ARTICLE Two

INTEREST
RATE; INTEREST PAYMENTS

Section 2.01. Interest
Rate; Interest Payments

(a) Unless
previously redeemed, the Notes will bear interest at 8.000% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on January 31 and July 31
of each year, commencing July 31, 2025 (each of which shall be an Interest Payment Date), to the Persons in
whose names the Notes are registered in the Security Register at the close of business on the Record Date, which shall be January 15
or July 15 (in each case, whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, immediately before such Interest Payment Date.

(b) Interest
on the Notes will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months.

(c) If
any scheduled Interest Payment Date, the Stated Maturity or any Redemption Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the applicable
payment will be made on the next Business Day and no interest will accrue thereon for the period from and after such Interest Payment
Date, the Stated Maturity or such Redemption Date.

ARTICLE Three

the
notes

Section 3.01. Form and
Dating

Provisions relating to the
Notes are set forth in Appendix A, which is hereby incorporated in and expressly made a part of this Indenture. The (i) Initial Notes
and the Trustees (or the Authenticating Agents) certificate of authentication and (ii) any Additional Notes and the
Trustees certificate of authentication shall each be substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto, with such
appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are required or permitted by this Indenture. The Notes may have
notations, legends or endorsements required by law, the rules of any securities exchange agreements to which the Company is subject,
if any, or usage; provided that any such notation, legend or endorsement is in form reasonably acceptable to the Company. The Company
shall approve the form of the Notes. Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication. The terms and provisions contained in the
form of the Notes shall constitute and are hereby expressly made a part of this Indenture.

24 

Section 3.02. Denominations

The Notes shall be issued
only in registered form without coupons and only in minimum denominations of $2,000 in principal amount and any integral multiples of
$1,000 in excess thereof.

Section 3.03. Execution,
Authentication, Delivery and Dating

The Notes shall be executed
on behalf of the Company by a Responsible Officer. The signature of any of these officers on the Notes may be manual, electronic (including
DocuSign or other electronic platform) or facsimile.

Notes bearing the manual,
electronic (including DocuSign or other electronic platform) or facsimile signatures of individuals who were at any time the proper officers
of the Company shall bind the Company, notwithstanding that such individuals or any of them have ceased to hold such offices prior to
the authentication and delivery of such Notes or did not hold such offices at the date of such Notes.

The Company shall execute
and, upon receipt of a Company Order, the Trustee shall authenticate (whether itself or via the Authenticating Agent), which such authentication
may be by manual, electronic (including DocuSign or other electronic platform) or facsimile signature, (a) on (or immediately promptly
after) the Issue Date, Initial Notes for original issue up to an aggregate principal amount of $14,439,000 and (b) subject to
the terms of this Indenture, Additional Notes in an aggregate principal amount to be determined at the time of issuance and specified
therein. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or Appendix A, any issuance of Additional Notes after the Issue Date
shall be in minimum denominations of $2,000 in principal amount and any integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.

The Trustee may appoint an
Authenticating Agent reasonably acceptable to the Company to authenticate the Notes. Unless limited by the terms of such appointment,
any such Authenticating Agent may authenticate Notes whenever the Trustee may do so. Each reference in this Indenture to authentication
by the Trustee includes authentication by any such agent. An Authenticating Agent has the same rights as any Security Registrar, co-Security
Registrar, Paying Agent or transfer agent to deal with the Company or an Affiliate of the Company.

No Note shall be entitled
to any benefit under this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose unless there appears on such Note a certificate of authentication
substantially in the form provided for herein executed by the Trustee by manual or electronic signature, and such certificate upon any
Note shall be conclusive evidence, and the only evidence, that such Note has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if any Note shall have been authenticated and delivered hereunder but never issued and sold by the Company, and the Company
shall deliver such Note to the Trustee for cancellation as provided in Section 3.09, for all purposes of this Indenture such Note
shall be deemed never to have been authenticated and delivered hereunder and shall never be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture.

Section 3.04. Temporary
Notes

Pending the preparation of
definitive Notes, the Company may execute, and upon Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, temporary Notes which are
printed, lithographed, typewritten, mimeographed or otherwise produced, in any authorized denomination, substantially of the tenor of
the definitive Notes in lieu of which they are issued and with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations
as the officers executing such Notes may determine, as evidenced by their execution of such Notes.

25 

If temporary Notes are issued,
the Company will cause definitive Notes to be prepared without unreasonable delay. After the preparation of definitive Notes, the temporary
Notes shall be exchangeable for definitive Notes upon surrender of the temporary Notes at the office or agency of the Company in a Place
of Payment, without charge to the Holder. Upon surrender for cancellation of any one or more temporary Notes, the Company shall execute
and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor one or more definitive Notes, of any authorized denominations and
of like tenor and aggregate principal amount. Until so exchanged, the temporary Notes shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits
under this Indenture.

Section 3.05. Registration,
Registration of Transfer and Exchange

(a) The
Company shall cause to be kept at an office or agency to be maintained by the Company in accordance with Section 10.02 a register
(being the combined register of the Security Registrar and all transfer agents designated pursuant to Section 10.02 for the purpose
of registration of transfer of Notes and sometimes collectively referred to as the Security Register) in which, subject
to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, the Company shall provide for the registration of Notes and the registration of transfers
of Notes. The Trustee is hereby appointed Security Registrar for the purpose of registering Notes and transfers of
Notes as herein provided.

(b) The
Notes shall be issued in registered form and shall be transferable only upon the surrender of a Note for registration of transfer and
in compliance with Appendix A. A transferee of the Notes shall be deemed to have represented and agreed to the matters as provided in
Appendix A. A transfer in violation of the requirements of Appendix A shall be void ab initio.

(c) Subject
to Section 3.05(b), upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Note at the office or agency of the Company maintained pursuant
to Section 10.02 for such purpose in a Place of Payment for that Note, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate
and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new Notes, of any authorized denominations and of like
tenor and aggregate principal amount.

(d) All
Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes shall be the valid obligations of the Company, evidencing the same
debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as the Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.

(e) Every
Note presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange shall (if so required by the Company or the Trustee or any
transfer agent) be duly endorsed, or be accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security
Registrar duly executed, by the Holder thereof or the attorney of such Holder duly authorized in writing.

(f) No
service charge shall be made for any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient
to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes,
other than exchanges pursuant to Section 3.04, 9.05 or 11.08 not involving any transfer.

26 

(g) If
the Notes are to be redeemed in part, the Company shall not be required (A) to issue, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes
during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before any selection of Notes to be redeemed and ending at the close of business
on the day of the mailing of the relevant notice of redemption, or (B) to register the transfer of or exchange any Note so selected
for redemption, in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part.

Section 3.06. Mutilated,
Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Notes

If any mutilated Note is surrendered
to the Trustee, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor a new Note of like tenor
and principal amount and bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding.

If there shall be delivered
to the Company and the Trustee (a) evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Note and (b) such
security or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them and any agent of either of them harmless, then, in the absence of
notice to the Company or the Trustee that such Note has been acquired by a bona fide purchaser, the Company shall execute and the Trustee
shall authenticate and deliver, in lieu of any such destroyed, lost or stolen Note, a new Note of like tenor and principal amount and
bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding.

Notwithstanding the provisions
of the previous two paragraphs, in case any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note has become or is about to become due and payable,
the Company in its discretion may, instead of issuing a new Note, pay such Note.

Upon the issuance of any new
Note under this Section, the Company may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may
be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Trustee) connected therewith.

Every new Note issued pursuant
to this Section in lieu of any destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall constitute an original additional contractual obligation of the
Company, whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be at any time enforceable by anyone, and shall be entitled to all the
benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Notes duly issued hereunder.

The provisions of this Section are
exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated,
destroyed, lost or stolen Notes.

Section 3.07. Payment
of Interest Interest Rights Preserved

Interest on any Note which
is payable, and is punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date shall be paid to the Person in whose name that Note
(or one or more Predecessor Notes) is registered at the close of business on the Record Date for such interest.

27 

The Company shall pay interest
(including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue principal at a rate equal to the then applicable
interest rate on the Notes to the extent lawful; the Company shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under
any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace period) at the same rate to the extent
lawful.

Any interest on any Note which
is payable, but is not punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date (or the corresponding succeeding Business Day)
(herein called Defaulted Interest) shall forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on the relevant Record Date
by virtue of having been such Holder, and such Defaulted Interest may be paid by the Company, at its election in each case, as provided
in clause (a) or (b) below:

(a) The
Company may elect to make payment of any Defaulted Interest to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or respective Predecessor Notes)
are registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest, which shall be fixed in the
following manner. The Company shall notify the Trustee in writing of the amount of Defaulted Interest proposed to be paid on the Notes
and the date of the proposed payment, and at the same time the Company shall deposit with the Trustee an amount of money equal to the
aggregate amount proposed to be paid in respect of such Defaulted Interest or shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for
such deposit prior to the date of the proposed payment, such money when deposited to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled
to such Defaulted Interest as in this Section 3.07 provided. Thereupon the Trustee shall fix a Special Record Date for the payment
of such Defaulted Interest which shall be not more than 15 days and not less than 10 days prior to the date of the proposed payment and
not less than 10 days after the receipt by the Trustee of the notice of the proposed payment. The Trustee shall promptly notify the Company
of such Special Record Date and, in the name and at the expense of the Company, shall cause notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted
Interest and the Special Record Date therefor to be given to each Holder in the manner set forth in Section 1.06, not less than 10
days prior to such Special Record Date. Notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Interest and the Special Record Date therefor
having been so mailed, such Defaulted Interest shall be paid to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or respective Predecessor Notes)
are registered at the close of business on such Special Record Date and shall no longer be payable pursuant to the following clause (b).

(b) The
Company may make payment of any Defaulted Interest on the Notes in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any
securities exchange on which such Notes may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, if, after notice given
by the Company to the Trustee of the proposed payment pursuant to this Section 3.07, such manner of payment shall be deemed practicable
by the Trustee.

Subject to the foregoing provisions
of this Section 3.07, each Note delivered under this Indenture upon registration of transfer of or in exchange for or in lieu of
any other Note shall carry the rights to interest accrued and unpaid, and to accrue, which were carried by such other Note.

28 

Section 3.08. Persons
Deemed Owners

Prior to due presentment of
a Note for registration of transfer, the Company, each Subsidiary Guarantor, the Trustee and any agent of the Company, any Subsidiary
Guarantor or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name such Note is registered as the owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving
payment of principal, premium, if any, and any interest (subject to Section 3.07), if any on, such Note and for all other purposes
whatsoever, whether or not such Note be overdue, and neither the Company, any Subsidiary Guarantor, the Trustee nor any agent of the Company,
any Subsidiary Guarantor or the Trustee shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

Section 3.09. Cancellation

All Notes surrendered for
payment, redemption, registration of transfer or exchange shall, if surrendered to any Person other than the Trustee, be delivered to
the Trustee and shall be promptly cancelled by it. The Company may at any time deliver to the Trustee for cancellation any Notes previously
authenticated and delivered hereunder which the Company may have acquired in any manner whatsoever, and may deliver to the Trustee (or
to any other Person for delivery to the Trustee) for cancellation any Notes previously authenticated hereunder which the Company has not
issued and sold, and all Notes so delivered shall be promptly cancelled by the Trustee. No Notes shall be authenticated in lieu of or
in exchange for any Notes cancelled as provided in this Section 3.09, except as expressly permitted by this Indenture. All cancelled
Notes held by the Trustee shall be disposed of as directed by a Company Order or, in the absence of such a Company Order, in the Trustees
customary manner, which manner shall be communicated in writing to the Company.

Section 3.10. Currency

The principal of each Note
payable at its Maturity shall be paid against presentation and surrender thereof at the Corporate Trust Office, in such coin or currency
of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for the payment of public or private debts.

Section 3.11. ISIN/CUSIP
Numbers

The Company, in issuing the
Notes, may use ISIN and/or CUSIP numbers (if then generally in use), and, if so, the Trustee shall use such
ISIN and/or CUSIP numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders provided that
any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or as contained
in any notice of a redemption and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Notes, and any such
redemption shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers. The Company will notify the Trustee of any change in ISIN
and/or CUSIP numbers.

Section 3.12. Amount

The aggregate principal amount
of Notes that may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is unlimited. The aggregate principal amount of Notes which may
be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture on the Issue Date is $14,439,000.

29 

Subject to Section 10.07,
the Company may, from time to time after the Issue Date, without notice to or consent of the Holders, create and issue Additional Notes
under this Indenture. Furthermore, Notes may be authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer, exchange or in lieu of, other
Notes pursuant to Sections 3.04, 3.05, 3.06, 3.09, 11.08 or Appendix A. With respect to any Additional Notes issued after the Issue Date,
there shall be (a) established in or pursuant to a Board Resolution and (b) (i) set forth or determined in the manner provided
in an Officers Certificate or (ii) established in one or more indentures supplemental hereto, prior to the issuance of such
Additional Notes:

(1) the aggregate principal amount of such Additional Notes which may be authenticated and delivered under
this Indenture;

(2) the issue price and issuance date of such Additional Notes, including the date from which interest on
such Additional Notes shall accrue; and

(3) if applicable, that such Additional Notes shall be issuable in whole or in part in the form of one or
more Global Notes and, in such case, the Depositary for such Global Notes, the form of any legend or legends which shall be borne by such
Global Notes in addition to or in lieu of those set forth in Appendix A hereto and any circumstances in addition to or in lieu of those
set forth in Section 2.2 of Appendix A in which any such Global Note may be exchanged in whole or in part for Additional Notes
registered, or any transfer of such Global Notes in whole or in part may be registered, in the name or names of Persons other than the
Depositary for such Global Note or a nominee thereof.

If any terms of any Additional
Notes are established by action taken pursuant to a Board Resolution, a copy of an appropriate record of such action shall be certified
by the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the Company and delivered to the Trustee at or prior to the delivery of the Officers
Certificate or an indenture supplemental hereto setting forth the terms of the Additional Notes.

The Initial Notes and any
Additional Notes will, at the Companys option, be treated as a single class for all purposes under this Indenture, including, without
limitation, requests, demands, authorizations, directions, notices, consents, waivers or other actions hereunder; provided, that
if the Additional Notes are not fungible with the Initial Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Additional Notes will have a
separate CUSIP number and/or ISIN, if applicable.

ARTICLE Four

Satisfaction
and Discharge

Section 4.01. Satisfaction
and Discharge of Indenture

This Indenture shall upon
Company Request cease to be of further effect (except as to any surviving rights of registration of transfer or exchange of Notes herein
expressly provided for), and the Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging satisfaction and
discharge of this Indenture, when

(a) either

(i) all
Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than (A) Notes which have been destroyed, lost or stolen and which have been
replaced or paid as provided in Section 3.06 and (B) Notes for whose payment money has theretofore been deposited in trust or
segregated and held in trust by the Company and thereafter repaid to the Company or discharged from such trust, as provided in Section 10.03)
have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation or

30 

(ii) all
such Notes not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation

(A) have
become due and payable, or

(B) will
become due and payable at their Stated Maturity within one year, or

(C) are
to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the
Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the Company,

and the Company, in the case of (A), (B) or
(C) above, has deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee (i) money in an amount, or (ii) Government Obligations
which through the scheduled payment of principal and interest in respect thereof in accordance with their terms will provide, not later
than one day before the due date of any payment, money in an amount, or (iii) a combination thereof, in each case in an amount sufficient
to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on such Notes not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation, for principal of
(and premium, if any) and any accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, such Notes to the date of such deposit (in the case of Notes which
have become due and payable) or to the Stated Maturity or Redemption Date, as the case may be provided that with respect
to a Redemption Date, if all or a portion of the Redemption Price is based on or consists of a redemption premium that is required to
be calculated based on a treasury rate or other floating or adjustable rate a specified number of days prior to such Redemption Date,
the amount deposited shall be sufficient to the extent that the amount deposited with the Trustee is equal to such redemption premium
calculated as of the date of the notice of redemption, with any deficit on the Redemption Date only required to be deposited with the
Trustee on or prior to the Redemption Date (it being understood that any satisfaction and discharge shall be subject to the condition
subsequent that such deficit is in fact paid)

(b) the
Company has paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable hereunder by the Company and

(c) the
Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent
herein provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture have been complied with.

Notwithstanding the satisfaction
and discharge of this Indenture, the obligations of the Company to the Trustee under Section 6.07, the obligations of the Trustee
to any Authenticating Agent under Section 6.14 and, if money shall have been deposited with the Trustee pursuant to subclause (ii) of
clause (a) of this Section, the obligations of the Trustee under Section 4.02 and the last paragraph of Section 10.03 shall
survive such satisfaction and discharge.

31 

Section 4.02. Application
of Trust Money and Government Obligations

Subject to the provisions
of the last paragraph of Section 10.03, all money and Government Obligations (including the proceeds thereof) deposited with the
Trustee pursuant to Section 4.01 shall be held in trust and applied by it, in accordance with the provisions of the Notes and this
Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Company acting as its own Paying Agent) as the Trustee
may determine, to the Persons entitled thereto, of the principal of (and premium, if any), and any interest on, such Notes for whose payment
such money has been deposited with the Trustee.

The Company shall pay and
indemnify the Trustee against any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against the Government Obligations deposited pursuant
to Section 4.01 or the principal and interest received in respect thereof other than any such tax, fee or other charge which by law
is for the account of the Holders of Outstanding Notes.

ARTICLE Five

Remedies

Section 5.01. Events
of Default

Event of Default,
means any one of the following events (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary
or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of
any administrative or governmental body):

(a) default
in the payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) the Notes at the Stated Maturity, upon redemption or otherwise (including, a
default in making a payment to purchase Notes pursuant to a Subsidiary Guarantor Asset Sale Redemption) on the date specified for payment
in the applicable offer or notice

(b) default
in the payment of any interest on the Notes when it becomes due and payable, and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days

(c) [reserved]

(d) default
in the performance of, or breach of, any covenant of the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor in this Indenture, and continuance of such
default or breach for a period of 60 days after there has been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Company by the Trustee or
to the Company and the Trustee by the Holders of more than 25% in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes a written notice specifying
such default or breach and requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default hereunder

(e) the
Company, a Subsidiary Guarantor or a Significant Subsidiary, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law (i) commences
a voluntary case, (ii) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case, or (iii) consents to
the appointment of a Custodian of it or for all or substantially all of its property

32 

(f) a
court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that: (i) is for relief against the Company, a
Subsidiary Guarantor or a Significant Subsidiary in an involuntary case, (ii) appoints a Custodian of the Company, a Subsidiary Guarantor
or such Significant Subsidiary or for all or substantially all of its property, or (iii) orders the liquidation of the Company, a
Subsidiary Guarantor or such Significant Subsidiary, and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 90 days;

(g) a
default under any bond, debenture, note or other evidence of indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company or a Subsidiary Guarantor,
or under any mortgage, indenture or other instrument of the Company or a Subsidiary Guarantor under which there may be issued or by which
there may be secured any indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company or a Subsidiary Guarantor (or by any Subsidiary, the repayment
of which the Company or a Subsidiary Guarantor has guaranteed or for which the Company or a Subsidiary Guarantor is directly responsible
or liable as obligor or guarantor), whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created, which default shall constitute
a failure to pay an aggregate principal amount exceeding $25,000,000 of such indebtedness when due and payable after the expiration of
any applicable grace period with respect thereto and shall have resulted in such indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount exceeding
$25,000,000 becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise have become due and payable; provided,
however, that if there is no other senior indebtedness of the Company or the Subsidiary Guarantors, the maturity of which would be
accelerated by a default under any of the Companys or the Subsidiary Guarantors indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount
of $25,000,000 or less, the references to $25,000,000 in this clause shall be replaced by the lesser of (i) the indebtedness cross-default
amount contained in the Companys or the Subsidiary Guarantors then existing senior secured credit facility, if any, and
(ii) such other senior indebtedness, as long as such amount is greater than $25,000,000, not to exceed $50,000,000. Such default
shall not be an Event of Default if the indebtedness shall have been discharged, or such acceleration has been rescinded or annulled,
within a period of 10 days after there has been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company
and the Trustee by the Holders of more than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes, a written notice specifying such
default and requiring the Company to cause such indebtedness to be discharged or cause such acceleration to be rescinded or annulled and
stating that such notice is a Notice of Default under this Indenture; or

(h) any
Subsidiary Guarantee of a Subsidiary Guarantor ceases to be in full force and effect (except as contemplated by the terms of this Indenture)
or is declared null and void in a judicial proceeding or any Subsidiary Guarantor denies or disaffirms its obligations under this Indenture
or its Subsidiary Guarantees, as the case may be.

Section 5.02. Acceleration
of Maturity Rescission and Annulment

If
an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default specified in Section 5.01(e) or 5.01(f)) occurs and is continuing, then
in every such case the Trustee or the Holders of not less than a majority of the principal amount of the Outstanding Notes may declare
the principal amount of the Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to be due and payable immediately, by a notice in writing
to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by Holders), and upon any such declaration such principal amount shall become immediately
due and payable. If an Event of Default specified in Section 5.01(e) or 5.01(f) occurs, the principal amount of the Notes
plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, shall automatically, and without any declaration or other action on the part of the Trustee
or any Holder, become immediately due and payable.

33 

At any time after such a declaration
of acceleration with respect to the Notes has been made and before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained
by the Trustee as hereinafter in this Article provided, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes, by
written notice to the Company and the Trustee, may rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences if

(a) the
Company has paid or deposited with the Trustee a sum sufficient to pay

(i) the
principal of (and premium, if any) the Notes which have become due otherwise than by such declaration of acceleration and any interest
thereon,

(ii) to
the extent that payment of such interest is lawful, interest upon overdue interest on the Notes, and

(iii) all
sums paid or advanced by the Trustee hereunder and the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its
agents and counsel and

(b) all
Events of Default, other than the non-payment of the principal on Notes which have become due solely by such declaration of acceleration,
have been cured or waived as provided in Section 5.13.

No such rescission shall affect
any subsequent default or impair any right consequent thereon.

If a default for a failure
to report or failure to deliver a required certificate in connection with another default (such other default, the Initial Default)
occurs, then at the time such Initial Default is cured, the default for a failure to report or failure to deliver a required certificate
in connection with the Initial Default will also be cured without any further action and any default or Event of Default for the failure
to comply with the time periods prescribed under Section 10.10 or otherwise to deliver any notice or certificate pursuant to any
other provision of this Indenture shall be deemed to be cured upon the delivery of any such report required by Section 10.10 or such
notice or certificate, as applicable, even though such delivery is not within the prescribed period specified in this Indenture.

34 

Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that if the Notes are accelerated solely in respect of an Event of Default specified in
Section 5.01(e) or 5.01(f), the premium applicable with respect to an Optional Redemption of the Notes specified in Section 11.01
will also be due and payable as though the Notes were optionally redeemed on the date of such acceleration and shall constitute part of
the Notes Obligations, in view of the impracticability and extreme difficulty of ascertaining actual damages and by mutual agreement of
the parties as to a reasonable calculation of each Holders lost profits as a result thereof. Any premium payable above shall be
presumed to be the liquidated damages (and not unmatured interest under Bankruptcy Law) sustained by each Holder as the result of the
early redemption and the Company and each Subsidiary Guarantor agree that it is reasonable under the circumstances currently existing.
The premium shall also be payable if the Notes (and/or this Indenture) are satisfied or released by foreclosure (whether by power of judicial
proceeding, deed in lieu of foreclosure or by any other means). THE COMPANY AND EACH SUBSIDIARY GUARANTOR EXPRESSLY WAIVE (TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT IT MAY LAWFULLY DO SO) THE PROVISIONS OF ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE STATUTE OR LAW THAT PROHIBITS OR MAY PROHIBIT THE COLLECTION
OF THE FOREGOING PREMIUM IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH ACCELERATION. The Company and each Subsidiary Guarantor expressly agree (to the fullest
extent it may lawfully do so) that: (A) the premium is reasonable and is the product of an arms length transaction between
sophisticated business people, ably represented by counsel; (B) the premium shall be payable notwithstanding the then prevailing
market rates at the time payment is made; (C) there has been a course of conduct between Holders and the Company and the Subsidiary
Guarantors giving specific consideration in this transaction for such agreement to pay the premium; and (D) the Company and each
Subsidiary Guarantor shall be estopped hereafter from claiming differently than as agreed to in this paragraph. The Company and each Subsidiary
Guarantor expressly acknowledge that the agreement to pay the premium to Holders as herein described was a material inducement to Holders
to purchase the Notes.

Section 5.03. Collection
of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee

The Company covenants that
if:

(a) default
is made in the payment of interest on any Note when such interest becomes due and payable and such default continues for a period of 30
days, or

(b) default
is made in the payment of principal of (and premium, if any) the Notes at the Maturity thereof, the Company will, upon demand of the Trustee,
pay to it, for the benefit of the Holders of such Notes, the whole amount then due and payable on such Notes for principal of (and premium,
if any), and interest on the Notes, and, to the extent that payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable, interest on any overdue
principal (and premium, if any) and on any overdue interest, and, in addition thereto, such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover
the costs and expenses of collection, including the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its
agents and counsel.

If an Event of Default with
respect to the Notes occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may in its discretion proceed to protect and enforce its rights and the rights
of the Holders of Notes by such appropriate judicial proceedings as the Trustee shall deem reasonably necessary to protect and enforce
any such rights, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement in this Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any
power granted herein, or to enforce any other proper remedy.

Section 5.04. Trustee
May File Proofs of Claim

In case of any judicial proceeding
relative to the Company (or any other obligor upon the Notes), its property or its creditors, the Trustee shall be entitled and empowered,
by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise, to take any and all actions authorized under the Trust Indenture Act in order to have
claims of the Holders and the Trustee allowed in any such proceeding. In particular, the Trustee shall be authorized to collect and receive
any moneys or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same and any custodian, receiver, assignee,
trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Holder to make
such payments to the Trustee and, in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders,
to pay to the Trustee any amount due it for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents
and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 6.07.

35 

No provision of this Indenture
shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization,
arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Notes or the rights of any Holder thereof or to authorize the Trustee to vote in
respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding provided, however, that the Trustee may, on behalf of the
Holders, vote for the election of a trustee in bankruptcy or similar official and be a member of a creditors or other similar committee.

Section 5.05. Trustee
May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Notes

All rights of action and claims
under this Indenture or the Notes may be prosecuted and enforced by the Trustee without the possession of any of the Notes or the production
thereof in any proceeding relating thereto, and any such proceeding instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee
of an express trust, and any recovery of judgment shall, after provision for the payment of the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements
and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, be for the ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes in respect of which such judgment
has been recovered.

Section 5.06. Application
of Money Collected

Any money collected by the
Trustee pursuant to this Article shall be applied in the following order and at the date or dates fixed by the Trustee and, in case
of the distribution of such money on account of principal or any premium or interest upon presentation of the Notes and the notation thereon
of the payment if only partially paid and upon surrender thereof if fully paid:

FIRST: To the payment of all
amounts due to the Trustee under Section 6.07

SECOND: To the payment of
the amounts then due and unpaid on the Notes for the principal of (and premium, if any), and any interest on, the Notes in respect of
which or for the benefit of which such money has been collected, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind, according to the
amounts due and payable on such Notes for principal of (and premium, if any), and any interest, respectively and

THIRD: To the Company.

Section 5.07. Limitation
on Suits

No Holder shall have any right
to institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture or the Notes, or for the appointment of a receiver
or trustee, or for any other remedy under this Indenture or the Notes, unless

(a) such
Holder has previously given written notice to the Trustee of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Notes

36 

(b) the
Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute
proceedings in respect of such Event of Default in its own name as Trustee hereunder

(c) such
Holder or Holders have offered to the Trustee reasonable indemnity against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred in compliance
with such request

(d) the
Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity has failed to institute any such proceeding
and

(e) no
direction inconsistent with such written request has been given to the Trustee during such 60-day period by the Holders of a majority
in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes

it being understood and intended that no one or
more of such Holders shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision of this Indenture or any
Note to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other of such Holders, or to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference
over any other of such Holders or to enforce any right under this Indenture or any Note, except in the manner herein or therein provided
and for the equal and ratable benefit of all of such Holders.

Section 5.08. Unconditional
Right of Holders to Receive Payment

Notwithstanding any other
provision in this Indenture, the Holder of any Note shall have the right, which is absolute and unconditional, to receive payment of the
principal of (and premium, if any), and any interest on, such Note on the respective Stated Maturities expressed in such Note (or, in
the case of redemption, on the Redemption Date) and to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment, and such rights shall not
be impaired without the consent of such Holder.

Section 5.09. Restoration
of Rights and Remedies

If the Trustee or any Holder
has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture and such proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned
for any reason, or has been determined adversely to the Trustee or to such Holder, then and in every such case, subject to any determination
in such proceeding, the Company, the Trustee and the Holders shall be restored severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder
and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Trustee and the Holders shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted.

Section 5.10. Rights
and Remedies Cumulative

Except as otherwise provided
with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes in the last paragraph of Section 3.06, no
right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy,
and every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given
hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder,
or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy.

37 

Section 5.11. Delay
or Omission Not Waiver

No delay or omission of the
Trustee or of any Holder of any Notes to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Event of Default shall impair any such right or
remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article or
by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or
by the Holders, as the case may be.

Section 5.12. Control
by Holders

The Holders of a majority
in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for
any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee, with respect to the Notes, provided
that

(a) such
direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture, and

(b) the
Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee which is not inconsistent with such direction.

Section 5.13. Waiver
of Past Defaults

The Holders of not less than
a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes may on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes waive any past default hereunder
with respect to such Notes and its consequences, except a default

(a) in
the payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) or interest on the Notes, or

(b) in
respect of a covenant or provision hereof which under Article Nine cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each Holder
of Outstanding Notes affected.

Upon any such waiver, such
default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured, for every purpose of this
Indenture but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other default or impair any right consequent thereon.

Section 5.14. Undertaking
for Costs

In any suit for the enforcement
of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it as Trustee,
a court may require any party litigant in such suit to file an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit, and may assess costs against
any such party litigant, in the manner and to the extent provided in the Trust Indenture Act provided that neither this Section 5.14
nor the Trust Indenture Act shall be deemed to authorize any court to require such an undertaking or to make such an assessment in any
suit instituted by the Company.

38 

Section 5.15. Waiver
of Usury, Stay or Extension Laws

The Company covenants (to
the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon, or plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the
benefit or advantage of, any usury, stay or extension law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, which may affect the
covenants or the performance of this Indenture and the Company (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives
all benefit or advantage of any such law and covenants that it will not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted
to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted.

ARTICLE Six

The
Trustee

Section 6.01. Certain
Duties and Responsibilities

The duties and responsibilities
of the Trustee shall be as provided by this Indenture. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no provision of this Indenture shall require the
Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder,
or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers, if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate
indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. Whether or not therein expressly so provided, every provision
of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Trustee shall be subject to the
provisions of this Section.

Section 6.02. Notice
of Defaults

If a default occurs hereunder
with respect to the Notes, the Trustee shall give the Holders of Notes notice of such default as and to the extent provided by the Trust
Indenture Act provided, however, that in the case of any default of the character specified in clause (d) of
Section 5.01 with respect to the Notes, no such notice to Holders shall be given until at least 30 days after the occurrence thereof.
For the purpose of this Section, the term default means any event which is, or after notice or lapse of time or both
would become, an Event of Default with respect to the Notes.

Section 6.03. Certain
Rights of Trustee

Subject to the provisions of Section 6.01:

(a) the
Trustee may conclusively rely and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement,
instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other
paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties

39 

(b) any
request or direction of the Company mentioned herein shall be sufficiently evidenced by a Company Request or Company Order, and any resolution
of the Board shall be sufficiently evidenced by a Board Resolution

(c) whenever
in the administration of this Indenture the Trustee shall deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking, suffering
or omitting any action hereunder, the Trustee (unless other evidence be herein specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of bad faith
on its part, rely upon an Officers Certificate

(d) the
Trustee may consult with counsel of its own selection and the written advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel shall be full and
complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance
thereon

(e) the
Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction
of any of the Holders pursuant to this Indenture, unless such Holders shall have offered to the Trustee reasonable security or indemnity
against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction

(f) the
Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument,
opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or document,
but the Trustee, in its discretion, may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit, and,
if the Trustee shall determine to make such further inquiry or investigation, it shall be entitled to examine the books, records and premises
of the Company, personally or by agent or attorney

(g) the
Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents or attorneys
and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any agent or attorney appointed with due care
by it hereunder

(h) the
Trustee shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered, or omitted to be taken by it in good faith and reasonably believed by it to
be authorized or within the discretion or rights or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture

(i) the
Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any default or Event of Default unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual knowledge
thereof or unless written notice of any event which is in fact such a default is received by the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office
of the Trustee, and such notice references the Notes and this Indenture and

(j) the
rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including, without limitation, its right to be indemnified,
are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, and each agent, custodian and the Person
employed to act hereunder.

40 

Section 6.04. Not
Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Notes

The recitals contained herein
and in the Notes, except the Trustees certificates of authentication, shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and neither
the Trustee nor any Authenticating Agent assumes any responsibility for their correctness. The Trustee makes no representations as to
the validity or sufficiency of this Indenture or of the Notes. Neither the Trustee nor any Authenticating Agent shall be accountable for
the use or application by the Company of Notes or the proceeds thereof.

Section 6.05. May Hold
Notes

The Trustee, any Authenticating
Agent, any Paying Agent, any Security Registrar or any other agent of the Company, in its individual or any other capacity, may become
the owner or pledgee of Notes and, subject to Sections 6.08 and 6.13, may otherwise deal with the Company with the same rights it would
have if it were not Trustee, Authenticating Agent, Paying Agent, Security Registrar or such other agent.

Section 6.06. Money
Held in Trust

Money held by the Trustee
in trust hereunder need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. The Trustee shall be under no liability
for interest on any money received by it hereunder except as otherwise agreed with the Company.

Section 6.07. Compensation
and Reimbursement

The Company agrees

(a) to
pay to the Trustee from time to time reasonable compensation for all services rendered by it hereunder (which compensation shall not be
limited by any provision of law in regard to the compensation of a trustee of an express trust)

(b) except
as otherwise expressly provided herein, to reimburse the Trustee upon its request for all reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances
incurred or made by the Trustee in accordance with any provision of this Indenture (including the reasonable compensation and the expenses
and disbursements of its agents and counsel), except any such expense, disbursement or advance as may be attributable to its negligence
or bad faith and

(c) to
indemnify the Trustee for, and to hold it harmless against, any loss, liability or expense incurred without negligence or bad faith on
its part, arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of the trust or trusts hereunder, including the costs
and expenses of defending itself against any claim or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any of its powers or
duties hereunder.

Section 6.08. Conflicting
Interests

If the Trustee has or shall
acquire a conflicting interest within the meaning of the Trust Indenture Act, the Trustee shall either eliminate such interest or resign,
to the extent and in the manner provided by, and subject to the provisions of, the Trust Indenture Act and this Indenture. To the extent
permitted by such Act, the Trustee shall not be deemed to have a conflicting interest by virtue of being a trustee under this Indenture
with respect to the Notes and any other indentures of the Company.

41 

Section 6.09. Corporate
Trustee Required Eligibility

There shall at all times be
one (and only one) Trustee hereunder with respect to the Notes, which may be Trustee hereunder for the Notes. Each Trustee shall be a
Person that is eligible pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act to act as such, and has a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000.
If any such Person publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of its supervising or examining
authority, then for the purposes of this Section and to the extent permitted by the Trust Indenture Act, the combined capital and
surplus of such Person shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published.
If at any time the Trustee with respect to the Notes shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section, it
shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect hereinafter specified in this Article.

Section 6.10. Resignation
and Removal Appointment of Successor

No resignation or removal
of the Trustee and no appointment of a successor Trustee pursuant to this Article shall become effective until the acceptance of
appointment by the successor Trustee in accordance with the applicable requirements of Section 6.11.

The Trustee may resign at
any time with respect to the Notes by giving written notice thereof to the Company. If the instrument of acceptance by a successor Trustee
required by Section 6.11 shall not have been delivered to the Trustee within 30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation,
the resigning Trustee may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee with respect to the
Notes.

The Trustee may be removed
at any time with respect to the Notes by Act of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes, delivered to the
Trustee and to the Company.

If at any time:

(i) the
Trustee shall fail to comply with Section 6.08 after written request therefor by the Company or by any Holder who has been a bona
fide Holder of a Note for at least six months, or

(ii) the
Trustee shall cease to be eligible under Section 6.09 and shall fail to resign after written request therefor by the Company or by
any such Holder, or

(iii) the
Trustee shall become incapable of acting or shall be adjudged bankrupt or insolvent or a receiver of the Trustee or of its property shall
be appointed or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation,
conservation or liquidation,

then, in any such case, (A) the Company by
a Board Resolution may remove the Trustee with respect to all Notes, or (B) subject to Section 5.14, any Holder who has been
a bona fide Holder of a Note for at least six months may, on behalf of such Holder and all others similarly situated, petition any court
of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee with respect to all Notes and the appointment of a successor Trustee or Trustees.

42 

If the Trustee shall resign,
be removed or become incapable of acting, or if a vacancy shall occur in the office of Trustee for any cause, with respect to the Notes,
the Company, by a Board Resolution, shall promptly appoint a successor Trustee or Trustees with respect to the Notes (it being understood
that any such successor Trustee may be appointed with respect to the Notes and that at any time there shall be only one Trustee with respect
to the Notes) and shall comply with the applicable requirements of Section 6.11. If, within one year after such resignation, removal
or incapability, or the occurrence of such vacancy, a successor Trustee with respect to the Notes shall be appointed by Act of the Holders
of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes delivered to the Company and the retiring Trustee, the successor Trustee so
appointed shall, forthwith upon its acceptance of such appointment in accordance with the applicable requirements of Section 6.11,
become the successor Trustee with respect to the Notes and to that extent supersede the successor Trustee appointed by the Company. If
no successor Trustee with respect to the Notes shall have been so appointed by the Company or the Holders of Notes and accepted appointment
in the manner required by Section 6.11, any Holder who has been a bona fide Holder of a Note for at least six months may, on behalf
of such Holder and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee
with respect to the Notes.

The Company shall give notice
of each resignation and each removal of the Trustee with respect to the Notes and each appointment of a successor Trustee with respect
to the Notes to all Holders of Notes in the manner provided in Section 1.06. Each notice shall include the name of the successor
Trustee with respect to the Notes and the address of its Corporate Trust Office.

Section 6.11. Acceptance
of Appointment by Successor

In case of the appointment
hereunder of a successor Trustee with respect to all Notes, every such successor Trustee so appointed shall execute, acknowledge and deliver
to the Company and to the retiring Trustee an instrument accepting such appointment, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the retiring
Trustee shall become effective and such successor Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the
rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Trustee but, on the request of the Company or the successor Trustee, such retiring
Trustee shall, upon payment of its charges, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor Trustee all the rights, powers
and trusts of the retiring Trustee and shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such successor Trustee all property and money held by
such retiring Trustee hereunder.

In case of the appointment
hereunder of a successor Trustee with respect to the Notes, the Company, the retiring Trustee and such successor Trustee with respect
to the Notes shall execute and deliver an indenture supplemental hereto wherein such successor Trustee shall accept such appointment and
which shall contain such provisions as shall be necessary or desirable to transfer and confirm to, and to vest in, each successor Trustee
all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Trustee with respect to the Notes and upon the execution and delivery of such
supplemental indenture the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective to the extent provided therein and such
successor Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of
the retiring Trustee with respect to the Notes to which the appointment of such successor Trustee relates but, on request of the
Company or any successor Trustee, such retiring Trustee shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such successor Trustee all property
and money held by such retiring Trustee hereunder with respect to the Notes to which the appointment of such successor Trustee relates.

43 

Upon request of any such successor
Trustee, the Company shall execute any and all instruments for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor Trustee
all such rights, powers and trusts referred to in the first or second preceding paragraph, as the case may be.

No successor Trustee shall
accept its appointment unless at the time of such acceptance such successor Trustee shall be qualified and eligible under this Article.

Section 6.12. Merger,
Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business

Any corporation into which
the Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation resulting from any merger, conversion
or consolidation to which the Trustee shall be a party, or any corporation succeeding to all or substantially all the corporate trust
business of the Trustee, shall be the successor of the Trustee hereunder; provided such corporation shall be otherwise qualified
and eligible under this Article, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto.
In case any Notes shall have been authenticated, but not delivered, by the Trustee then in office, any successor by merger, conversion
or consolidation to such authenticating Trustee may adopt such authentication and deliver the Notes so authenticated with the same effect
as if such successor Trustee had itself authenticated such Notes.

Section 6.13. Preferential
Collection of Claims Against Company

The Trustee shall be subject
to Section 311(a) of the Trust Indenture Act, excluding any creditor relationship listed in Section 311(b) of the
Trust Indenture Act. For purposes of Sections 311(b)(4) and (6) of the Trust Indenture Act:

(a) cash
transaction means any transaction in which full payment for goods or securities sold is made within seven days after delivery
of the goods or securities in currency or in checks or other orders drawn upon banks or bankers and payable upon demand and

(b) self-liquidating
paper means any draft, bill of exchange, acceptance or obligation which is made, drawn, negotiated or incurred by the Company
for the purpose of financing the purchase, processing, manufacturing, shipment, storage or sale of goods, wares or merchandise and which
is secured by documents evidencing title to, possession of, or a lien upon, the goods, wares or merchandise or the receivables or proceeds
arising from the sale of the goods, wares or merchandise previously constituting the security; provided the security is received
by the Trustee simultaneously with the creation of the creditor relationship with the Company arising from the making, drawing, negotiating
or incurring of the draft, bill of exchange, acceptance or obligation.

44 

Section 6.14. Appointment
of Authenticating Agent

The Trustee may appoint an
Authenticating Agent or Agents with respect to the Notes which shall be authorized to act on behalf of the Trustee to authenticate Notes
issued upon original issue and upon exchange, registration of transfer or partial redemption thereof or pursuant to Section 3.06,
and Notes so authenticated shall be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture and shall be valid and obligatory for all purposes as if
authenticated by the Trustee hereunder. Any such appointment shall be evidenced by an instrument in writing signed by a Responsible Officer
of the Trustee, and a copy of such instrument shall be promptly furnished to the Company. Wherever reference is made in this Indenture
to the authentication and delivery of Notes by the Trustee or the Trustees certificate of authentication, such reference shall
be deemed to include authentication and delivery on behalf of the Trustee by an Authenticating Agent and a certificate of authentication
executed on behalf of the Trustee by an Authenticating Agent. Each Authenticating Agent shall be acceptable to the Company and shall at
all times be a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District
of Columbia, authorized under such laws to act as Authenticating Agent, having a combined capital and surplus of not less than $50,000,000
and subject to supervision or examination by Federal or State authority. If such Authenticating Agent publishes reports of condition at
least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of said supervising or examining authority, then for the purposes of this Section,
the combined capital and surplus of such Authenticating Agent shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its
most recent report of condition so published. If at any time an Authenticating Agent shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the
provisions of this Section, such Authenticating Agent shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect specified in this Section.

Any corporation into which
an Authenticating Agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation resulting from any merger,
conversion or consolidation to which such Authenticating Agent shall be a party, or any corporation succeeding to the corporate agency
or corporate trust business of an Authenticating Agent, shall continue to be an Authenticating Agent; provided such corporation
shall be otherwise eligible under this Section, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of the Trustee
or the Authenticating Agent.

An Authenticating Agent may
resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Trustee and to the Company. The Trustee may at any time terminate the agency
of an Authenticating Agent by giving written notice thereof to such Authenticating Agent and to the Company.

Upon receiving such a notice
of resignation or upon such a termination, or in case at any time such Authenticating Agent shall cease to be eligible in accordance with
the provisions of this Section, the Trustee may appoint a successor Authenticating Agent which shall be acceptable to the Company and
shall give notice of such appointment in the manner provided in Section 1.06 to all Holders of Notes with respect to which such Authenticating
Agent will serve. Any successor Authenticating Agent upon acceptance of its appointment hereunder shall become vested with all the rights,
powers and duties of its predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as an Authenticating Agent. No successor Authenticating
Agent shall be appointed unless eligible under the provisions of this Section.

45 

The Trustee agrees to pay
to each Authenticating Agent from time to time reasonable compensation for its services under this Section, and the Trustee shall be entitled
to be reimbursed for such payments, subject to the provisions of Section 6.07.

If an appointment with respect
to the Notes is made pursuant to this Section, the Notes may have endorsed thereon, in addition to the Trustees certificate of
authentication, an alternative certificate of authentication in the following form:

This is one of the Notes referred
to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

As Trustee

As Authenticating Agent

By 

Authorized Signatory

If all of the Notes may not
be originally issued at one time, and if the Trustee does not have an office capable of authenticating Notes upon original issuance located
in a Place of Payment where the Company wishes to have Notes authenticated upon original issuance, the Trustee, if so requested by the
Company in writing (which writing need not comply with Section 1.02 and need not be accompanied by an Opinion of Counsel), shall
appoint in accordance with this Section an Authenticating Agent having an office in a Place of Payment designated by the Company
with respect to such Notes.

Section 6.15. Rules by
Trustee

The Trustee may make reasonable
rules for any Act of Holders or a meeting of Holders of Notes.

46 

ARTICLE Seven

Holders
Lists and Reports by Trustee and Company

Section 7.01. Company
to Furnish Trustee Names and Addresses of Holders

The Company will furnish or
cause to be furnished to the Trustee

(a) semi-annually,
not later than 15 days after each Record Date or in the case of any Notes on which semi-annual interest is not payable, not more than
15 days after such semi-annual dates specified by the Trustee (which shall initially be the Interest Payment Dates), a list, in such form
as the Trustee may reasonably require, of the names and addresses of the Holders of Notes as of the Record Date or such semi-annual date,
as the case may be, and

(b) at
such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, within 30 days after the receipt by the Company of any such request, a list of
similar form and content as of a date not more than 15 days prior to the time such list is furnished

excluding from any such list names and addresses
received by the Trustee in its capacity as Security Registrar.

Section 7.02. Preservation
of Information Communications to Holders

The Trustee shall preserve,
in as current a form as is reasonably practicable, the names and addresses of Holders contained in the most recent list furnished to the
Trustee as provided in Section 7.01 and the names and addresses of Holders received by the Trustee in its capacity as Security Registrar.
The Trustee may destroy any list furnished to it as provided in Section 7.01 upon receipt of a new list so furnished.

The rights of Holders to communicate
with other Holders with respect to their rights under this Indenture or under the Notes, and the corresponding rights and privileges of
the Trustee, shall be as provided by Section 312(b) of the Trust Indenture Act.

Every Holder of Notes, by
receiving and holding the same, agrees with the Company and the Trustee that the Company and the Trustee and other Persons shall have
the protection of Section 312(c) of the Trust Indenture Act.

ARTICLE Eight

Consolidation,
Merger, Conveyance, Transfer or Lease

Section 8.01. Company
May Consolidate, Etc., Only on Certain Terms

The Company shall not consolidate
with or merge into any other Person or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Company
and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person (other than a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company), and the
Company shall not permit any Person (other than a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) to consolidate with or merge
into the Company, unless:

(a) The
Company is the surviving corporation (as defined herein) or, in case the Company shall consolidate with or merge into another Person or
convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, the Person formed by such consolidation
or into which the Company is merged or the Person which acquires by conveyance or transfer, or which leases, all or substantially all
of the properties and assets of the Company shall be a corporation (as so defined) organized and validly existing under the laws of the
United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia and shall expressly assume, by a supplemental indenture or other
documents or instruments as may be executed and delivered to the Trustee, in form satisfactory to the Trustee, the due and punctual payment
of the principal of and any premium and interest on all the Notes and the performance or observance of every covenant of this Indenture

47 

(b) immediately
after giving effect to such transaction and treating any indebtedness which becomes an obligation of the Company or any Subsidiary as
a result of such transaction as having been incurred by the Company or such Subsidiary at the time of such transaction, no Event of Default,
and no event which, after notice or lapse of time or both, would become an Event of Default, shall have happened and be continuing
and

(c) the
Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such consolidation, merger,
conveyance, transfer or lease and, if a supplemental indenture or other document or instrument is required in connection with such transaction,
such supplemental indenture and any other documents or instruments as may be executed and delivered to the Trustee comply with this Section 8.01
and that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to such transaction have been complied with.

Upon any consolidation of
the Company with, or merger of the Company into, any other Person or any conveyance, transfer or lease of all or substantially all of
the properties and assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with this Section 8.01, the successor Person formed by
such consolidation or into which the Company is merged or to which such conveyance, transfer or lease is made shall succeed to, and be
substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under this Indenture with the same effect as if such successor
Person had been named as the Company herein, and thereafter, except in the case of a lease, the predecessor Person shall be relieved of
all obligations and covenants under this Indenture and the Notes.

Section 8.02. Subsidiary
Guarantor May Consolidate, Etc., Only on Certain Terms; Successor Substituted.

A Subsidiary Guarantor may
not consolidate with or merge into any other Person or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of its properties and assets
to any other Person (other than the Company or another Subsidiary Guarantor), and a Subsidiary Guarantor may not permit any other Person
(other than the Company or another Subsidiary Guarantor) to consolidate with or merge into it, unless:

(a) either
(1) the Subsidiary Guarantor is the surviving entity or (2) the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation or merger
(if other than the Subsidiary Guarantor) or to which such conveyance, transfer or lease has been made is an entity organized and validly
existing under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, expressly assumes, by a supplemental indenture
or other documents or instruments as may be executed and delivered to the Trustee, in form satisfactory to the Trustee, all of the Subsidiary
Guarantors obligations under the Note Documents;

48 

(b) immediately
after giving effect to such transaction, and treating any indebtedness which becomes an obligation of the Subsidiary Guarantor, any other
Subsidiary or the Company as a result of such transaction as having been incurred by the Subsidiary Guarantor, such Subsidiary or the
Company at the time of such transaction, no Event of Default, and no event which, after notice or lapse of time or both, would become
an Event of Default shall have happened and be continuing; and

(c) the
Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such consolidation, merger,
conveyance, transfer or lease and, if a supplemental indenture or other document or instrument is required in connection with such transaction,
that such supplemental indenture and any other documents or instruments as may be executed and delivered to the Trustee comply with this
Section 8.02 and that all conditions precedent provided for in this Indenture relating to such transaction have been complied with;

provided
that this Section 8.02 shall not apply to a transaction that complies with Section 10.11 or to a transaction pursuant to which
such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be released from its obligations under its Subsidiary Guarantee and this Indenture in accordance with
Section 12.04.

Upon any consolidation of
a Subsidiary Guarantor with, or merger of a Subsidiary Guarantor into, any other Person or any conveyance, transfer or lease of all or
substantially all of the properties and assets of a Subsidiary Guarantor in accordance with this Section 8.02, the successor Person
formed by such consolidation or into which such Subsidiary Guarantor is merged or to which such conveyance, transfer or lease is made
shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, such Subsidiary Guarantor under the Note Documents
with the same effect as if such successor Person had been named as a Subsidiary Guarantor in this Indenture, and thereafter, except in
the case of a lease, the predecessor Subsidiary Guarantor shall be relieved of all obligations and covenants under this Indenture and
its Subsidiary Guarantee.

ARTICLE Nine

AMENDMENT,
SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER

Section 9.01. Without
Consent of Holders

Without the consent of any
Holders, the Company, when authorized by a Board Resolution, and the Trustee, at any time and from time to time, may amend or supplement
this Indenture, any Guarantee and the Notes, for any of the following purposes:

(a) to
evidence the succession of another Person to the Company or a Subsidiary Guarantor and the assumption by any such successor of the covenants
of the Company herein and in the Notes or the covenants of such Subsidiary Guarantor herein or in its Subsidiary Guarantee;

(b) to
add to the covenants of the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes or to surrender any right
or power herein conferred upon the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor;

(c) to
add any additional Events of Default for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes;

49 

(d) to
add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to permit or facilitate the issuance of
the Notes in bearer form, registrable or not registrable as to principal, and with or without interest coupons, or to permit or facilitate
the issuance of any Notes in uncertificated form;

(e) to
add guarantees of or to secure the Notes or any guarantees thereof, including to add collateral with respect to any or all of the Notes
and/or Guarantees;

(f) to
evidence the release of any Subsidiary Guarantor or any guarantor of the Notes in accordance with this Indenture;

(g) to
evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment hereunder by a successor Trustee or a successor paying agent with respect to the
Notes and to add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration
of the trusts hereunder by more than one Trustee, pursuant to the requirements of this Indenture (including Section 6.11);

(h) to
cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision contained herein or in any indenture supplemental hereto which may be defective
or inconsistent with any other provision contained herein or in any supplemental indenture;

(i) to
supplement any of the provisions of this Indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to permit or facilitate the defeasance (whether
legal or covenant defeasance) or satisfaction and discharge of the Notes; provided that any such action shall not adversely affect
the interests of the Holders of the Notes in any material respect;

(j) [Reserved];

(k) to
comply with the rules of any applicable Depositary;

(l) to
make any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Indenture, provided that such action pursuant
to this clause (l) shall not adversely affect the interests of the Holders of Notes in any material respect;

(m) [Reserved];

(n) to
conform the provisions of this Indenture, the Guarantees and the Notes to the Description of New Notes section of the Companys
offering memorandum, dated February 7, 2025, as supplemented by the Supplement, dated February 13, 2025 and as amended by the
Companys press releases dated February 24, 2025 and March 3, 2025; or

(o) to
make certain changes to this Indenture to provide for the issuance of Additional Notes that are issued in compliance with the terms of
this Indenture.

50 

Section 9.02. With
Consent of Holders

With the consent of the Holders
of not less than a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes affected, by Act of said Holders delivered to the Company and
the Trustee, the Company, when authorized by a Board Resolution, and the Trustee may amend or supplement this Indenture, any Guarantee
and the Notes for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Indenture
or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of Notes under this Indenture; provided, however, that no such amendment
or supplement shall, without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Note affected thereby:

(a) change
the Stated Maturity of the principal of, or any installment of principal or interest on, any Note, or reduce the principal amount or the
rate of interest thereon, or reduce the amount (including the amount of any premium payable) due upon the redemption thereof, or reduce
the amount of the principal of a Note which would be due and payable upon a declaration of acceleration of the Maturity thereof pursuant
to Section 5.02, or change the date on which any Note may be subject to redemption, or change any Place of Payment where, or the
coin or currency in which, any Note, premium, if any, or interest thereon is payable, or impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement
of any such payment on or after the Stated Maturity thereof (or, in the case of redemption, on or after the Redemption Date); provided,
however, that this clause shall not require the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Note (and shall only require the consent
of Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes affected) to amend or supplement Section 10.11
(or any definition related thereto);

(b) reduce
the percentage in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes, the consent of whose Holders is required for any such amendment or supplement,
or the consent of whose Holders is required for any waiver (of compliance with certain provisions of this Indenture or certain defaults
hereunder and their consequences) provided for in this Indenture; or

(c) modify
any of the provisions of this Section or Section 5.13, except to increase any such percentage or to provide that certain other
provisions of this Indenture cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Note affected thereby;
provided, however, that this clause shall not be deemed to require the consent of any Holder with respect to changes in the references
to the Trustee and concomitant changes in this Section or the deletion of this proviso, in accordance with the requirements
of this Indenture (including Section 6.11 and clause (g) of Section 9.01, as applicable).

It
shall not be necessary for any Act of Holders under this Section to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture,
but it shall be sufficient if such Act shall approve the substance thereof.

Section 9.03. Execution
of Supplemental Indentures

The Trustee shall sign any
amendment, supplement or waiver authorized pursuant to Section 3.12 or this Article Nine; provided that the Trustee may,
but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such supplemental indenture which affects its rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture
or otherwise. In executing, or accepting the additional trusts created by, any supplemental indenture permitted by Section 3.12 or
this Article or the modifications thereby of the trusts created by this Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to receive, and
(subject to Section 6.01) shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such supplemental
indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture.

51 

Section 9.04. Effect
of Supplemental Indentures

Upon the execution of any
supplemental indenture under Section 3.12 or this Article, this Indenture shall be modified in accordance therewith, and such supplemental
indenture shall form a part of this Indenture for all purposes and every Holder of Notes theretofore or thereafter authenticated
and delivered hereunder shall be bound thereby.

Section 9.05. Reference
in Notes to Supplemental Indentures

Notes authenticated and delivered
after the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to Section 3.12 or this Article may, and shall if required by the
Trustee, bear a notation in form approved by the Trustee as to any matter provided for in such supplemental indenture. If the Company
shall so determine, new Notes so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Trustee and the Company, to any such supplemental indenture
may be prepared and executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee in exchange for Outstanding Notes.

ARTICLE Ten

Covenants

Section 10.01. Payment
of Principal, Premium and Interest

The Company covenants and
agrees that it will duly and punctually pay the principal of (and premium, if any), and any interest on, the Notes in accordance with
the terms of the Notes and this Indenture.

Section 10.02. Maintenance
of Office or Agency

The Company will maintain
in each Place of Payment for the Notes an office or agency where Notes may be presented or surrendered for payment, where Notes may be
surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Notes and
this Indenture may be served. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in the location,
of such office or agency. If at any time the Company shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish
the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust
Office of the Trustee, and the Company hereby appoints the Trustee as its agent to receive all such presentations, surrenders, notices
and demands.

The Company may also from
time to time designate one or more other offices or agencies where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any or all such purposes
and may from time to time rescind such designations provided, however, that no such designation or rescission shall
in any manner relieve the Company of its obligation to maintain an office or agency in each Place of Payment for Notes for such purposes.
The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission and of any change in the location of
any such other office or agency.

52 

Section 10.03. Money
for Notes Payments to Be Held in Trust

If the Company shall at any
time act as its own Paying Agent with respect to the Notes, it will, on or before each due date of the principal of (and premium, if any),
and any interest on, any of the Notes, segregate and hold in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled thereto a sum sufficient to
pay the principal of (and premium, if any), and any interest, so becoming due until such sums shall be paid to such Persons or otherwise
disposed of as herein provided and will promptly notify the Trustee of its action or failure so to act.

Whenever the Company shall
have one or more Paying Agents for the Notes, it will, prior to each due date of the principal of (and premium, if any), and any interest
on, any Notes, deposit with a Paying Agent a sum sufficient to pay the principal of (and premium, if any), and any interest, so becoming
due, such sum to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled to such principal of (and premium, if any), and interest, and
(unless such Paying Agent is the Trustee) the Company will promptly notify the Trustee of its action or failure so to act.

The Company will cause each
Paying Agent for the Notes other than the Trustee to execute and deliver to the Trustee an instrument in which such Paying Agent shall
agree with the Trustee, subject to the provisions of this Section, that such Paying Agent will (1) comply with the provisions of
the Trust Indenture Act applicable to it as a Paying Agent and (2) during the continuance of any default by the Company (or any other
obligor upon the Notes) in the making of any payment in respect of the Notes, upon the written request of the Trustee, forthwith pay to
the Trustee all sums held in trust by such Paying Agent for payment in respect of the Notes.

The Company may at any time,
for the purpose of obtaining the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or for any other purpose, pay, or by Company Order direct
any Paying Agent to pay, to the Trustee all sums held in trust by the Company or such Paying Agent, such sums to be held by the Trustee
upon the same trusts as those upon which such sums were held by the Company or such Paying Agent and, upon such payment by any Paying
Agent to the Trustee, such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such money.

Any money deposited with the
Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal of (and premium, if any), and any
interest on, any Notes and remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal (and premium, if any) and any interest has become due
and payable shall be paid to the Company on Company Request, or (if then held by the Company) shall be discharged from such trust
and the Holder of such Note shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Company for payment thereof, and all
liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money, and all liability of the Company as trustee thereof, shall
thereupon cease provided, however, that the Trustee or such Paying Agent, before being required to make any such repayment,
may at the expense of the Company cause to be published once, in an Authorized Newspaper in each Place of Payment, notice that such money
remains unclaimed and that, after a date specified therein, which shall not be less than 30 days from the date of such publication, any
unclaimed balance of such money then remaining will be repaid to the Company.

53 

Section 10.04. Statement
by Officers as to Default

The Company will deliver to
the Trustee, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company ending after the date hereof, an Officers Certificate,
stating whether or not to the best knowledge of the signers thereof the Company is in default in the performance and observance of any
of the terms, provisions and conditions of this Indenture (without regard to any period of grace or requirement of notice provided hereunder)
and, if the Company shall be in default, specifying all such defaults and the nature and status thereof of which they may have knowledge.

Section 10.05. Existence

Subject to Article Eight,
the Company will do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence, rights (charter
and statutory) and franchises provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to preserve any such right
or franchise if the Board shall determine that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of the Company.

Section 10.06. [Reserved].

Section 10.07. Limitations
on Incurrence of Debt and Issuance of Preferred Stock.

(a) The
Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, incur any additional Debt if, immediately after giving effect to the incurrence
of such additional Debt and the application of the proceeds therefrom, the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Debt of the Company
and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles is greater than 60%
of the sum of (without duplication):

(i) Total
Assets as of the end of the fiscal quarter covered by the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,
as the case may be, most recently filed with the Commission (or, if such filing is not permitted or required under the Exchange Act, with
the Trustee ) (such quarter, the Latest Completed Fiscal Quarter) prior to the incurrence of such additional Debt;
and

(ii) the
purchase price of any real estate assets or mortgages receivable acquired, and the amount of any securities offering proceeds received
(to the extent that such proceeds were not used to acquire real estate assets or mortgages receivable or used to reduce Debt), by the
Company or any Subsidiary since the end of such Latest Completed Fiscal Quarter, including those proceeds obtained in connection with
the incurrence of such additional Debt.

Adjusted Total Assets
means the sum of (i) and (ii) above.

(b) The
Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, incur any additional Secured Debt if, immediately after giving effect to the
incurrence of such additional Secured Debt and the application of the proceeds therefrom, the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding
Secured Debt of the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
is greater than 40% of Adjusted Total Assets.

(c) The
Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, incur any additional Debt if, immediately after giving effect to the incurrence
of such additional Debt and on a pro forma basis, including the application of the proceeds therefrom, the ratio of Consolidated Income
Available for Debt Service to Annual Debt Service for the four consecutive fiscal quarters most recently ended prior to the date on which
such additional Debt is to be incurred is less than 1.5 to 1.0, and calculated on the assumptions that:

(i) such
Debt and any other Debt incurred by the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis since the first day of such four-quarter
period and the application of the proceeds therefrom, including to refinance other Debt, had occurred at the beginning of such period;

54 

(ii) the
repayment, retirement or other discharge of any other Debt by the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis since the first
day of such four-quarter period had occurred at the beginning of such period (except that, in making such computation, the amount of
Debt under any revolving credit facility shall be computed based upon the average daily balance of such Debt during such period);

(iii) in
the case of Acquired Debt or Debt incurred in connection with or in contemplation of any acquisition, including any Person becoming a
Subsidiary, since the first day of such four-quarter period, the related acquisition had occurred as of the first day of such period
with appropriate adjustments with respect to such acquisition being included in such pro forma calculation; and

(iv) in
the case of any acquisition or disposition by the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis of any asset or group of assets
since the first day of such four-quarter period, whether by merger, stock purchase or sale, or asset purchase or sale, such acquisition
or disposition or any related repayment of Debt had occurred as of the first day of such period with the appropriate adjustments with
respect to such acquisition or disposition being included in such pro forma calculation.

If the Debt giving rise to
the need to make the foregoing calculation or any other Debt incurred after the first day of the relevant four-quarter period bears interest
at a floating interest rate, then, for purposes of calculating the Annual Debt Service, the interest rate on such Debt shall be computed
on a pro forma basis as if the average interest rate which would have been in effect during the entirety of such four-quarter period
had been the applicable rate for the entirety of such period.

(d) The
Company will not permit any Subsidiary Guarantor to incur any Funded Debt or issue any shares of Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock;
provided that the foregoing limitations shall not apply to:

(i) Funded
Debt in an aggregate principal amount that does not exceed $175,000,000, minus the sum of (x) the aggregate principal amount of
Notes issued on the Issue Date outstanding at the time of such incurrence, (y) the principal amount of all other obligations outstanding
at the time of such incurrence and incurred under this clause (i) and (z) the aggregate principal amount of Notes issued on
the Issue Date that have been redeemed pursuant to an Subsidiary Guarantor Asset Sale Redemption (Funded Debt incurred under this clause
(i), the Additional Debt);

55 

(ii) the
March 2027 Notes (including any guarantees thereof) or any refinancing thereof;

(iii) the
Existing Mortgage Notes (including any guarantees thereof) or any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof;

(iv) issuances
of Preferred Stock to the Company or any other Subsidiary of the Company;

(v) issuances
of Preferred Stock in connection with a sale or other disposition (including through merger or consolidation), including in connection
with a joint venture transaction, if the sale or other disposition does not violate the provisions of Section 10.11 of this Indenture;

(vi) (A) any
Unsecured Debt that is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes and/or (B) any Preferred Stock, in the case of either clause
(vi)(A) or (vi)(B), the maturity date (or mandatory redemption date on such Preferred Stock, if applicable) of which is not less
than 180 days after the Stated Maturity of the Notes; or

(vii) the
Notes issued on the Issue Date (including any guarantees thereof).

(e) Notwithstanding
the limitations contained in paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) of this Section 10.07, Section 10.08 and Section 10.09,
the Company and its Subsidiaries may incur (x) Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness and (y) any Additional Debt permitted by
paragraph (d)(i) of this Section 10.07.

Section 10.08. Maintenance
of Total Unencumbered Assets.

The Company and its Subsidiaries
will at all times maintain Total Unencumbered Assets of not less than 150% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Unsecured
Debt of the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

Section 10.09. Limitations
on Liens.

The Company will not cause
or permit any of the Subsidiary Guarantors to create, incur, assume or otherwise cause to exist or become effective any Lien securing
Debt upon any material assets or property of any Subsidiary Guarantor other than Permitted Liens. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 10.09
shall not prohibit the incurrence of the Liens securing the March 2027 Notes.

Section 10.10. Provision
of Financial Information.

Whether or not the Company
is subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, it will, within 15 days after each of the respective dates by which
it would have been required to file annual reports, quarterly reports and other documents with the Commission if it were so subject:

(1) transmit
by mail to all Holders, as their names and addresses appear in the Security Register, without cost to such Holders, copies of the annual,
quarterly and other reports, financial statements and other documents which it would have been required to file with the Commission pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, if it were subject to such Sections,

56 

(2) file with
the Trustee copies of the annual, quarterly and other reports, financial statements and other documents which it would have been required
to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, if it was subject to such Sections, and

(3) promptly
upon written request and payment of the reasonable cost of duplication and delivery, supply copies of such documents to any prospective
Holder; provided that, the foregoing requirements shall be deemed satisfied if the foregoing materials are available on the Commissions
EDGAR system or on the Companys website within the applicable time period.

The Trustee shall have no liability or responsibility
for the filing, timeliness or content of any such reports, financial statements, documents or information filed by the Company and delivery
of such reports, financial statements, documents or information to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and receipt of such
shall not constitute constructive notice thereof or any information contained therein.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if at any time the Notes become guaranteed by any direct or indirect parent company of the Company, the Company may satisfy its obligations
under this Section 10.10 with respect to financial information relating to the Company by furnishing financial information relating
to such direct or indirect parent company; provided, however, that the same is accompanied by consolidating information that explains
in reasonable detail the differences between the information relating to such direct or indirect parent company and any of its Subsidiaries
other than the Company and its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the information relating to the Company and its Subsidiaries on a standalone
basis, on the other hand.

Section 10.11. Limitation
on Asset Sales.

(a) The
Company shall not, and shall not cause or permit any of the Subsidiary Guarantors to consummate an Asset Sale of any Capital Stock of
any Subsidiary Guarantor or any assets held by any Subsidiary Guarantor (collectively, the Subsidiary Guarantor Assets)
unless: (i) the Company (or the Subsidiary Guarantor, as the case may be) receives consideration (including by way of relief from
or by any other Person assuming responsibility for, any liabilities, contingent or otherwise) at the time of the Asset Sale of any such
Subsidiary Guarantor Assets at least equal to the Fair Market Value (determined on the date of contractually agreeing to such sale) of
the Subsidiary Guarantor Assets issued or sold or otherwise disposed of; and (ii) at least 90% of the consideration received in
the Asset Sale of any such Subsidiary Guarantor Assets by the Company or such Subsidiary Guarantor, as the case may be, is in the form
of cash or Cash Equivalents. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company and its Subsidiaries may consummate any Asset Sale of any assets
that are not Subsidiary Guarantor Assets.

57 

(b) No
later than the 60th Business Day following receipt of the Net Proceeds (or such later date to the extent a later date is necessary to
comply with the terms of the March 2027 Notes due to securities law considerations in the timing of making repurchase offers) in
respect of an Asset Sale of Subsidiary Guarantor Assets that constitute Excess Proceeds, the Company shall be required to issue a notice
to redeem such aggregate principal amount of Notes (on a pro rata basis) equal to the Excess Proceeds, at a Redemption Price equal
to 100% of the principal amount of such Notes (such redemption, a Subsidiary Guarantor Asset Sale Redemption), plus
accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the Redemption Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company shall not be
required to redeem (or issue any notice to redeem) Notes using the proceeds of Net Proceeds that do not constitute Excess Proceeds. Any
Subsidiary Guarantor Asset Sale Redemption shall be made pursuant to the provisions of Sections 11.04 through 11.08.

(c) For
the purposes of this Section 10.11 (and no other provision), the following shall be deemed to be cash or Cash Equivalents:

(i) the
greater of the principal amount and carrying value of any liabilities (as reflected on the most recent balance sheet of the Company provided
hereunder or in the footnotes thereto), or if incurred, accrued or increased subsequent to the date of such balance sheet, such liabilities
that would have been reflected on the balance sheet of the Company (or in the footnotes thereto) if such incurrence, accrual or increase
had taken place on or prior to the date of such balance sheet, as determined in good faith by the Company, of the Company or any Subsidiary
Guarantor, other than liabilities that are by their terms subordinated to the Notes Obligations, that are assumed by the transferee of
any such assets (or are otherwise extinguished in connection with the transactions relating to such Asset Sale) pursuant to a written
agreement which releases the Company or such Subsidiary Guarantor from such liabilities; and

(ii) any
securities received by the Company or such Subsidiary Guarantor from such transferee that are converted by the Company or such Subsidiary
Guarantor into cash or Cash Equivalents (to the extent of the cash or Cash Equivalents received) within 180 days following the closing
of the applicable Asset Sale.

(d) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Indenture, any Net Proceeds (including any Excess Proceeds) in respect of an Asset Sale of any Subsidiary
Guarantor Assets that are applied to redeem or otherwise repay or repurchase the March 2027 Notes shall not be required to be applied
pursuant to the provisions described under this Section 10.11.

Section 10.12. Ratings.

(a) The
Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Notes to be rated by Standard & Poors and Moodys
no later than 60 days after the Issue Date.

58 

ARTICLE Eleven

Redemption
of Notes

Section 11.01. Redemption
at the Option of the Company

(a) At
any time on or after March 12, 2027, the Company may redeem at its option (an Optional Redemption) on any one
or more occasions all or any part of the Notes upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days notice, at the redemption prices (expressed
as percentages of principal amount) set forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to, but not including, the applicable
Redemption Date (subject to the right of Holders of the Notes on the relevant Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant interest
payment date occurring on or prior to the Redemption Date), if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning on March 12 of
the years indicated below:

Year Percentage 

2027 104.000 %

2028 102.000 %

2029 and thereafter 100.000 %

(b) Prior
to March 12, 2027, the Company may redeem all or a part of the Notes upon giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior
written notice to Holders, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed plus the Make-Whole
Amount (as calculated by the Company) as of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the applicable Redemption
Date (subject to the right of Holders of the Notes on the relevant Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment
date occurring on or prior to the Redemption Date).

(c) At
any time and from time to time prior to March 12, 2027, the Company may redeem the Notes with the net cash proceeds received by
the Company from any Equity Offering at a redemption price equal to 108.000% of the principal amount of such Notes, plus accrued and
unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the Redemption Date (subject to the right of Holders of the Notes on the relevant Record
Date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date occurring on or prior to the Redemption Date), in an aggregate principal
amount for all such redemptions not to exceed 40% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes issued under this Indenture
on the issue date of the Notes; provided that:

(i) in
each case the redemption takes place not later than 180 days after the closing of the related Equity Offering, and

(ii) not
less than 50% of the aggregate principal amount of the then-outstanding Notes issued under this Indenture remains outstanding immediately thereafter (excluding Notes held by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries), unless all such Notes are redeemed substantially concurrently.

(d) Any
redemption and notice of redemption may, at the Companys discretion, be subject to the satisfaction of one more conditions precedent
as provided in Section 11.05.

(e) Nothing
in this Indenture will limit the Companys or its Affiliates ability to repurchase or retire Notes other than by redemption,
whether by tender offer, exchange offer, repurchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise.

59 

Section 11.02. Election
to Redeem Notice to Trustee

In case of any redemption
at the election of the Company of less than all the Notes, the Company shall, at least 15 days prior to the Redemption Date fixed by
the Company (unless a shorter notice shall be satisfactory to the Trustee), notify the Trustee of such Redemption Date and the principal
amount of Notes to be redeemed.

Section 11.03. Mandatory
Redemption

The Company shall only be
required to make a mandatory redemption with respect to the Notes as provided in Section 10.11, and the Notes will not otherwise
be subject to mandatory redemption or any sinking fund payments.

Section 11.04. Selection
by Trustee of Notes to Be Redeemed

If less than all the Notes
are to be redeemed, not more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date, the Trustee shall select the Notes to be redeemed as a pro rata
pass-through distribution of principal, from the Outstanding Notes not previously called for redemption, by such method as the Trustee
shall deem appropriate and which may provide for the selection for redemption of a portion of the principal amount of any Note, provided
that the unredeemed portion of the principal amount of any Note shall be in an authorized denomination (which shall not be less than
the minimum authorized denomination) for such Note. If less than all the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed shall be
selected not more than 60 days (subject to Section 11.05) prior to the Redemption Date by the Trustee, from the Outstanding Notes
not previously called for redemption in accordance with the preceding sentence.

The Trustee shall promptly
notify the Company in writing of the Notes selected for redemption as aforesaid and, in case of any Notes selected for partial redemption
as aforesaid, the principal amount thereof to be redeemed.

The provisions of the two
preceding paragraphs shall not apply with respect to any redemption affecting only a single Note, whether such Note is to be redeemed
in whole or in part. In the case of any such redemption in part, the unredeemed portion of the principal amount of the Note shall be
in an authorized denomination (which shall not be less than the minimum authorized denomination) for such Note.

For all purposes of this
Indenture, unless the context otherwise requires, all provisions relating to the redemption of Notes shall relate, in the case of any
Notes redeemed or to be redeemed only in part, to the portion of the principal amount of such Notes which has been or is to be redeemed.

For so long as the Notes
are held by The Depository Trust Company (or another depositary), the redemption of the Notes, including the selection of Notes to be
redeemed, shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary.

60 

Section 11.05. Notice
of Redemption

Notice of redemption shall
be given in the manner provided in Section 1.06 to the Holders of Notes to be redeemed not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior
to the Redemption Date, except that any notice of redemption may be given more than 60 days prior to a Redemption Date if the notice
is issued in connection with a Defeasance of Notes pursuant to Article Thirteen hereof or a satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture
pursuant to Article Four hereof. In connection with any redemption of Notes, any such redemption may, at the Companys discretion,
be subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent. In addition, if such redemption or notice is subject to satisfaction
of one or more conditions precedent, such notice may state that, in the Companys discretion, the Redemption Date may be delayed
(including more than 60 days after notice is given) until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the
Company in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such
conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Company in its sole discretion) by the Redemption Date, or by the Redemption
Date so delayed.

All notices of redemption
shall state:

(a) the
Redemption Date,

(b) the
Redemption Price,

(c) if
less than all the Outstanding Notes are to be redeemed, the identification (and, in the case of partial redemption of any such Notes,
the principal amounts) of the Notes to be redeemed and, if less than all the Outstanding Notes are to be redeemed, the principal amount
of the Notes to be redeemed,

(d) that
on the Redemption Date the Redemption Price will become due and payable upon the Notes to be redeemed and, if applicable, that interest
thereon will cease to accrue on and after said date,

(e) the
place or places where such Notes are to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price,

(f) the
applicable ISIN and/or CUSIP numbers, if any, and

(g) if
applicable, that such redemption may be subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent.

A notice of redemption published
as contemplated by Section 1.06 need not identify the particular Notes to be redeemed.

Notice of redemption of Notes
to be redeemed at the election of the Company shall be given by the Company or, at the Companys request, by the Trustee in the
name and at the expense of the Company.

Section 11.06. Deposit
of Redemption Price

On or before 11:00 a.m. Eastern
Time on any Redemption Date, the Company shall deposit with the Trustee or with a Paying Agent (or, if the Company is acting as its own
Paying Agent, segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 10.03 of this Indenture) an amount of money sufficient to pay the
Redemption Price of all the Notes which are to be redeemed on such Redemption Date.

61 

Section 11.07. Notes
Payable on Redemption Date

Notice of redemption having
been given as aforesaid, the Notes so to be redeemed shall, on the Redemption Date, become due and payable at the Redemption Price therein
specified, and from and after such date (unless the Company shall default in the payment of the Redemption Price and accrued interest)
such Notes shall cease to bear interest. Upon surrender of any of the Notes for redemption in accordance with said notice, such Note
shall be paid by the Company at the Redemption Price, together with accrued interest, if any, to the Redemption Date provided,
however, installments of interest whose Stated Maturity is on or prior to the Redemption Date shall be payable to the Holders
of such Notes, or one or more Predecessor Notes, registered as such at the close of business on the relevant Record Dates according to
their terms and the provisions of Section 3.07.

If any Note called for redemption
shall not be so paid upon surrender thereof for redemption, the principal of and premium (if any) shall, until paid, bear interest from
the Redemption Date at the rate prescribed therefor in the Note.

Section 11.08. Notes
Redeemed in Part

Any Note which is to be redeemed
only in part shall be surrendered at a Place of Payment therefor (with, if the Company or the Trustee so requires, due endorsement by,
or a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Trustee duly executed by, the Holder thereof or the attorney
of such Holder duly authorized in writing), and the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Holder
of such Note without service charge, a new Note or Notes of like tenor, of any authorized denomination as requested by such Holder, in
aggregate principal amount equal to and in exchange for the unredeemed portion of the principal of the Note so surrendered.

ARTICLE Twelve

SUBSIDIARY
GUARANTEES

Section 12.01. Subsidiary
Guarantee.

Subject to this Article Twelve,
each of the Subsidiary Guarantors hereby jointly, severally and unconditionally guarantees to each Holder of Notes authenticated and
delivered by the Trustee and to the Trustee and its successors and assigns, irrespective of the validity and enforceability of this Indenture,
the Notes or the obligations of the Company under this Indenture or the Notes, that:

(a) the principal of,
premium, if any, and interest on the Notes shall be promptly paid in full when due, whether at Stated Maturity, upon redemption or repurchase,
by acceleration or otherwise, and all obligations of the Company to Holders of the Notes or the Trustee under this Indenture or the Notes
shall be promptly paid in full or promptly performed, as the case may be, all in accordance with the terms of this Indenture and the
Notes; and

62 

(b) in case of any extension
of time of payment or renewal of any Notes or any of such other obligations, that same shall be promptly paid in full when due or performed
in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at Stated Maturity, upon redemption or repurchase, by acceleration
or otherwise. Failing payment when due of any amount so guaranteed or failing performance of any other obligation so guaranteed for whatever
reason, each Subsidiary Guarantor shall be obligated to pay, or to perform or cause the performance of, the same immediately. Each Subsidiary
Guarantor agrees that this is a guarantee of payment and not a guarantee of collection.

Each of the Subsidiary Guarantors
hereby agrees that its obligations hereunder shall be unconditional, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of the
Notes or this Indenture, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any Holder of the Notes with respect
to any provisions of this Indenture or the Notes, the release of any other Subsidiary Guarantor, the recovery of any judgment against
the Company, any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge
or defense of a Subsidiary Guarantor. Each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby waives, to the extent permitted by applicable law, diligence,
presentment, demand of payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company, any right to require
a proceeding first against the Company, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and covenant that this Subsidiary Guarantee shall
not be discharged except by complete performance of the obligations contained in the Notes and this Indenture.

Unless and until released
with respect to any Subsidiary Guarantor in accordance with Section 12.04 of this Indenture, this Subsidiary Guarantee shall remain
in full force and effect and continue to be effective should any petition be filed by or against the Company for liquidation or reorganization,
should the Company become insolvent or make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or should a custodian, trustee, liquidator or
other similar official be appointed for all or any part of the Companys assets. If any Holder of the Notes or the Trustee is required
by any court or governmental authority or is otherwise required to return to the Company, any Subsidiary Guarantor or any custodian,
trustee, liquidator or other similar official acting in relation to the Company or such Subsidiary Guarantor, any amount paid by the
Company or such Subsidiary Guarantor to the Trustee or such Holder, the Notes and this Subsidiary Guarantee, to the extent theretofore
discharged, shall be reinstated in full force and effect. Each Subsidiary Guarantor further agrees (to the fullest extent permitted by
law) that, as between it, on the one hand, and the Holders of the Notes and the Trustee, on the other, (a) subject to this Article Twelve,
the maturity of the obligations guaranteed hereby may be accelerated as provided in Article Five of this Indenture, for the purposes
of this Subsidiary Guarantee, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of the
obligations guaranteed hereby, and (b) in the event of any acceleration of such obligations as provided in such Article Five,
such obligations (whether or not due and payable) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Subsidiary Guarantors for the purpose
of this Subsidiary Guarantee.

63 

Section 12.02. Limitation
on Subsidiary Guarantor Liability.

Each Subsidiary Guarantor,
and by its acceptance of Notes, each Holder of the Notes, hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such parties that the Subsidiary
Guarantee of such Subsidiary Guarantor not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform
Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar Federal or state law to the extent applicable to any Subsidiary
Guarantee. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Trustee, the Holders of the Notes and the Subsidiary Guarantors hereby irrevocably
agree that the obligations of each Subsidiary Guarantor under its Subsidiary Guarantee and this Indenture will be limited to the maximum
amount as will, after giving effect to all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Subsidiary Guarantor that are relevant under
such laws, and after giving effect to any collections from, rights to receive contribution from or payments made by or on behalf of any
other Subsidiary Guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other Subsidiary Guarantor under its Subsidiary Guarantee and this Indenture,
result in the obligations of such Subsidiary Guarantor under its Subsidiary Guarantee and this Indenture not constituting a fraudulent
conveyance or fraudulent transfer under such laws. Each Subsidiary Guarantor that makes a payment under its Subsidiary Guarantee is entitled
to a contribution from each other Subsidiary Guarantor in a pro rata amount based on the adjusted net assets of each Subsidiary Guarantor,
so long as the exercise of such right does not impair the rights of the Holders of the Notes under this Subsidiary Guarantee.

Section 12.03. Execution
and Delivery of Subsidiary Guarantee.

To evidence its Subsidiary
Guarantee set forth in Section 12.01 of this Indenture, each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby agrees that this Indenture or a supplemental
indenture substantially in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto entered into by such Subsidiary Guarantor, as the case may
be, shall be executed on behalf of such Subsidiary Guarantor by an officer or other authorized signatory of such Subsidiary Guarantor.

Each Subsidiary Guarantor
hereby agrees that its Subsidiary Guarantee set forth in Section 12.01 of this Indenture shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding
the absence of the endorsement of any notation of such Subsidiary Guarantee on the Notes.

If an officer or other authorized
signatory of any Subsidiary Guarantor whose signature is on this Indenture or a supplemental indenture entered into by such Subsidiary
Guarantor, as the case may be, no longer holds that office or is no longer such an authorized signatory at the time the Trustee authenticates
any Note, the Subsidiary Guarantee of such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be valid nevertheless with respect to such Note.

The delivery of any Note
by the Trustee, after the authentication thereof hereunder, shall constitute due delivery of the Subsidiary Guarantee set forth in this
Indenture on behalf of the Subsidiary Guarantors.

Section 12.04. Release
of a Subsidiary Guarantor.

The Subsidiary Guarantee
of a Subsidiary Guarantor will automatically terminate and be released, all other obligations of such Subsidiary Guarantor under this
Indenture will automatically terminate and such Subsidiary Guarantor will be automatically released from its obligations under its Subsidiary
Guarantee and its other obligations under this Indenture:

(a) in
the event of a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of such Subsidiary Guarantor (including
by way of merger or consolidation) to a Person that is not (either before or after giving effect to such transaction) the Company or
a Subsidiary, if the sale or other disposition does not violate the provisions of Article Eight of this Indenture;

64 

(b) in
the event of a sale or other disposition (including through merger or consolidation) of Capital Stock of such Subsidiary Guarantor to
a Person that is not (either before or after giving effect to such transaction) the Company or a Subsidiary and such Subsidiary Guarantor
ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of the sale or other disposition, if the sale or other disposition does not violate the provisions
of Section 10.11 of this Indenture;

(c) upon
the satisfaction and discharge, Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance of the Notes in accordance with Article Four or Article Thirteen
of this Indenture;

(d) upon
the liquidation or dissolution of such Subsidiary Guarantor, provided (i) no default under this Indenture or Event of Default
has occurred that is continuing; and (ii) any material assets owned by such Subsidiary Guarantor are transferred to the Company
or another Subsidiary Guarantor; or

(e) upon
the merger of such Subsidiary Guarantor into, or the consolidation of such Subsidiary Guarantor with the Company or another Subsidiary
Guarantor.

At the request of the Company,
and upon delivery to the Trustee of an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that all conditions provided
for in this Indenture to the release of a Subsidiary Guarantor from its Subsidiary Guarantee have been complied with (provided that the
legal counsel delivering such Opinion of Counsel may rely as to matters of fact on one or more Officers Certificates of the Company),
the Trustee shall execute and deliver any appropriate instruments evidencing such release (it being understood that the failure to obtain
any such instrument shall not impair any release pursuant to this Section 12.04).

Section 12.05. Benefits
Acknowledged.

Each Subsidiary Guarantor
acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by this Indenture and that
the guarantee and waivers made by it pursuant to its Subsidiary Guarantee are knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits.

Section 12.06. Waiver
of Subrogation.

Until all of the Notes are
discharged and paid in full, each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives and agrees not to exercise any claim or other rights
which it may now or hereafter acquire against the Company that arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of the Companys
obligations under the Notes or this Indenture and such Subsidiary Guarantors obligations under this Subsidiary Guarantee and this
Indenture, in any such instance including, without limitation, any right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution, indemnification,
and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of the Holders of the Notes against the Company, whether or not such claim, remedy
or right arises in equity, or under contract, statute or common law, including, without limitation, the right to take or receive from
the Company, directly or indirectly, in cash or other assets or by set off or in any other manner, payment or security on account of
such claim or other rights. If any amount shall be paid to any Subsidiary Guarantor in violation of the preceding sentence and any amounts
owing to the Trustee or the Holders of the Notes under the Notes or this Indenture, shall not have been paid in full, such amount shall
have been deemed to have been paid to such Subsidiary Guarantor for the benefit of, and held in trust for the benefit of, the Trustee
or the Holders of the Notes and shall forthwith be paid to the Trustee for the benefit of itself or such Holders to be credited and applied
to the obligations in favor of the Trustee or such Holders, as the case may be, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the
terms of this Indenture.

65 

Section 12.07. Same
Currency; No Set Off.

Each payment to be made by
a Subsidiary Guarantor under its Subsidiary Guarantee shall be payable in the currency in which corresponding payment obligations of
the Company under the Notes or this Indenture are denominated, and shall be made without set off, counterclaim, reduction or diminution
of any kind or nature.

Section 12.08. Guarantee
Obligations Continuing.

The obligations of each Subsidiary
Guarantor under this Indenture shall be continuing and shall remain in full force and effect until all such obligations have been paid
and satisfied in full. Each Subsidiary Guarantor agrees with the Trustee that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, it
will from time to time deliver to the Trustee suitable acknowledgments of this continued liability in such form as counsel to the Trustee
may reasonably request and as will prevent any action brought against it in respect of any default under this Indenture being barred
by any statute of limitations now or hereafter in force and, in the event of the failure of a Subsidiary Guarantor so to do, it hereby
irrevocably appoints the Trustee the attorney and agent of such Subsidiary Guarantor to make, execute and deliver such written acknowledgment
or acknowledgments or other instruments as may from time to time become necessary or reasonably advisable, in the judgment of the Trustee
on the advice of counsel, to fully maintain and keep in force the liability of such Subsidiary Guarantor under this Indenture.

Section 12.09. No
Merger or Waiver; Cumulative Remedies.

To the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, no Subsidiary Guarantee shall operate by way of merger of any of the obligations of a Subsidiary Guarantor under any
other agreement. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of
the Trustee or the Holders of the Notes, any right, remedy, power or privilege under this Indenture or the Notes, shall operate as a
waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under this Indenture or
the Notes preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. To the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, the rights, remedies, powers and privileges in this Indenture, the Notes and any other document or
instrument between a Subsidiary Guarantor and/or the Company and the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes are cumulative and not exclusive
of any rights, remedies, powers and privilege provided by law.

Section 12.10. Dealing
with the Company and Others.

The Holders and the Trustee,
without releasing, discharging, limiting or otherwise affecting in whole or in part the obligations and liabilities of any Subsidiary
Guarantor under this Indenture and without the consent of or notice to any Subsidiary Guarantor, may to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law:

66 

(a) grant
time, renewals, extensions, compromises, concessions, waivers, releases, discharges and other indulgences to the Company or any other
Person;

(b) take
or abstain from taking security or collateral from the Company or the Subsidiary Guarantors or from perfecting security or collateral
of the Company or the Subsidiary Guarantors;

(c) release,
discharge, compromise, realize, enforce or otherwise deal with or do any act or thing in respect of (with or without consideration) any
and all collateral, mortgages or other security given by the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors or any third party with respect to the
obligations or matters contemplated by this Indenture or the Notes;

(d) accept
compromises or arrangements from the Company;

(e) apply
all monies at any time received from the Company or from any security upon such part of the obligations of the Subsidiary Guarantors
under Section 12.01 of this Indenture as the Holders may see fit or change any such application in whole or in part from time to
time as the Holders may see fit; and

(f) otherwise
deal with, or waive or modify their right to deal with, the Company and all other Persons and any security as the Holders or the Trustee
may see fit.

Section 12.11. Enforcement;
Expenses.

If
any Subsidiary Guarantor defaults in performing any of its obligations under this Indenture, the Trustee may proceed in its name as trustee
under this Indenture in the enforcement of such obligations against such Subsidiary Guarantor by any remedy provided by law, whether
by legal proceedings or otherwise. Each of the Subsidiary Guarantors, jointly and severally, agree to pay all costs, fees and expenses
(including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel) incurred by the Trustee, any Holder of the Notes, or the
agent, advisor or counsel of the Trustee or any Holder, in enforcing the performance by any Subsidiary Guarantor of its obligations under
this Indenture.

ARTICLE Thirteen

Defeasance
and Covenant Defeasance

Section 13.01. Companys
Option to Effect Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance

The Company may, at its option,
at any time, elect to have either Section 13.02 or Section 13.03 applied to the Notes upon compliance with the conditions set
forth below in this Article.

67 

Section 13.02. Defeasance
and Discharge

Upon the Companys
exercise under Section 13.01 of a defeasance of the Notes as contemplated by this Section 13.02, the Company shall be deemed
to have been discharged from its obligations with respect to such Outstanding Notes on the date the conditions set forth in Section 13.04
are satisfied (hereinafter Defeasance). For this purpose, such Defeasance means that the Company shall be deemed
to have paid and discharged the entire indebtedness represented by the Notes and to have satisfied all its other obligations under such
Notes and this Indenture insofar as such Notes are concerned (and the Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall execute proper instruments
acknowledging the same), except for the following, which shall survive until otherwise terminated or discharged hereunder: (a) the
rights of Holders of such Notes to receive, solely from the trust fund described in Section 13.04 and as more fully set forth in
such Section, payments in respect of the principal of and any premium and interest, if any, on such Notes when such payments are due,
(b) the Companys obligations with respect to such Notes under Sections 3.04, 3.05, 3.06, 10.02 and 10.03, (c) the rights,
powers, trusts, duties and immunities of the Trustee hereunder and (d) this Article. Subject to compliance with this Article, the
Company may exercise its option under this Section 13.02 notwithstanding the prior exercise of its option under Section 13.03.

Section 13.03. Covenant
Defeasance

Upon the Companys
exercise under Section 13.01 of a defeasance of the Notes as contemplated by this Section 13.03, (a) the Company shall
be released from its obligations with respect to such Notes under Section 8.01, Section 8.02, Section 10.05, Section 10.07,
Section 10.08, Section 10.09, Section 10.10, Section 10.11 and Section 10.12 and any covenants provided pursuant
to clause (b) of Section 9.01 for the benefit of the Holders of such Notes and (b) the occurrence of any event specified
in clause (d) of Section 5.01 (with respect to any of Section 8.01, Section 8.02, Section 10.05, Section 10.07,
Section 10.08, Section 10.09, Section 10.10, Section 10.11 and Section 10.12 or clause (b) of Section 9.01)
shall not be deemed to be an Event of Default on and after the date the conditions set forth in Section 13.04 are satisfied (hereinafter
Covenant Defeasance). For this purpose, such Covenant Defeasance means that, with respect to such Notes, the Company
may omit to comply with and shall have no liability in respect of any term, condition or limitation set forth in any such Section or
Article, whether directly or indirectly by reason of any reference elsewhere herein to any such Section or Article or by reason
of any reference in any such Section or Article to any other provision herein or in any other document, but the remainder of
this Indenture and such Notes shall be unaffected thereby.

68 

Section 13.04. Conditions
to Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance

The following shall be the
conditions to the application of either a Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance, as applicable, to the Notes, as the case may be:

(a) The
Company shall irrevocably have deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee (or a successor trustee which satisfies the requirements
contemplated by Section 6.09 and agrees to comply with the provisions of this Article applicable to it) as trust funds in trust
for the purpose of making the following payments, specifically pledged as security for, and dedicated solely to, the benefit of the Holders
of the Notes, (i) money in an amount, or (ii) Government Obligations which through the scheduled payment of principal and interest
in respect thereof in accordance with their terms will provide, not later than one day before the due date of any payment, money in an
amount, or (iii) a combination thereof, in each case sufficient to pay and discharge, and which shall be applied by the Trustee
(or any such other qualifying trustee) to pay and discharge, the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on, such Notes on the
respective Stated Maturities or the applicable Redemption Date, in accordance with the terms of this Indenture and the Notes provided
that with respect to a Redemption Date, if all or a portion of the Redemption Price is based on or consists of a redemption premium
that is required to be calculated based on a treasury rate or other floating or adjustable rate a specified number of days prior to such
Redemption Date, the amount deposited shall be sufficient for purposes of the immediately preceding sentence to the extent that the Redemption
Price so deposited is calculated using an amount equal to such premium computed using such treasury rate or other floating or adjustable
rate as of such specified number of days preceding the date of such deposit. As used herein, Government Obligations
means, with respect to the Notes, securities that are (x) direct obligations of the government that issued the currency in which
such Note is denominated (or, if such Note is denominated in euros, the direct obligations of any government that is a member of the
European Monetary Union) for the payment of which such governments full faith and credit is pledged or (y) obligations of
a Person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of such government the payment of which is unconditionally
guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation by such government, which, in either case, are not callable or redeemable at the option
of the issuer thereof and shall also include a depositary receipt issued by a bank (as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities
Act) as custodian with respect to any Government Obligation where the relevant government is the United States of America or a specific
payment of principal of or interest on any such Government Obligation held by such custodian for the account of the holder of such depositary
receipt, provided that (except as required by law) such custodian is not authorized to make any deduction from the amount payable
to the holder of such depository receipt from any amount received by the custodian in respect of such Government Obligation or the specific
payment of principal of or interest on such Government Obligation evidenced by such depository receipt.

(b) In
the event of an election to have a Defeasance apply to the Notes, the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel
stating that (i) the Company has received from, or there has been published by, the Internal Revenue Service a ruling or (ii) since
the date of this Indenture, there has been a change in the applicable Federal income tax law, in either case (i) or (ii) to
the effect that the Holders of the Outstanding Notes will not recognize gain or loss for Federal income tax purposes as a result of such
deposit, Defeasance and discharge and will be subject to Federal income tax on the same amount, in the same manner and at the same times
as would be the case if such deposit, Defeasance and discharge had not occurred.

(c) In
the event of an election to have a Covenant Defeasance apply to the Notes, the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion
of Counsel to the effect that the Holders of the Outstanding Notes will not recognize gain or loss for Federal income tax purposes as
a result of such deposit and Covenant Defeasance and will be subject to Federal income tax on the same amount, in the same manner and
at the same times as would be the case if such deposit and Covenant Defeasance had not occurred.

(d) No
Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such deposit (other than an Event of
Default resulting from transactions occurring contemporaneously with the borrowing of funds, or the borrowing of funds, to be applied
to such deposit or other indebtedness which is being repaid, repurchased, redeemed, defeased (whether legal or covenant defeasance) or
discharged, and, in each case, the granting of liens in connection therewith).

69 

(e) Such
Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance shall not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, any material agreement
or instrument (other than this Indenture or any agreement or instrument governing any other indebtedness which is being repaid, repurchased,
redeemed, defeased (whether legal or covenant defeasance) or discharged) to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound.

(f) The
Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions
precedent to the Defeasance or the Covenant Defeasance have been satisfied.

The Defeasance or Covenant
Defeasance will be effective on the day on which all of the applicable conditions above have been satisfied.

Upon satisfaction of such
conditions, the Trustee shall, upon written request, execute proper instrument(s) acknowledging such Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance,
as the case may be.

Section 13.05. Deposited
Money and Government Obligations to Be Held in Trust Miscellaneous Provisions

Subject to the provisions
of the last paragraph of Section 10.03, all money and Government Obligations (including the proceeds thereof) deposited with the
Trustee or other qualifying trustee (solely for purposes of this Section and Section 13.06, the Trustee and any such other
trustee are referred to collectively, for purposes of this Section 13.05, as the Trustee) pursuant to Section 13.04
in respect of any Notes shall be held in trust and applied by the Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of such Notes and this Indenture,
to the payment, either directly or through any such Paying Agent (including the Company acting as its own Paying Agent) as the Trustee
may determine, to the Holders of such Notes, of all sums due and to become due thereon in respect of principal and premium (if any) and
interest, but such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.

The Company shall pay and
indemnify the Trustee against any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against the Government Obligations deposited pursuant
to Section 13.04 or the principal and interest received in respect thereof other than any such tax, fee or other charge which by
law is for the account of the Holders of Outstanding Notes.

Anything in this Article Thirteen
to the contrary notwithstanding, the Trustee shall deliver or pay to the Company from time to time upon Company Request any money or
Government Obligations held by it as provided in Section 13.04 hereof which, in the opinion or based on a report or certificate
of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants, investment bank or appraisal firm expressed in a written certification
thereof delivered to the Trustee, are in excess of the amount thereof which would then be required to be deposited to effect an equivalent
Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance, as the case may be.

70 

Section 13.06. Reinstatement

If the Trustee or the Paying
Agent is unable to apply any money in accordance with Section 13.02 or 13.03 by reason of any order or judgment of any court or
governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, then the Companys obligations under this
Indenture and the Notes shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to this Article Thirteen until
such time as the Trustee or Paying Agent is permitted to apply all such money in accordance with Section 13.02 or 13.03 provided,
however, that if the Company makes any payment of principal of (and premium, if any), and any interest on, any Note following the
reinstatement of its obligations, the Company shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of the Notes to receive such payment from
the money held by the Trustee or the Paying Agent.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

71 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the day and year first above written.

Company:

OFFICE PROPERTIES INCOME TRUST

By: /s/ Brian E. Donley

Name: Brian E. Donley

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

[Signature Page to
Indenture]

Subsidiary Guarantors:

20 MASS AVE TRS INC.

ACP EAST LLC

CLAY HOLDCO LLC

CRI SIR LLC

EWING HOLDCO LLC

FIRST POTOMAC DC HOLDINGS, LLC

FP 1211 CONNECTICUT AVENUE, LLC

FP 1775 WIEHLE AVENUE, LLC

FP 6310 HILLSIDE CENTER, LLC

FP 840 FIRST STREET, LLC

FP STERLING PARK LAND, LLC

GOV LAKE FAIRFAX INC.

GOV LAKEWOOD PROPERTIES TRUST

GOV NEW OPPTY LP REIT

GOV NEW OPPTY REIT

OPI AL PROPERTIES LLC

OPI TRS INC.

PRIMERICA HOLDCO LLC

SC MERGER SUB LLC

SIR CENTENNIAL LLC

SIR FORT MILL LLC

SIR JOHNSTON LLC

SIR OMAHA LLC

SIR GP REDWOOD CITY LLC

SIR GP SANTA CLARA LLC

SIR HOLDINGS CORPORATION

SIR PROPERTIES REIT LLC

SIR PROPERTIES TRUST

SIR REIT PLANO LLC

By: /s/ Brian E. Donley

Name: Brian E. Donley

Title: Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer

[Signature Page to Indenture]

GOV NEW OPPTY LP, a Delaware
limited partnership

By: GOV NEW OPPTY REIT, its general
partner

By: /s/ Brian E. Donley

Name: Brian E. Donley

Title: Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer

SIR OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP,
a Delaware limited partnership

By: SC Merger Sub LLC, its general
partner

By: /s/ Brian E. Donley

Name: Brian E. Donley

Title: Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer

SIR REDWOOD CITY LP, a Delaware
limited partnership

By: SIR GP Redwood City LLC, its general
partner

By: /s/ Brian E. Donley

Name: Brian E. Donley

Title: Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer

SIR SANTA CLARA LP, a Delaware
limited partnership

By: SIR GP Santa Clara LLC, its general
partner

By: /s/ Brian E. Donley

Name: Brian E. Donley

Title: Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer

[Signature Page to Indenture]

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: /s/ David W. Doucette

Name: David W. Doucette

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Indenture]

Appendix A

PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES

Section 1.1 Definitions.

(a) Capitalized Terms.

Capitalized terms used but
not defined in this Appendix A have the meanings given to them in the Indenture. The following capitalized terms have the following meanings:

Applicable Procedures
means, with respect to any transfer or transaction involving a Global Note or beneficial interest therein, the rules and procedures
of the Depositary for such Global Note, Euroclear or Clearstream, in each case to the extent applicable to such transaction and as in
effect from time to time.

Clearstream
means Clearstream Banking, Socit Anonyme, or any successor securities clearing agency.

Definitive Note
means a certificated Note bearing, if required, the applicable restricted securities legend set forth in Section 2.2(e) of
this Appendix A.

Distribution Compliance
Period, with respect to any Note, means the period of forty (40) consecutive days beginning on and including the later of
(a) the day on which such Note is first offered to persons other than distributors (as defined in Regulation S) in reliance on Regulation
S, notice of which day shall be promptly given by the Company to the Trustee, and (b) the date of issuance with respect to such
Note or any predecessor of such Note.

Euroclear
means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of Euroclear System or any successor securities clearing agency.

IAI means
an institution that is an accredited investor as described in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the
Securities Act and is not a QIB.

QIB means
a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A.

Regulation S
means Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule 144A
means Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act.

Transfer Restricted
Notes means Definitive Notes and any other Notes that bear or are required to bear the legend set forth in Section 2.2(e)(i) of
this Appendix A.

U.S. person
means a U.S. person as defined in Regulation S.

Unrestricted Global
Note means any Note in global form that does not bear or is not required to bear the Restricted Notes Legend.

(b) Other Definitions.

Term: Defined
in Section:

Agent Members 2.1(c)

Definitive Notes Legend 2.2(e)

Global Note 2.1(b)

Global Notes Legend 2.2(e)

IAI Global Note 2.1(b)

IAI Notes 2.1(a)

OID Notes Legend 2.2(e)

Regulation S Global Note 2.1(b)

Regulation S Notes 2.1(a)

Restricted Notes Legend 2.2(e)

Rule 144A Global Note 2.1(b)

Rule 144A Notes 2.1(a)

Section 2.1 Form and
Dating.

(a) Unless
registered or exempt from registration under the Securities Act, the Initial Notes will be resold, initially only to QIBs in reliance
on Rule 144A (Rule 144A Notes), to institutions which are an accredited investor within
the meaning of subparagraphs (a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Rule 501 under the Securities Act (IAI Notes)
and to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S (Regulation S Notes). Notes so issued may thereafter be transferred
to, among others, QIBs, institutional accredited investors and purchasers in reliance on Regulation S, subject to the restrictions
on transfers set forth herein. Additional Notes offered after the Issue Date may be offered and sold by the Company from time to time
pursuant to one or more agreements in accordance with applicable law.

(b) Global
Notes. Each series of IAI Notes shall be issued initially in the form of one or more global IAI Notes (IAI Global Note),
Regulation S Notes shall be issued initially in the form of one or more global Regulation S Global Notes (the Regulation S
Global Note) and Rule 144A Notes shall be issued initially in the form of one or more permanent global notes in fully
registered form (the Rule 144A Global Note), in each case without interest coupons and bearing the Global Notes
Legend and Restricted Notes Legend, and shall be deposited on behalf of the purchasers of the Notes represented thereby with the Custodian,
and registered in the name of the Depositary or a nominee of the Depositary, duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee
as provided in the Indenture. The IAI Global Note, Rule 144A Global Note and Regulation S Global Note is each referred to herein
as a Global Note and are collectively referred to herein as Global Notes. Each Global
Note shall represent such of the outstanding Notes as shall be specified in the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global
Note attached thereto and each shall provide that it shall represent the aggregate principal amount of Notes from time to time
endorsed thereon and that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby may from time to time be reduced or
increased, as applicable, to reflect exchanges and redemptions. Any endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase
or decrease in the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby shall be made by the Trustee or the Custodian,
at the direction of the Trustee, in accordance with instructions given by the Holder thereof as required by Section 3.05 of the
Indenture and Section 2.2(c) of this Appendix A.

A-2

(c) Book-Entry
Provisions. This Section 2.1(c) shall apply only to a Global Note deposited with or on behalf of the Depositary.

The Company shall execute and
the Trustee shall, in accordance with this Section 2.1(c) and Section 3.01 or Section 3.03, as applicable, of the
Indenture and pursuant to an order of the Company signed by one Officer of the Company, authenticate and deliver initially one or more
Global Notes that (i) shall be registered in the name of the Depositary for such Global Note or Global Notes or the nominee of such
Depositary and (ii) shall be delivered by the Trustee to such Depositary or pursuant to such Depositarys instructions or
held by the Trustee as Custodian.

Members of, or participants
in, the Depositary (Agent Members) shall have no rights under the Indenture with respect to any Global Note held
on their behalf by the Depositary or by the Trustee as Custodian or under such Global Note, and the Depositary may be treated by the
Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee as the absolute owner of such Global Note for all purposes whatsoever.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall prevent the Company, the Trustee or any agent of the Company or the Trustee from
giving effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary or impair, as between the Depositary
and its Agent Members, the operation of customary practices of such Depositary governing the exercise of the rights of a holder of a
beneficial interest in any Global Note. The registered Holder of a Global Note may grant proxies and otherwise authorize any Person,
including Agent Members and Persons that may hold interests through Agent Members, to take any action which a Holder is entitled to take
under the Indenture or the Notes.

(d) Definitive
Notes. Except as provided in Section 2.2 or Section 2.3 of this Appendix A, owners of beneficial interests in Global Notes
shall not be entitled to receive physical delivery of Definitive Notes.

Section 2.2 Transfer
and Exchange.

(a) Transfer
and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Definitive Notes. When Definitive Notes are presented to the Security Registrar with a request:

(i) to
register the transfer of such Definitive Notes; or

(ii) to
exchange such Definitive Notes for an equal principal amount of Definitive Notes of other authorized denominations,

the Security Registrar shall register the transfer
or make the exchange as requested if its reasonable requirements for such transaction are met; provided, however, that
the Definitive Notes surrendered for transfer or exchange:

(A) shall
be duly endorsed or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar,
duly executed by the Holder thereof or his or her attorney duly authorized in writing; and

A-3

(B) in
the case of Transfer Restricted Notes, they are being transferred or exchanged pursuant to an effective registration statement under
the Securities Act or pursuant to Section 2.2(b) of this Appendix A or otherwise in accordance with the Restricted Notes Legend,
and are accompanied by a certification from the transferor in the form provided on the reverse side of the Form of Note in Exhibit A
for exchange or registration of transfers and, as applicable, delivery of such legal opinions, certifications and other information
as may be requested pursuant thereto.

(b) Restrictions
on Transfer of a Definitive Note for a Beneficial Interest in a Global Note. A Definitive Note may not be exchanged for a beneficial
interest in a Global Note except upon satisfaction of the requirements set forth below. Upon receipt by the Trustee of a Definitive Note,
duly endorsed or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar,
together with:

(i) a
certification from the transferor in the form provided on the reverse side of the Form of Note in Exhibit A for exchange
or registration of transfers and, as applicable, delivery of such legal opinions, certifications and other information as may be requested
pursuant thereto; and

(ii) written
instructions directing the Trustee to make, or to direct the Custodian to make, an adjustment on its books and records with respect to
such Global Note to reflect an increase in the aggregate principal amount of the Notes represented by the Global Note, such instructions
to contain information regarding the Depositary account to be credited with such increase,

the Trustee shall cancel such Definitive Note
and cause, or direct the Custodian to cause, in accordance with the standing instructions and procedures existing between the Depositary
and the Custodian, the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note to be increased by the aggregate principal
amount of the Definitive Note to be exchanged and shall credit or cause to be credited to the account of the Person specified in such
instructions a beneficial interest in the Global Note equal to the principal amount of the Definitive Note so canceled. If the applicable
Global Note is not then outstanding, the Company shall issue and the Trustee shall authenticate, upon a Company Order, a new applicable
Global Note in the appropriate principal amount.

(c) Transfer
and Exchange of Global Notes.

(i) The
transfer and exchange of Global Notes or beneficial interests therein shall be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with the
Indenture (including applicable restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 2.2(d) of this Appendix A, if any) and the procedures
of the Depositary therefor. A transferor of a beneficial interest in a Global Note shall deliver to the Security Registrar a written
order given in accordance with the Depositarys procedures containing information regarding the participant account of the Depositary
to be credited with a beneficial interest in such Global Note, or another Global Note and such account shall be credited in accordance
with such order with a beneficial interest in the applicable Global Note and the account of the Person making the transfer shall be debited
by an amount equal to the beneficial interest in the Global Note being transferred.

A-4

(ii) If
the proposed transfer is a transfer of a beneficial interest in one Global Note to a beneficial interest in another Global Note, the
Security Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date and an increase in the principal amount of the Global Note to which
such interest is being transferred in an amount equal to the principal amount of the interest to be so transferred, and the Security
Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date and a corresponding decrease in the principal amount of the Global Note from
which such interest is being transferred.

(iii) Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Appendix A (other than the provisions of Section 2.3 of this Appendix A), a Global Note may not be
transferred except as a whole and not in part if the transfer is by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary or by a nominee of
the Depositary to the Depositary or another nominee of the Depositary or by the Depositary or any such nominee to a successor Depositary
or a nominee of such successor Depositary.

(d) Restrictions
on Transfer of Global Notes; Voluntary Exchange of Interests in Transfer Restricted Global Notes for Interests in Unrestricted Global
Notes.

(i) Transfers
by an owner of a beneficial interest in an IAI Global Note or a Rule 144A Global Note to a transferee who takes delivery of such
interest through another Transfer Restricted Global Note shall be made in accordance with the Applicable Procedures and the Restricted
Notes Legend and only upon receipt by the Trustee of a certification from the transferor in the form provided on the reverse side of
the Form of Note in Exhibit A for exchange or registration of transfers and, as applicable, delivery of such legal opinions,
certifications and other information as may be requested pursuant thereto. In addition, in the case of a transfer of a beneficial interest
in a Regulation S Global Note, or a Rule 144A Global Note for an interest in an IAI Global Note, the transferee must furnish a signed
letter substantially in the form of Exhibit B to the Trustee.

(ii) Prior
to the expiration of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, (A) each Regulation S Global Note shall be a temporary global
security for purposes of Rules 903 and 904 under the Securities Act, whether or not designated as such on the face of such Note,
and (B) beneficial ownership interests in such Regulation S Global Note may only be held through Euroclear or Clearstream. During
the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, beneficial ownership interests in a Regulation S Global Note may only be sold, pledged
or transferred through Euroclear or Clearstream in accordance with the Applicable Procedures, the Restricted Notes Legend on such Regulation
S Global Note and any applicable securities laws of any state of the U.S. Prior to the expiration of the applicable Distribution Compliance
Period, transfers by an owner of a beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Note to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest
through a Rule 144A Global Note or an IAI Global Note shall be made only in accordance with the Applicable Procedures and the Restricted
Notes Legend and upon receipt by the Trustee of a written certification from the transferor of the beneficial interest in the form provided
on the reverse side of the Form of Note in Exhibit A for exchange or registration of transfers. Such written certification
shall no longer be required after the expiration of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period. Upon the expiration of the applicable
Distribution Compliance Period, beneficial ownership interests in the Regulation S Global Note shall be transferable in accordance with
applicable law and the other terms of the Indenture.

A-5

(iii) Upon
the expiration of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, beneficial interests in the Regulation S Global Note may be exchanged
for beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Note upon certification in the form provided on the reverse side of the Form of
Note in Exhibit A for an exchange from a Regulation S Global Note to an Unrestricted Global Note.

(iv) Beneficial
interests in a Transfer Restricted Note that is a Rule 144A Global Note or an IAI Global Note may be exchanged for beneficial interests
in an Unrestricted Global Note if the Holder certifies in writing to the Security Registrar that its request for such exchange is in
respect of a transfer made in reliance on Rule 144 (such certification to be in the form set forth on the reverse side of the Form of
Note in Exhibit A) and/or upon delivery of such legal opinions, certifications and other information as the Company or the
Trustee may reasonably request.

(v) If
no Unrestricted Global Note is outstanding at the time of a transfer contemplated by the preceding clauses (iii) and (iv), the Company
shall issue and the Trustee shall authenticate, upon a Company Order, a new Unrestricted Global Note in the appropriate principal amount.

(vi) A
transferee of a Note shall be deemed to have represented and agreed as follows:

(A) It
understands and acknowledges that the Notes and the Guarantees, which have not been registered under the Securities Act, under any other
federal, state or other local law pertaining to the registration of securities, or with any securities regulatory authority of any state
or other jurisdiction, may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred except in compliance with the registration requirements of the
Securities Act or any other applicable securities laws or pursuant to an exemption therefrom and in each case in compliance with the
conditions for transfer in this Appendix A and the Indenture. Such transferee shall not resell or otherwise transfer any of such Notes
and Guarantees, except as provided in this Appendix A and the Indenture. It further acknowledges and agrees that, in the case of Notes
sold in reliance upon Regulation S, all offers and sales until the later of 40 days after (i) the issue date and (ii) when
the Notes and Guarantees or any predecessor of the Notes are first offered to persons other than distributors (as defined in Rule 902
of Regulation S) in reliance on Regulation S shall be made only in accordance with Section 903 or 904 of Regulation S, pursuant
to registration of the securities under the Securities Act or pursuant to an available exemption from the registration requirements of
the Securities Act.

A-6

(B) It
agrees that it will give to each person to whom it transfers the Notes and Guarantees notice of any restrictions on transfer of such
Notes and Guarantees. It acknowledges that the Company and the Trustee, as the case may be, reserve the right prior to any offer, sale
or other transfer to require the delivery of an opinion of counsel, certifications and/or information satisfactory to Company and the
Trustee, as provided in this Appendix A and the Indenture. It acknowledges that prior to any proposed transfer of Notes in certificated
form or of beneficial interests in a Global Note (in each case other than pursuant to an effective registration statement) the holder
of Notes and Guarantees or the holder of beneficial interests in a Global Note, as the case may be, may be required to provide certifications
and other documentation relating to the manner of such transfer and submit such certifications and other documentation as provided in
this Appendix A and the Indenture.

(C) It
acknowledges that the Company and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and
agreements and agrees that if any of the acknowledgments, representations or agreements deemed to have been made by its purchase of the
Notes and Guarantees are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Company. If it is acquiring the Notes and Guarantees as a fiduciary
or agent for one or more investor accounts, it represents that it has investment discretion with respect to each such account and it
has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgments, representations, and agreements on behalf of each account.

(e) Legends.

(i) Except
as permitted by Section 2.2(d) and this Section 2.2(e) of this Appendix A, each Note certificate evidencing the Global
Notes and the Definitive Notes (and all Notes issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof) shall bear a legend in substantially
the following form (each defined term in the legend being defined as such for purposes of the legend only) (Restricted Notes
Legend):

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION.
NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR
OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, SUCH REGISTRATION.
[IN THE CASE OF IAI NOTES: BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER HEREOF REPRESENTS THAT IT IS (A) A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL
BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT), OR (B) AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR (AS DEFINED
IN RULE 501(A)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT), AND AGREES THAT WITHIN THE TIME PERIOD REFERRED
TO UNDER RULE 144 (TAKING INTO ACCOUNT THE PROVISIONS OF RULE 144(D) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IF APPLICABLE) UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT AS IN EFFECT ON THE DATE OF THE TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE, TO OFFER, RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS NOTE] [IN THE CASE OF RULE
144A NOTES AND REGULATION S NOTES: THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY
INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HAS PURCHASED SECURITIES, TO OFFER, SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH NOTE, PRIOR TO THE DATE (THE RESALE
RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE) THAT IS [IN THE CASE OF RULE 144A NOTES: ONE YEAR AFTER THE LATER OF THE ORIGINAL
ISSUE DATE HEREOF AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE COMPANY OR ANY AFFILIATE OF THE COMPANY WAS THE OWNER OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY PREDECESSOR
OF SUCH NOTE)] [IN THE CASE OF REGULATION S NOTES: 40 DAYS AFTER THE LATER OF THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF AND THE DATE
ON WHICH THIS NOTE (OR ANY PREDECESSOR OF SUCH NOTE) WAS FIRST OFFERED TO PERSONS OTHER THAN DISTRIBUTORS (AS DEFINED IN RULE 902 OF
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S], ONLY (A) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) PURSUANT
TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT HAS BEEN DECLARED EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (C) FOR SO LONG AS THE SECURITIES ARE ELIGIBLE
FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (RULE 144A), TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL
BUYER TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (D) PURSUANT TO OFFERS AND SALES TO NON-U.S.
PERSONS THAT OCCUR OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (E) TO AN INSTITUTIONAL
ACCREDITED INVESTOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 501(A)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT THAT IS NOT
A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AND THAT IS PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ANOTHER INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR, IN
EACH CASE IN A MINIMUM PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF SECURITIES OF AT LEAST $250,000 OR (F) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, SUBJECT TO THE COMPANYS AND THE TRUSTEES RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER,
SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSES (D), (E) OR (F) TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATION AND/ OR
OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO EACH OF THEM. THE HOLDER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THE
NOTE EVIDENCED HEREBY OF THE RESALE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH ABOVE. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 FOR RESALE OF THE NOTE EVIDENCED HEREBY. THIS LEGEND WILL BE REMOVED UPON THE REQUEST OF THE HOLDER AFTER THE RESALE
RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE. [IN THE CASE OF REGULATION S NOTES: BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER HEREOF REPRESENTS
THAT IT HAS CERTIFIED THAT IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON NOR IS IT PURCHASING FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN
AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.]]

A-7

Each Definitive Note shall bear the following
additional legend (Definitive Notes Legend):

IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE
HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE SECURITY REGISTRAR SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH SECURITY REGISTRAR MAY REASONABLY
REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.

Each Global Note shall bear the following additional
legend (Global Notes Legend):

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED
BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT
FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH
OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO., OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY
AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY
PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE SHALL
BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO DTC, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE
AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE
INDENTURE REFERRED TO ON THE REVERSE HEREOF.

Each Note issued with original issue discount
will also bear the following additional legend (OID Notes Legend):

THIS NOTE MAY HAVE BEEN ISSUED
WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT (WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 1273 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED)
FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES. UPON WRITTEN REQUEST, THE COMPANY WILL PROMPTLY MAKE AVAILABLE TO ANY HOLDER OF THIS NOTE THE FOLLOWING
INFORMATION: (1) THE ISSUE PRICE AND DATE OF THE NOTE, (2) THE AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT, IF ANY, ON THE NOTE
AND (3) THE YIELD TO MATURITY OF THE NOTE. HOLDERS SHOULD CONTACT THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF THE COMPANY AT TWO NEWTON PLACE,
255 WASHINGTON STREET, SUITE 300, NEWTON, MA 02458-1634.

(ii) Upon
any sale or transfer of a Transfer Restricted Note that is a Definitive Note, the Security Registrar shall permit the Holder thereof
to exchange such Transfer Restricted Note for a Definitive Note that does not bear the Restricted Notes Legend and the Definitive Notes
Legend and rescind any restriction on the transfer of such Transfer Restricted Note if the Holder certifies in writing to the Security
Registrar that its request for such exchange is in respect of a transfer made in reliance on Rule 144 (such certification to be
in the form set forth on the reverse side of the Form of Note in Exhibit A) and provides such legal opinions, certifications
and other information as the Company or the Trustee may reasonably request.

A-8

(f) Cancellation
or Adjustment of Global Note. At such time as all beneficial interests in a Global Note have either been exchanged for Definitive
Notes, transferred in exchange for an interest in another Global Note, redeemed, repurchased or canceled, such Global Note shall be returned
by the Depositary to the Trustee for cancellation or retained and canceled by the Trustee. At any time prior to such cancellation, if
any beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, transferred in exchange for an interest in another Global
Note, redeemed, repurchased or canceled, the principal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note shall be reduced and an adjustment
shall be made on the books and records of the Security Registrar (if it is then the Custodian for such Global Note) with respect to such
Global Note, by the Security Registrar or the Custodian, to reflect such reduction.

(g) Obligations
with Respect to Transfers and Exchanges of Notes.

(i) To
permit registrations of transfers and exchanges, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate, Definitive Notes and Global
Notes at the Security Registrars request.

(ii) No
service charge shall be made for any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient
to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes,
other than exchanges pursuant to Section 3.04, 9.05 or 11.08 of the Indenture not involving any transfer.

(iii) Prior
to the due presentation for registration of transfer of any Note, the Company, each Subsidiary Guarantor, the Trustee, the Paying Agent
or the Security Registrar shall deem and treat the person in whose name a Note is registered as the absolute owner of such Note for the
purpose of receiving payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on such Note and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether
or not such Note is overdue, and none of the Company, any Subsidiary Guarantor, the Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Security Registrar
shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

(iv) Every
Note presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange shall (if so required by the Company or the Trustee or any
transfer agent) be duly endorsed, or be accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security
Registrar duly executed, by the Holder thereof or the attorney of such Holder duly authorized in writing.

(v) In
order to effect any transfer or exchange of an interest in any Transfer Restricted Note for an interest in a Note that does not bear
the Restricted Notes Legend and has not been registered under the Securities Act, if the Security Registrar so requests or if the Applicable
Procedures so require, an Opinion of Counsel, in form reasonably acceptable to the Security Registrar to the effect that no registration
under the Securities Act is required in respect of such exchange or transfer or the re-sale of such interest by the beneficial holder
thereof, shall be required to be delivered to the Security Registrar and the Trustee.

A-9

(h) No
Obligation of the Trustee.

(i) The
Trustee shall have no responsibility or obligation to any beneficial owner of a Global Note, a member of, or a participant in the Depositary
or any other Person with respect to the accuracy of the records of the Depositary or its nominee or of any participant or member thereof,
with respect to any ownership interest in the Notes or with respect to the delivery to any participant, member, beneficial owner or other
Person (other than the Depositary) of any notice (including any notice of redemption or repurchase) or the payment of any amount, under
or with respect to such Notes. All notices and communications to be given to the Holders and all payments to be made to Holders under
the Notes shall be given or made only to the registered Holders (which shall be the Depositary or its nominee in the case of a Global
Note). The rights of beneficial owners in any Global Note shall be exercised only through the Depositary subject to the applicable rules and
procedures of the Depositary. The Trustee may rely and shall be fully protected in relying upon information furnished by the Depositary
with respect to its members, participants and any beneficial owners.

(ii) The
Trustee shall have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed
under the Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Note (including any transfers between
or among Depositary participants, members or beneficial owners in any Global Note) other than to require delivery of such certificates
and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by, the terms of the Indenture,
and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof.

Section 2.3 Definitive
Notes.

(a) Except
as provided below, owners of beneficial interests in Global Notes shall not be entitled to receive Definitive Notes. A Global Note deposited
with the Depositary or with the Trustee as Custodian pursuant to Section 2.1 of this Appendix A may be transferred to the beneficial
owners thereof in the form of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Global Note, in
exchange for such Global Note, only if such transfer complies with Section 2.2 of this Appendix A and (i) the Depositary notifies
the Company that it is unwilling or unable to continue as a Depositary for such Global Note or if at any time the Depositary ceases to
be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and, in each case, a successor depositary is not appointed by the
Company within 90 days of such notice or after the Company becomes aware of such cessation, (ii) an Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing and the Security Registrar has received a request from the Depositary or (iii) the Company, in its sole discretion
and subject to the procedures of the Depositary, notifies the Trustee in writing that it elects to cause the issuance of Definitive Notes
under the Indenture. In addition, any Affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor that is a beneficial owner of all or part
of a Global Note may have such Affiliates beneficial interest transferred to such Affiliate in the form of a Definitive Note by
providing a written request to the Company and the Trustee and such Opinions of Counsel, certificates or other information as may be
required by the Indenture or the Company or Trustee. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.3, no Regulation
S Global Note may be exchanged for a Definitive Note until the end of the Distribution Compliance Period applicable to such Regulation
S Global Note and receipt by the Trustee and the Company of any certificates required by either of them pursuant to Rule 903(b)(3)(ii)(B) under
the Securities Act.

A-10

(b) Any
Global Note that is transferable to the beneficial owners thereof pursuant to this Section 2.3 shall be surrendered by the Depositary
to the Trustee, to be so transferred, in whole or from time to time in part, without charge, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver,
upon such transfer of each portion of such Global Note, an equal aggregate principal amount of Definitive Notes of authorized denominations.
Any portion of a Global Note transferred pursuant to this Section 2.3 shall be executed, authenticated and delivered only in minimum
denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof and registered in such names as the Depositary shall direct.
Any Definitive Note delivered in exchange for an interest in a Global Note that is a Transfer Restricted Note shall, except as otherwise
provided by Section 2.2(d) of this Appendix A, bear the Restricted Notes Legend.

(c) In
the event of the occurrence of any of the events specified in Section 2.3(a) of this Appendix A, the Company shall promptly
make available to the Trustee a reasonable supply of Definitive Notes in fully registered form without interest coupons.

A-11

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF NOTE

[Form of Face of Note]

[Insert the Restricted Notes Legend, if applicable,
pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture]

[Insert the Global Notes Legend, if applicable,
pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture]

[Insert the Definitive Notes Legend, if applicable,
pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture]

[Insert the OID Notes Legend, if applicable, pursuant
to the provisions of the Indenture.]

CUSIP []

ISIN []

[IAI][RULE 144A][REGULATION S] GLOBAL NOTE

OFFICE
PROPERTIES INCOME TRUST

No. []

8.000% SENIOR PRIORITY GUARANTEED UNSECURED NOTE
DUE 2030

Office
Properties Income Trust, a real estate investment trust duly organized and existing under the laws of Maryland (herein called
the Company, which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received,
hereby promises to pay to____________________________, or registered assigns, the principal amount of $_______________________, as revised
by the Schedule of Increases and Decreases in the Global Note attached hereto on January 31, 2030.

Additional provisions of this Note are set forth
on the other side of this Note.

A-12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this instrument to be duly executed.

Dated: OFFICE PROPERTIES INCOME TRUST

By: 

Name:

Title:

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

Dated:

This
is one of the Notes referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-13

[Form of Reverse of Note]

1. General.
The Company issued this Note under an Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time, the Indenture), among the Company, the Initial Subsidiary Guarantors and U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association, as Trustee. The terms of this Note include those stated in the Indenture. Capitalized terms used but not defined
herein have the meaning given to them in the Indenture. To the extent any provision of this Note conflicts with the express provisions
of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall govern and be controlling.

[This Note is one of the Initial Notes referred
to in the Indenture.]1 The Notes include Initial Notes and any Additional Notes. The Initial Notes and any Additional Notes
will, at the Companys option, be treated as a single class for all purposes under the Indenture, including, without limitation,
requests, demands, authorizations, directions, notices, consents, waivers or other actions hereunder; provided, that if the Additional
Notes are not fungible with the Initial Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Additional Notes will have a separate CUSIP number
and/or ISIN, if applicable.

2. Interest.
Unless previously redeemed, the Notes will bear interest at 8.000% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on January 31
and July 31 of each year, commencing July 31, 2025, to the Persons in whose names the Notes are registered in the Security
Register at the close of business on the Record Date, which shall be January 15 or July 15 (in each case, whether or not a
Business Day), as the case may be, immediately before such Interest Payment Date. Interest on the Notes will be computed on the basis
of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. If any scheduled Interest Payment Date, the Stated Maturity or any Redemption Date
falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the payment will be made on the next Business Day and no interest will accrue thereon for
the period from and after such Interest Payment Date, the Stated Maturity or such Redemption Date.

3. Method
of Payment. By no later than 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time on the date on which any principal of and premium, if any, and interest
on any Note is due and payable, the Company shall deposit with the Paying Agent a sum sufficient in immediately available funds to pay
such principal, premium, if any, and interest when due. Interest on any Note which is payable, and is timely paid or duly provided for,
on any Interest Payment Date shall be paid to the Person in whose name such Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) is registered at
the close of business on the immediately preceding January 15 and July 15 (in each case, whether or not a Business Day) at
the office or agency of the Company maintained for such purpose pursuant to Section 10.02 of the Indenture. The principal of (and
premium, if any), and interest on the Note shall be payable at the office or agency of Paying Agent or Security Registrar designated
by the Company maintained for such purpose in the United States or at such other office or agency of the Company as may be maintained
for such purpose pursuant to Section 10.03 of the Indenture; provided, however, that, at the option of the Company, the principal
of (and premium, if any) and interest, may be paid by (i) check mailed to addresses of the Persons entitled thereto as such addresses
shall appear on the Security Register or (ii) wire transfer to an account located in the United States maintained by the payee,
subject to the last sentence of this paragraph. Payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note (including principal, premium,
if any, and interest) shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the accounts specified by The Depository Trust
Company or any successor depository. Payments of any principal of, premium, if any, and interest on any Note is due and payable shall
be made without withholding and free and clear of any taxes, except as required by applicable law.

1 For Initial Notes only.

A-14

4. Paying
Agent and Security Registrar. Initially, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association or one of its Affiliates will act as Paying
Agent and Security Registrar. The Company or any of its Affiliates may act as Paying Agent, Security Registrar or co-Security Registrar.

5. Optional
Redemption.

At
any time on or after March 12, 2027, the Company may redeem at its option on any one or more occasions all or any part of
the Notes upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days notice, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal
amount) set forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to, but not including, the applicable Redemption Date (subject
to the right of Holders of the Notes on the relevant Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date occurring
on or prior to the Redemption Date), if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning on March 12 of the years indicated below:

Year Percentage 

2027 104.000 %

2028 102.000 %

2029 and thereafter 100.000 %

Prior to March 12, 2027,
the Company may redeem all or a part of the Notes upon giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior written notice to Holders,
at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed plus the Make-Whole Amount (as calculated by
the Company) as of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the applicable Redemption Date (subject to the right
of Holders of the Notes on the relevant Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date occurring on or prior
to the Redemption Date).

At any time and from time
to time prior to March 12, 2027, the Company may redeem the Notes with the net cash proceeds received by the Company from any Equity
Offering at a redemption price equal to 108.000% of the principal amount of such Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to,
but not including, the Redemption Date (subject to the right of Holders of the Notes on the relevant Record Date to receive interest
due on the relevant interest payment date occurring on or prior to the Redemption Date), in an aggregate principal amount for all such
redemptions not to exceed 40% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes issued under the indenture on the issue date of
the Notes; provided that:

(i) in
each case the redemption takes place not later than 180 days after the closing of the related
Equity Offering, and

A-15

(ii) not
less than 50% of the aggregate principal amount of the then-outstanding Notes issued under
the Indenture remains
outstanding immediately thereafter (excluding Notes held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries),
unless all such Notes are redeemed substantially concurrently.

Any redemption and notice
of redemption may, at the Companys discretion, be subject to the satisfaction of one more conditions precedent as provided in
Section 11.05 of the Indenture.

Nothing in this Note or the
Indenture will limit the Companys or its Affiliates ability to repurchase or retire Notes other than by redemption, whether
by tender offer, exchange offer, open market repurchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise.

6. Mandatory
Redemption. The Notes may be subject to redemption from time to time prior to their maturity pursuant to a Subsidiary Guarantor
Asset Sale Redemption pursuant to and subject to the terms of Section 10.11 of the Indenture. Other than as set forth in the immediately
preceding sentence, the Notes will not be subject to mandatory redemption or any sinking fund payments.

7. Discharge
and Defeasance. The Indenture contains provisions for discharge or defeasance at any time of the entire indebtedness of this Notes
or certain restrictive covenants and Events of Default with respect to this Note, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions
set forth in the Indenture.

8. Defaults
and Remedies. If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Notes, plus accrued
and unpaid interest, if any, may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture.

9. Actions
of Holders. The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the
rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Notes to be affected under the Indenture, any Guarantee and
the Notes at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority of the aggregate principal
amount of the Outstanding Notes at the time to be affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified
percentages in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes at the time, on behalf of the Holders of all Notes, to waive compliance by the
Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent
or waiver by the Holder of this Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of
any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent
or waiver is made upon this Note.

A-16

As
provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder of this Note shall not have the right to institute any proceeding,
judicial or otherwise, with respect to the Indenture or this Note, or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other
remedy thereunder, unless such Holder shall have previously given written notice to the Trustee of a continuing Event of Default with
respect to the Notes, the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes shall have made written
request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default in its own name as Trustee under the Indenture and
offered the Trustee reasonable indemnity against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred in compliance with such request,
and the Trustee shall not have received from the Holders of a majority in principal amount of Outstanding Notes at the time a direction
inconsistent with such written request, and shall have failed to institute any such proceeding for 60 days after receipt of such notice,
request and offer of indemnity. The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this Note for the enforcement of
any payment of principal hereof or any premium or interest hereon on or after the respective due dates expressed herein.

10. Payments
Not Impaired. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Note and/or the Indenture, the Holder of this Note shall have the
right, which is absolute and unconditional, to receive payment of the principal of (and premium, if any), and any interest on, this Note
on the respective Stated Maturities expressed herein (or, in the case of redemption, on the Redemption Date) and to institute suit for
the enforcement of any such payment, and such rights shall not be impaired without the consent of such Holder.

11. Denominations,
Transfer, Exchange. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Note
is registrable in the Security Register, upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company
in any place where the principal of and any premium and interest on this Note are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written
instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his or her
attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Notes, of any authorized denominations and of like tenor and
aggregate principal amount, will be issued in the name of the designated transferee or transferees.

The
Notes are issuable only in registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.
As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the Notes are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal
amount and of like tenor of a different authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same.

No
service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient
to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection therewith.

12. Persons
Deemed Owners. Prior to due presentment of this Note for registration of transfer, the Company, each Subsidiary Guarantor, the
Trustee and any agent of the Company, any Subsidiary Guarantor or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note is registered
as the owner hereof for all purposes whatsoever, whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Company, any Subsidiary Guarantor,
the Trustee nor any agent of the Company, any Subsidiary Guarantor or the Trustee shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

A-17

13. Unclaimed
Money. Any money deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal
of (and premium, if any), and any interest on, any Notes and remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal (and premium, if
any), and any interest, has become due and payable shall be paid to the Company on Company Request, or (if then held by the Company)
shall be discharged from such trust and the Holder of such Note shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to
the Company for payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money, and all liability
of the Company as trustee thereof, shall thereupon cease provided, however, that the Trustee or such Paying Agent,
before being required to make any such repayment, may at the expense of the Company cause to be published once, in an Authorized Newspaper
in each Place of Payment, notice that such money remains unclaimed and that, after a date specified therein, which shall not be less
than 30 days from the date of such publication, any unclaimed balance of such money then remaining will be repaid to the Company.

14. Subsidiary
Guarantees. The Notes will be entitled to the benefits of certain Subsidiary Guarantees made for the benefit of the Holders of the
Notes. Reference is hereby made to the Indenture for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and obligations
thereunder of the Subsidiary Guarantors, the Trustee and the Holders.

15. No
Recourse Against Others. A trustee, director, officer, employee, incorporator, member or shareholder, as such, of the Company or
any Subsidiary Guarantor shall not have any liability for any obligations of the Company or the Subsidiary Guarantors under this Note,
the other Notes, the Guarantees or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their
creation. By accepting a Note, each Holder shall waive and release all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration
for issuance of the Notes.

16. No
Personal Liability. THE AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST ESTABLISHING OFFICE PROPERTIES INCOME TRUST (FORMERLY KNOWN
AS SELECT INCOME REIT), DATED JUNE 8, 2009, AS AMENDED, AS FILED WITH THE STATE DEPARTMENT OF ASSESSMENTS AND TAXATION OF MARYLAND, PROVIDES
THAT NO TRUSTEE, OFFICER, SHAREHOLDER, EMPLOYEE OR AGENT OF OFFICE PROPERTIES INCOME TRUST SHALL BE HELD TO ANY PERSONAL LIABILITY, JOINTLY
OR SEVERALLY, FOR ANY OBLIGATION OF, OR CLAIM AGAINST, OFFICE PROPERTIES INCOME TRUST. ALL PERSONS DEALING WITH OFFICE PROPERTIES INCOME
TRUST IN ANY WAY SHALL LOOK ONLY TO THE ASSETS OF OFFICE PROPERTIES INCOME TRUST FOR THE PAYMENT OF ANY SUM OR THE PERFORMANCE OF ANY
OBLIGATION.

17. Authentication.
This Note shall not be valid until an authorized officer of the Trustee (or an Authenticating Agent) manually or electronically signs
the certificate of authentication on the other side of this Note.

18. Abbreviations.
Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants
by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A
(= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).

A-18

19. ISIN
and/or CUSIP Numbers. The Company may cause ISIN and/or CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes, and if so the Trustee shall use
ISIN and/or CUSIP numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such
numbers either as printed on the Notes or as contained in any notice of redemption, and reliance may be placed only on the other identification
numbers placed on the Notes.

20. Governing
Law. This Note shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

A-19

ASSIGNMENT FORM

To assign this Note, fill in the form below:

(I) or (we) assign and transfer
this Note to: 

(Insert assignees
legal name)

(Insert
assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. no.)

(Print or type
assignees name, address and zip code)

and
irrevocably appoint 

to transfer this Note on the books of the Company. The
agent may substitute another to act for him.

Date:________________

Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name
appears on the face of this Note)

Signature Guarantee*:_____________________________________________

* Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee
Medallion Program (or other signature guarantor acceptable to the Trustee).

A-20

CERTIFICATE TO BE DELIVERED UPON EXCHANGE OR

REGISTRATION OF TRANSFERS OF TRANSFER RESTRICTED NOTES

This
certificate relates to $__________ principal amount of Notes held in (check applicable space) ____ book-entry or _____ definitive
form by the undersigned.

The undersigned (check one
box below):

has
requested the Trustee by written order to deliver in exchange for its beneficial interest
in a Global Note held by the Depositary a Note or Notes in definitive, registered form of
authorized denominations and an aggregate principal amount equal to its beneficial interest
in such Global Note (or the portion thereof indicated above) in accordance with the Indenture;
or

has
requested the Trustee by written order to exchange or register the transfer of a Note or
Notes.

In connection with any transfer
of any of the Notes evidenced by this certificate, the undersigned confirms that such Notes are being transferred in accordance with
its terms:

CHECK ONE BOX BELOW

(1) to the Company or subsidiary thereof; or

(2) to the Security Registrar for registration in the name of the Holder, without transfer; or

(3) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act);
or

(4) to a Person that the undersigned reasonably believes is a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under
the Securities Act (Rule 144A)) that purchases for its own account or for the account of a qualified institutional
buyer and to whom notice is given that such transfer is being made in reliance on Rule 144A, in each case pursuant to and in compliance
with Rule 144A; or

(5) pursuant to offers and sales to non-U.S. persons that occur outside the United States within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities
Act (and if the transfer is being made prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, the Notes shall be held immediately
thereafter through Euroclear or Clearstream); or

(6) to an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the
Securities Act) that has furnished to the Trustee a signed letter in the form of Exhibit B containing certain representations
and agreements; or

A-21

(7) pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act; or

(8) pursuant to another available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.

Unless one of the boxes is checked,
the Trustee will refuse to register any of the Notes evidenced by this certificate in the name of any Person other than the registered
Holder thereof; provided, however, that if box (5), (6), (7) or (8) is checked, the Company or the Trustee may require,
prior to registering any such transfer of the Notes, such legal opinions, certifications and other information as the Company or the
Trustee has reasonably requested to confirm that such transfer is being made pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

Your Signature

Date: 

Signature of Signature

Guarantor

TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (4) ABOVE
IS CHECKED.

The undersigned represents
and warrants that it is purchasing this Note for its own account or an account with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion
and that it and any such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A, and is aware
that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received such information regarding the
Company as the undersigned has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such information and that it is
aware that the transferor is relying upon the undersigneds foregoing representations in order to claim the exemption from registration
provided by Rule 144A.

Date: ___________________ 

NOTICE: To be executed by an executive
officer

Name:

Title

Signature Guarantee*:_____________________________________________

* Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or
other signature guarantor acceptable to the Trustee).

A-22

TO BE COMPLETED IF THE HOLDER REQUIRES AN EXCHANGE
FROM A REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE TO AN UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE, PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.2(d)(iii) OF APPENDIX A TO
THE INDENTURE2

The undersigned represents and warrants that either:

the
undersigned is not a dealer (as defined in the Securities Act) and is a non-U.S. person (within
the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act); or

the
undersigned is not a dealer (as defined in the Securities Act) and is a U.S. person (within
the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act) who purchased interests in the Notes
pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements
under the Securities Act; or

the
undersigned is a dealer (as defined in the Securities Act) and the interest of the undersigned
in this Note does not constitute the whole or a part of an unsold allotment to or subscription
by such dealer for the Notes.

Date: 

Your Signature

2 Include only for Regulation S Global Notes.

A-23

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE GLOBAL
NOTE*

The initial outstanding principal
amount of this Global Note is $____________. The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for an interest in another Global
Note or for a Definitive Note, or exchanges of a part of another Global Note or Definitive Note for an interest in this Global Note,
have been made:

Date of Exchange Amount of 

decrease

in principal

amount of

this Global Note Amount of

increase

in principal

amount of

this

Global Note Principal

amount
of

this Global

Note

following

such

decrease or

increase Signature of

authorized signatory

of Trustee,

Depositary or

Custodian

* This schedule should be included only if the Note is issued in global form.

A-24

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF

TRANSFEREE LETTER OF REPRESENTATION

Office
Properties Income Trust

Two Newton Place, 255 Washington Street, Suite 300

Newton, MA, 02458-1634

Attention: General Counsel

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This
certificate is delivered to request a transfer of $[ ] 8.000% Senior Priority Guaranteed
Unsecured Notes due 2030 (the Notes) of Office Properties Income Trust (the Company).

Upon transfer, the Notes would be registered in the name of the new
beneficial owner as follows:

Name:_________________________

Address:_______________________

Taxpayer ID Number:______________

The undersigned represents and warrants to you that:

1. We
are an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act)), purchasing for our own account or for the account of such an institutional
accredited investor at least $250,000 principal amount of the Notes, and we are acquiring the Notes, for investment
purposes and not with a view to, or for offer or sale in connection with, any distribution in violation of the Securities Act. We have
such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of our investment
in the Notes, and we invest in or purchase securities similar to the Notes in the normal course of our business. We, and any accounts
for which we are acting, are each able to bear the economic risk of our or its investment, including the loss of the entirety our investment.

2. We
understand that the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act and, unless so registered, may not be sold except as permitted
in the following sentence. We agree on our own behalf and on behalf of any investor account for which we are purchasing Notes to offer,
sell or otherwise transfer such Notes prior to the date that is one year after the later of the date of original issue and the last date
on which the Company or any affiliate of the Company was the owner of such Notes (or any predecessor thereto) (the Resale Restriction
Termination Date) only in accordance with the Restricted Notes Legend (as such term is defined in the indenture under which
the Notes were issued) on the Notes and any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States. The foregoing restrictions
on resale will not apply subsequent to the Resale Restriction Termination Date. In addition, we will, and each subsequent holder is required
to, notify any purchaser of the Notes of the resale restrictions described above. If any resale or other transfer of the Notes is proposed
to be made pursuant to Section 2.2(d) of Appendix A to the indenture under which the Notes were issued prior to the Resale
Restriction Termination Date, to an IAI or for an interest in an IAI Note, the transferor shall deliver a letter from the transferee
substantially in the form of this letter to the Company and the Trustee, which shall provide, among other things, that the transferee
is an institutional accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the
Securities Act and that it is acquiring such Notes for investment purposes and not for distribution in violation of the Securities Act.
Each purchaser acknowledges that the Company and the Trustee reserve the right prior to the offer, sale or other transfer prior to the
Resale Restriction Termination Date of the Notes with respect to applicable transfers described in the Restricted Notes Legend to require
the delivery of an opinion of counsel, certifications and/or other information satisfactory to the Company and the Trustee.

TRANSFEREE:_____________________________ , 

by:

B-1

EXHIBIT C

FORM OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated
as of [], 20[] (this Supplemental Indenture) by and among Office Properties Income Trust (the Company),
the other parties listed as New Guarantors on the signature pages hereto (each, a New Guarantor and, collectively,
the New Guarantors) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (in such capacity, the Trustee).

W I T N E S E T H

WHEREAS, the Company, the
Trustee and the other parties thereto have heretofore executed and delivered an Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2025 (as amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Indenture), providing for the issuance by the Company
of $14,439,000 aggregate principal amount of 8.000% Senior Priority Guaranteed Unsecured Notes due 2030 (the Notes).

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.01
of the Indenture, the Company and the Trustee are authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture; and

WHEREAS, all necessary acts
have been done to make this Supplemental Indenture a legal, valid and binding agreement of each New Guarantor in accordance with the
terms of this Supplemental Indenture.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties mutually covenant
and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.1 Capitalized
Terms. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

ARTICLE II

AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND

SECTION 2.1 Agreement
to Guarantee. The New Guarantor acknowledges that it has received and reviewed a copy of the Indenture and all other documents it
deems necessary to review in order to enter into this Supplemental Indenture, and acknowledges and agrees to (i) join and become
a party to the Indenture as indicated by its signature below; (ii) be bound by the Indenture, as of the date hereof, as if made
by, and with respect to, each signatory hereto; and (iii) perform all obligations and duties required of a Subsidiary Guarantor
pursuant to the Indenture. The New Guarantor hereby agrees to provide a Guarantee on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
in the Indenture, including, but not limited to, Article Twelve thereof. The New Guarantor further agrees to execute and
deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, to the Trustee any and all such documents, agreements, instruments, certificates, notices
and acknowledgments, and shall take or cause to be taken such further actions which may be required by law or which the Trustee may (without
obligation to do so), from time to time, reasonably request to carry out the terms and conditions of the Indenture.

SECTION 2.2 Execution
and Delivery. The New Guarantor agrees that the Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the absence of the
endorsement of any notation of such Guarantee on the Notes.

ARTICLE III

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 3.1 Governing
Law. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

SECTION 3.2 Severability.
In case any provision in this Supplemental Indenture shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

SECTION 3.3 Ratification.
Except as expressly amended hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions
thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every
Holder heretofore or hereafter shall be bound hereby. The Trustee makes no representation or warranty as to the validity or sufficiency
of this Supplemental Indenture.

SECTION 3.4 Counterparts.
The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together
represent the same agreement. One signed copy is enough to prove this Supplemental Indenture. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental
Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery
of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or other electronic
transmission shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes.

SECTION 3.5 Effect
of Headings. The headings herein are convenience of reference only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

SECTION 3.6 The
Trustee. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental
Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the New Guarantor.

SECTION 3.7 Benefits
Acknowledged. The New Guarantors Guarantee is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture. The New Guarantor
acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by the Indenture and this
Supplemental Indenture and that the guarantee and waivers made by it pursuant to its Guarantee and this Supplemental Indenture are knowingly
made in contemplation of such benefits.

A-2

SECTION 3.8 Successors.
All agreements of the New Guarantor in this Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors, except as otherwise provided in this Supplemental
Indenture. All agreements of the Trustee in this Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

A-3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the date first above written.

ISSUER:

OFFICE PROPERTIES INCOME TRUST

By: 

Name:

Title:

NEW GUARANTORS:

[NEW GUARANTORS]

By: 

Name:

Title:

TRUSTEE:

US BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm258902d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Office Properties Income Trust Announces Final
Results of Private Exchange Offers Relating to Existing Unsecured Senior Notes

Exchange Settlement Date Scheduled for March 12,
2025

Newton, MA (March 11,
2025): Office Properties Income Trust (Nasdaq: OPI) (OPI) today announced the final results for the previously
announced private exchange offers (as amended, the Exchange Offers) to exchange its outstanding senior unsecured
notes due 2026 (the Existing 2026 Notes), 2027 (the Existing 2027 Notes) and 2031 (the Existing
2031 Notes, and together with the Existing 2026 Notes and the Existing 2027 Notes, the Existing Notes)
for new 8.000% Senior Priority Guaranteed Unsecured Notes due 2030 (the New Notes) and related guarantees pursuant
to the terms and conditions set forth in an Offering Memorandum, dated as of February 7, 2025 (the Offering Memorandum),
as supplemented by the supplement dated February 13, 2025 and as amended by OPIs press releases dated February 24, 2025
and March 3, 2025. OPI expects that the settlement date for the Exchange Offers on which it will deliver the New Notes to participating
Eligible Holders, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of applicable conditions, will be March 12, 2025.

The following table sets forth (a) the aggregate
principal amount of tendered Existing Notes accepted for exchange pursuant to the Exchange Offers and (b) the aggregate principal
amount of New Notes that OPI expects to issue as consideration in each of the Exchange Offers.

Existing Notes to

Be Exchanged CUSIP/ISIN Existing

Aggregate

Outstanding

Principal

Amount Principal

Amount

of Existing

Notes

Accepted for

Exchange

Pursuant to the

Exchange Offers Percentage of

Existing 

Notes

Accepted for

Exchange

Pursuant to 

the

Exchange 

Offers Exchange

Consideration Principal

Amount of New

Notes Expected to be

Delivered 

Existing 2026 Notes 67623CAD1/ US67623CAD11 $ 140,488,000 $ 6,559,000 4.7 % $ 890 $ 5,836,000 

Existing 2031 Notes 67623CAF6/ US67623CAF68 $ 114,355,000 $ 11,953,000 10.5 % $ 563 $ 6,721,000 

Existing 2027 Notes 67623CAE9/

US67623CAE93 $ 80,784,000 $ 2,478,000 3.1 % $ 761 $ 1,882,000 

Total $ 20,990,000 $ 14,439,000 

No Registration; Eligible Holders

The offer and sale of the New Notes and related
guarantees was not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or any state securities
laws, and the New Notes and related guarantees will therefore be subject to restrictions on transferability and resale. OPI does not intend
to register the sale of any of the New Notes and related guarantees under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction
and is not providing registration rights. The New Notes and related guarantees may not be offered or sold in the United States absent
registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements and may not be transferred by any holder except in accordance with
the restrictions described under Transfer Restrictions in the Offering Memorandum. The Exchange Offers were made, and the
New Notes and related guarantees are being offered and issued, only to holders who have certified to OPI that they are (a) in the
U.S. and are qualified institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) and are holders of the
Existing Notes, (b) outside the U.S. and are holders of the Existing Notes who are non-U.S. persons in reliance upon and in compliance
with Regulation S under the Securities Act or (c) institutions and holders of the Existing Notes that can certify they are institutional
accredited investors as defined in subparagraph (a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Rule 501 under the Securities
Act (such holders, Eligible Holders). Only Eligible Holders were authorized to receive or review the Offering Memorandum
or to participate in the Exchange Offers.

About Office Properties Income Trust

OPI is a national REIT focused on owning and leasing
office properties to high credit quality tenants in markets throughout the United States. As of December 31, 2024, approximately
58% of OPI's revenues were from investment grade rated tenants. OPI owned 128 properties as of December 31, 2024, with approximately
17.8 million square feet located in 29 states and Washington, D.C. In 2024, OPI was named as an Energy Star Partner of the Year for
the seventh consecutive year. OPI is managed by The RMR Group (Nasdaq: RMR), a leading U.S. alternative asset management company with
over $40 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2024, and more than 35 years of institutional experience in buying,
selling, financing and operating commercial real estate. OPI is headquartered in Newton, MA.

WARNING CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Statements in this news release, including statements
regarding the Exchange Offers constitute forward-looking statements that do not directly or exclusively relate to historical
facts. When used in this release, the words may, will, might, should, expect,
plan, anticipate, project, believe, estimate, predict,
intend, potential, outlook, and continue, and the negative of these terms, and
other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements and information.

The forward-looking statements reflect OPIs
intentions, plans, expectations, anticipations, projections, estimations, predictions, assumptions and beliefs about future events and
are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside of OPIs control. Important factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements include known and
unknown risks. Known risks include, among others, market conditions and the risks described in OPIs annual reports on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports and risks and uncertainties related
to OPIs ability to consummate the Exchange Offers.

You should not place undue reliance upon forward-looking
statements. Except as required by law, OPI does not intend to update or change any forward-looking statements as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise.

Questions regarding the Exchange Offers may be
directed to:

Contact:

Kevin Barry, Senior Director, Investor
Relations

(617) 219-1410

(end)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>opi-20250310.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>opi-20250310_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>opi-20250310_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock [Member] 

Senior Unsecured Notes 6. 375 Percent Due In 2050 [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>opi-20250310_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm258902d1_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm258902d1_ex99-1img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm258902d1_ex99-1img003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 10, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 001-34364

Entity Registrant Name OFFICE PROPERTIES INCOME TRUST

Entity Central Index Key 0001456772

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-4273474

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Address Line One Two Newton Place

Entity Address, Address Line Two 255 Washington Street

Entity Address, Address Line Three Suite
300

Entity Address, City or Town Newton

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02458-1634

City Area Code 617

Local Phone Number 219-1440

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Shares of Beneficial Interest

Trading Symbol OPI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Senior Unsecured Notes 6. 375 Percent Due In 2050 [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 6.375% Senior Notes due 2050

Trading Symbol OPINL

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=opi_SeniorUnsecuredNotes6.375PercentDueIn2050Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://opireit.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

opi-20250310.xsd 
opi-20250310_def.xml 
opi-20250310_lab.xml 
opi-20250310_pre.xml 
tm258902d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-023000-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>tm258902d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001456772 

2025-03-10 
2025-03-10 

0001456772 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-03-10 
2025-03-10 

0001456772 

opi:SeniorUnsecuredNotes6.375PercentDueIn2050Member 

2025-03-10 
2025-03-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001456772 
8-K 
2025-03-10 
OFFICE PROPERTIES INCOME TRUST 
MD 
001-34364 
26-4273474 
Two Newton Place 
255 Washington Street 
Suite 300 
Newton 
MA 
02458-1634 
617 
219-1440 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Shares of Beneficial Interest 
OPI 
NASDAQ 
6.375% Senior Notes due 2050 
OPINL 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>