<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-089187.txt : 20250422
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-089187.hdr.sgml : 20250422
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250422160519
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-089187
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250420
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250422
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250422

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IonQ, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001824920
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				852992192
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39694
		FILM NUMBER:		25857712

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4505 CAMPUS DRIVE
		CITY:			COLLEGE PARK
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20740
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(301) 298-7997

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4505 CAMPUS DRIVE
		CITY:			COLLEGE PARK
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20740

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	dMY Technology Group, Inc. III
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200915
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d939254d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0001824920--12-3100018249202025-04-202025-04-200001824920ionq:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShare2Member2025-04-202025-04-200001824920ionq:WarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockFor11.50PerShare1Member2025-04-202025-04-20

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 20, 2025

IonQ, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-39694 85-2992192

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

4505 Campus Drive 

College Park, Maryland 20740

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: 301298-7997

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share IONQ New York Stock Exchange

Warrants, each exercisable for one share of common stock for $11.50 per share IONQ WS New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.03 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

On April 20, 2025, the Board of Directors of IonQ, Inc. (the Company) approved the Companys Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Amended Bylaws), effective immediately. The Amended Bylaws modified the provisions for determining the presence of a quorum at all meetings of stockholders, to provide that the presence, in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or by proxy, of the holders of one-third of the voting power of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Prior to the amendment and restatement, the presence, in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders, constituted a quorum for the transaction of business. The Amended Bylaws also contain updated advance notice provisions to bring the bylaws in line with current best practices. 

The foregoing description of the Amended Bylaws is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amended Bylaws filed as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. 

3.1 Amended and Restated Bylaws of IonQ, Inc. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

IonQ, Inc.

Date: April 22, 2025 By: 

/s/ Stacey Giamalis

Stacey Giamalis

Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d939254dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

OF

IONQ, INC.

(A DELAWARE CORPORATION)

ARTICLE I

OFFICES

Section 1. Registered Office. The registered office of IonQ, Inc. (the corporation) in the
State of Delaware shall be as set forth in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation, as the same may be amended or restated from time to time (the Certificate of
Incorporation).

Section 2. Other Offices. The corporation may also have and maintain offices at such
other places, both within and without the State of Delaware.

ARTICLE II

CORPORATE SEAL

Section 3. Corporate Seal. The Board of Directors of the corporation (the Board of Directors)
may adopt a corporate seal. If adopted, the corporate seal shall consist of the name of the corporation and the inscription, Corporate Seal-Delaware. Said seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be
impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.

ARTICLE III

STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS

Section 4. Place of Meetings. Meetings of the stockholders of the corporation shall be held at such place, if any,
either within or without the State of Delaware, as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that the meeting shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held
solely by means of remote communication as provided under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL) and Section 14 below.

Section 5. Advance Notice Procedures.

(a) Annual Meetings of Stockholders.

(i) The annual meeting of the stockholders of the corporation, for the purpose of election of directors and for such other business as
may properly come before it, shall be held on such date and at such time as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may postpone, reschedule or cancel any annual meeting of stockholders at any time,
before or after the notice for such meeting has been given to the stockholders. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors and proposals of business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of
stockholders only: (i) pursuant to the corporations notice of meeting of stockholders (or any supplement thereto); (ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof; or (iii) by any
stockholder of the corporation who (A) is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of the stockholders notice provided for in Section 5(a)(ii) below, (B) is a stockholder of record on the record date for the determination
of stockholders entitled to notice of the annual meeting, (C) is a stockholder of record on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting, (D) is a stockholder of record at the time of the
annual meeting, and (E) complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 5. For the avoidance of doubt, clause (iii) above shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations and submit other business
(other than matters properly included in the corporations notice of meeting of stockholders and proxy statement under Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended and inclusive of the
rules and regulations thereunder, the 1934 Act)) before an annual meeting of stockholders. At an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as is a proper matter for stockholder action under
Delaware law, the Certificate of Incorporation and these Amended and Restated Bylaws (Bylaws), and only such nominations shall be made and such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the
meeting in accordance with the procedures below.

(ii) For nominations for the election to the Board of Directors or other business
to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of Section 5(a)(i), the stockholder must have given written notice to the Secretary of the corporation (the Secretary) at
the principal executive offices of the corporation on a timely basis. To be timely, a stockholders notice must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation no earlier than 8:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on the
120th day and no later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the 90th day prior to the day of the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting of stockholders as first specified in the corporations notice of such annual meeting
(without regard to any adjournment, rescheduling, postponement or other delay of such annual meeting occurring after such notice was first sent); provided, however, that, if no annual meeting of stockholders was held in the preceding year, or
if the date of the annual meeting for the current year has been changed by more than 30 days from the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting, then notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received by the Secretary at
the principal executive offices of the corporation no earlier than 8:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on the 120th day prior to the day of such annual meeting and no later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the later of the 90th day prior to the day of such
annual meeting or, if the first public announcement of the date of such annual meeting is less than 100 days prior to the date of such annual meeting, the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the annual meeting was
first made by the corporation. In no event shall an adjournment, rescheduling, postponement or other delay of an annual meeting, or the announcement thereof, commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a
stockholders notice as described above. In no event may a stockholder provide notice with respect to a greater number of director candidates than there are director seats subject to election by stockholders at the annual meeting. In the event
that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors is increased and there is no public announcement naming all of the 

nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board of Directors at least 10 days before the last day that a stockholder may deliver a notice of nomination pursuant to the
foregoing provisions, then a stockholders notice required by this Section 5(a)(ii) shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to any nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be received by the
Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation no later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the 10th day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the corporation. Public
announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by a national news service or in a document publicly filed by the corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, Section 14 or
Section 15(d) of the 1934 Act or by such other means as is reasonably designed to inform the public or stockholders of the corporation in general of such information, including, without limitation, posting on the corporations investor
relations website. 

(iii) Such stockholders notice to the Secretary shall set forth:

(A) as to each nominee such stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director at the meeting: (1) the name, age, business
address and residence address of such nominee, (2) the principal occupation or employment of such nominee, (3) (a) the class or series and number of shares of each class or series of capital stock of the corporation that are owned of record or
beneficially by such nominee, (b) any Derivative Instruments (as defined below) held or beneficially owned by such person, including the full notional amount of any securities that, directly or indirectly, underlie any Derivative Instrument and
(c) any other agreement, arrangement or understanding that has been made the effect or intent of which is to create or mitigate loss to, manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of such person
with respect to the corporations securities, (4) the date or dates on which shares of capital stock of the corporation were acquired by such nominee and the investment intent of such acquisition and (5) all other information
concerning such nominee as would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement soliciting proxies for the election of such nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved and whether or not proxies are
being or will be solicited), or that is otherwise required to be disclosed pursuant to Section 14 of the 1934 Act, (6) such persons written consent to being named as a nominee of such stockholder, to being named in the
corporations proxy statement and form of proxy pursuant to Rule 14a-19 under the 1934 Act (Rule 14a-19) and to serving as a director if
elected, (7) any direct or indirect compensatory, payment, indemnification or other financial agreement, arrangement or understanding that such person has, or has had within the past three years, with any person or entity other than the
corporation (including, without limitation, the amount of any payment or payments received or receivable thereunder), in each case in connection with candidacy or service as a director of the corporation (such agreement, arrangement or
understanding, a Third-Party Compensation Arrangement) and (8) a description of any other material relationships between such person and such persons respective affiliates and associates, or others with whom such
person is acting in concert, on the one hand, and such stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, and their respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert with them, on
the other hand, including, without limitation, all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 under Regulation S-K if such stockholder, beneficial owner, affiliate or associate
were the registrant for purposes of such rule and such person were a director or executive officer of such registrant;

(B) as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual
meeting: (1) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting, (2) the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and, if applicable, the text of
any proposed amendment to these Bylaws), (3) the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (4) any material interest in such business of such stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the
proposal is made, and their respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert with them and (5) all agreements, arrangements and understandings between such stockholder, the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal
is made, and their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder; and 

(C) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made:
(1) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the corporations books, of such beneficial owner, and of their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them, (2) the class or series and
number of shares of stock of the corporation that are, directly or indirectly, held of record or owned beneficially by such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them and the
date or dates on which such shares were acquired and the investment intent of such acquisition, (3) any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether oral or in writing) between such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective
affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them with respect to such nomination or proposal, (4) any (a) agreement, arrangement or understanding (including, without limitation and regardless of the form of settlement, any
derivative, long or short positions, profit interests, forwards, futures, swaps, options, warrants, convertible securities, stock appreciation or similar rights, hedging transactions and borrowed or loaned shares) that has been entered into by or on
behalf of such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them with respect to the corporations securities (any of the foregoing, a Derivative
Instrument) including the full notional amount of any securities that, directly or indirectly, underlie any Derivative Instrument; and (b) other agreement, arrangement or understanding that has been made the effect or intent of
which is to create or mitigate loss to, manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of, such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert
with them with respect to the corporations securities, (5) any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship pursuant to which such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others
acting in concert with them has a right to vote any shares of any security of the corporation, (6) any rights to dividends on the corporations securities owned beneficially by such stockholder, such beneficial owner or
their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them that are separated or separable from the underlying security, (7) any proportionate interest in the corporations securities or Derivative Instruments
held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them is a general partner or, directly or indirectly,
beneficially owns an interest in a general partner of such general or limited partnership, (8) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or
associates or others acting in concert with them is entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of the corporations securities or Derivative 

Instruments, including, without limitation, any such interests held by members of the immediate family of such persons sharing the same household, (9) any significant equity interests or any
significant Derivative Instruments in any principal competitor (as defined below) of the corporation that are held by such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them,
(10) any direct or indirect interest of such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them in any contract with the corporation, any affiliate of the corporation or any
principal competitor of the corporation (in each case, including, without limitation, any employment agreement, collective bargaining agreement or consulting agreement), (11) any material pending or threatened legal proceeding in which such
stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them is a party or material participant involving the corporation or any of its officers, directors or affiliates, (12) any
material relationship between such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them, on the one hand, and the corporation or any of its officers, directors or affiliates, on the
other hand, (13) a representation and undertaking that the stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the corporation as of the date of submission of the stockholders notice and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual
meeting to bring such nomination or other business before the annual meeting, (14) a representation and undertaking as to whether such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert
with them intends, or is part of a group that intends, to (a) deliver a proxy statement or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the voting power of the corporations then-outstanding stock required to elect such nominee
or nominees or to approve or adopt the proposal (which representation and undertaking must include a statement as to whether such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them
intends to solicit the requisite percentage of the voting power of the corporations stock under Rule 14a-19) or (b) otherwise solicit proxies from stockholders in support of such proposal or
nomination, (15) any other information relating to such stockholder, such beneficial owner or their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them, or director nominee or proposed business, that, in each case, would
be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies in support of such nominee (in a contested election of directors) or proposal pursuant to Section 14 of the 1934
Act, and (16) such other information relating to any proposed item of business as the corporation may reasonably require to determine whether such proposed item of business is a proper matter for stockholder action. For purposes of this
Section 5, principal competitor shall mean any entity that develops or provides products or services that compete with or are alternatives to the principal products developed or produced or services provided by the
corporation or its affiliates. 

(iv) In addition to the requirements of this Section 5, to be timely, a stockholders
notice (and any additional information submitted to the corporation in connection therewith) must be further updated and supplemented (1) if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice is true and
correct as of the record date(s) for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the annual meeting and as of the date that is 10 Business Days (as defined below) prior to the annual meeting or any adjournment, rescheduling,
postponement or other delay thereof, and (2) to provide any additional information that the corporation may reasonably request. Any such update and supplement or additional information (including, if requested pursuant to
Section 5(a)(iii)(C)(16)) shall be received by the 

Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation (A) in the case of a request for additional information, promptly following a request therefor, which response must be
received by the Secretary not later than such reasonable time as is specified in any such request from the corporation, or (B) in the case of any other update or supplement of any information, not later than five Business Days after the latest
record date for the annual meeting (in the case of any update and supplement required to be made as of the record date(s)), and not later than eight Business Days prior to the date for the meeting or any adjournment, rescheduling, postponement or
other delay thereof (in the case of any update or supplement required to be made as of 10 Business Days prior to the annual meeting or any adjournment, rescheduling, postponement or other delay thereof). No later than five Business Days prior to the
annual meeting or any adjournment, rescheduling, postponement or other delay thereof, a stockholder nominating individuals for election as a director will provide the corporation with reasonable evidence that such stockholder has met the
requirements of Rule 14a-19. The failure to timely provide such update, supplement, evidence or additional information shall result in the nomination or proposal no longer being eligible for consideration at
the annual meeting. If the stockholder fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 (including because the stockholder fails to provide the corporation with all information or notices required by Rule 14a-19), then the director nominees proposed by such stockholder shall be ineligible for election at the annual meeting and any votes or proxies in respect of such nomination shall be disregarded, notwithstanding
that such proxies may have been received by the corporation and counted for the purposes of determining a quorum. For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation to update and supplement, or provide additional information or evidence, as set forth in
these Bylaws shall not limit the corporations rights with respect to any deficiencies in any notice provided by a stockholder, extend any applicable deadlines pursuant to these Bylaws or enable or be deemed to permit a stockholder who has
previously submitted notice pursuant to these Bylaws to amend or update any nomination or to submit any new nomination. No disclosure pursuant to these Bylaws will be required with respect to the ordinary course business activities of any broker,
dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee who is the stockholder submitting a notice pursuant to this Section 5 solely because such broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee has been directed to prepare and
submit the notice required by these Bylaws on behalf of a beneficial owner. Business Day shall mean any day other than Saturday, Sunday or a day on which banks are closed in New York City, New York. 

(b)Special Meetings of Stockholders. Except to the extent required by the DGCL, and subject to Section 6(a), special meetings of
stockholders may be called only in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation and these Bylaws. Only such business will be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as has been brought before the special meeting pursuant to the
corporations notice of meeting. If the election of directors is included as business to be brought before a special meeting in the corporations notice of meeting, then nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors at such
special meeting may be made by any stockholder who (i) is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of the notice contemplated by this Section 5(b), (ii) is a stockholder of record on the record date for the determination of
stockholders entitled to notice of the special meeting, (iii) is a stockholder of record on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting, (iv) is a stockholder of record at the time of the
special meeting, and (v) complies with the procedures set forth in this Section 5(b). For nominations to be properly brought by a stockholder before a special meeting pursuant to this Section 5(b), the stockholders notice must
be received by the Secretary at the 

principal executive offices of the corporation no earlier than 8:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on the 120th day prior to the day of the special meeting and no later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the
later of the 90th day prior to the day of such special meeting and the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the special meeting was first made. In no event will any adjournment, rescheduling, postponement or other
delay of a special meeting or any announcement thereof commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above. In no event may a stockholder provide notice with respect to a greater
number of director candidates than there are director seats subject to election by stockholders at the special meeting. A stockholders notice to the Secretary must comply with the applicable notice requirements of Section 5(a)(iii) and
Section 5(a)(iv), with references therein to annual meeting deemed to mean special meeting for the purposes of this final sentence of this Section 5(b).

(c) Other Requirements and Procedures.

(i) To be eligible to be a nominee of any stockholder for election as a director of the corporation, the proposed nominee must provide
to the Secretary, in accordance with the applicable time periods prescribed for delivery of notice under Section 5(a)(ii) or Section 5(b): (1) a signed and completed written questionnaire (in the form provided by the Secretary at the
written request of the nominating stockholder, which form will be provided by the Secretary within 10 days of receiving such request) containing information regarding such nominees background and qualifications and such other information as
may reasonably be required by the corporation to determine the eligibility of such nominee to serve as a director of the corporation or to serve as an independent director of the corporation, (2) a written representation and undertaking that,
unless previously disclosed to the corporation, such nominee is not, and will not become, a party to any voting agreement, arrangement, commitment, assurance or understanding with any person or entity as to how such nominee, if elected as a
director, will vote on any issue, (3) a written representation and undertaking that, unless previously disclosed to the corporation, such nominee is not, and will not become, a party to any Third-Party Compensation Arrangement, (4) a
written representation and undertaking that, if elected as a director, such nominee would be in compliance, and will continue to comply, with the corporations corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality, stock ownership and
trading guidelines, and other policies and guidelines applicable to directors and in effect during such persons term in office as a director (and, if requested by any candidate for nomination, the Secretary will provide to such proposed
nominee all such policies and guidelines then in effect), and (5) a written representation and undertaking that such nominee, if elected, intends to serve a full term on the Board of Directors. 

(ii) At the request of the Board of Directors, any person nominated by the Board of Directors for election as a director must furnish
to the Secretary the information that is required to be set forth in a stockholders notice of nomination pertaining to such nominee. 

(iii) A person shall not be eligible to be nominated by a stockholder for election or
re-election as a director, or be seated as a director, unless the person is nominated and elected in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 5. Only such business shall be conducted at
any meeting of the stockholders of the corporation as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 5.

(iv) Except as otherwise required by applicable law, the chairperson of the meeting
shall have the power and duty to determine and declare whether a nomination or any other business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made, or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws. If
the chairperson of the meeting should so determine that any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance with these Bylaws, then the chairperson of the meeting will so declare to the meeting that such proposal or nomination shall not be
presented for stockholder action at the meeting and shall be disregarded, or that such business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such nomination or such business may have been solicited or received and counted for
purposes of determining a quorum.

(v) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5, unless otherwise required by
law, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear in person at the meeting to present a nomination or other proposed business, such nomination shall be disregarded or such proposed business shall not be
transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such nomination or such business may have been received by the corporation and counted for purposes of determining a quorum. For purposes of this Section 5, to be considered a qualified
representative of the stockholder, a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such stockholder or must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act
for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders.

(vi) Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 5, a stockholder must also comply with all applicable requirements
of the 1934 Act with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 5, it being understood that any references in these Bylaws to the 1934 Act are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements applicable to proposals and/or
nominations to be considered pursuant to Section 5 of these Bylaws, and compliance with clause (iii) of Section 5(a)(i) and with Section 5(b) are the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations or submit other business
(other than as provided in Section 5(c)(vii)).

(vii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5, the
notice requirements set forth in these Bylaws with respect to the proposal of any business pursuant to this Section 5 will be deemed to be satisfied by a stockholder if (1) such stockholder has submitted a proposal to the corporation in
compliance with Rule 14a-8 under the 1934 Act; and (2) such stockholders proposal has been included in a proxy statement that has been prepared by the corporation to solicit proxies for the meeting
of stockholders. Subject to Rule 14a-8 and other applicable rules and regulations under the 1934 Act, nothing in these Bylaws will be construed to permit any stockholder, or give any stockholder the
right, to include or have disseminated or described in the corporations proxy statement any nomination of a director or any other business proposal. 

Section 6. Special Meetings.

(a) Special meetings of the stockholders of the corporation, other than as required by statute, may be called, for any purpose as is a proper matter for
stockholder action under Delaware law, by (i) the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, (ii) the Chief Executive Officer, or (iii) the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of
authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies or other unfilled seats in previously authorized directorships at the time any such resolution is presented to the Board of Directors for adoption), but a special meeting may not be
called by any other person or persons and any power of stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders is specifically denied. The Board of Directors may postpone, reschedule or cancel any special meeting of stockholders at any time, before
or after the notice for such meeting has been given to the stockholders.

Section 7. Notice of Meetings. Except as
otherwise provided by applicable law, notice of each meeting of stockholders shall be given not less than ten nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting as of the record date for
determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting. Such notice shall be given in accordance with Section 232 of the DGCL and shall specify the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, in the case of special meetings, the
purpose or purposes of the meeting, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, if such record date is different from the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting, and the means of
remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at any such meeting. Notice of the time, place, if any, and purpose of any meeting of stockholders (to the extent required) may be
waived in writing, signed by the person entitled to notice thereof, or by electronic transmission by such person, either before or after such meeting, and will be waived by any stockholder by such stockholders attendance thereat in person, by
remote communication, if applicable, or by proxy, except when the stockholder attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or
convened. Any stockholder so waiving notice of such meeting shall be bound by the proceedings of any such meeting in all respects as if due notice thereof had been given.

Section 8. Quorum and Vote Required. At all meetings of stockholders, except where otherwise required by statute or by
the Certificate of Incorporation, or by these Bylaws, or by applicable stock exchange rules, the presence, in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or by proxy, of the holders of one-third of the
voting power of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote at the meeting shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. In the absence of a quorum, any meeting of stockholders may be adjourned, from time to time, either by the
chairperson of the meeting or by vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares present in person or represented by proxy thereat and entitled to vote at the meeting, but no other business shall be transacted at such meeting.
The stockholders present at a duly called or convened meeting, at which a quorum is present, may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum.

Except as otherwise provided by statute or by applicable stock exchange rules, or by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, in all matters other
than the election of directors, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares cast affirmatively or negatively on such matter shall be the act of the stockholders (it being understood that abstentions and broker
non-votes will be considered for the purposes of establishing quorum at the meeting but will not be considered as votes cast for or against a proposal). Except as otherwise required by statute, the Certificate
of Incorporation or these Bylaws, directors shall be elected by a plurality of the voting power of the shares present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote generally on the
election of directors.

Where a separate vote by a class or classes or series is required, except where otherwise required by
statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws or any applicable stock exchange rules, the holders of one-third of the voting power of the outstanding shares of such class or classes or series,
present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on that matter. Except where otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of
Incorporation or these Bylaws or any applicable stock exchange rules, where a separate vote by a class or classes or series is required, in all matters other than the election of directors, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
voting power of the shares of such class or classes or series cast affirmatively or negatively on that matter and entitled to vote on such matter shall be the act of such class or classes or series (it being understood that abstentions and broker non-votes will not be considered as votes cast for or against a proposal).

Section 9. Adjournment and Notice of Adjourned Meetings. Any meeting of stockholders, whether annual or special, may be
adjourned from time to time, whether or not a quorum is present, by the chairperson of the meeting. When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, if any (including an adjournment taken to address a technical failure to convene or continue a
meeting using remote communication), notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place, if any, thereof and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed present in person and
may vote at such meeting are (i) announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, (ii) displayed, during the time scheduled for the meeting, on the same electronic network used to enable stockholders and proxy holders to
participate in the meeting by means of remote communication or (iii) set forth in the notice of meeting given in accordance with Section 222(a) of the DGCL. At the adjourned meeting, the corporation may transact any business that might
have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment a new record date for
determination of stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board of Directors shall fix a new record date for notice of such adjourned meeting in accordance with Section 213(a) of the DGCL and Section 40 of
these Bylaws, and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such adjourned meeting as of the record date for notice of such adjourned meeting.

Section 10. Voting Rights. For the purpose of determining those stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of the
stockholders or adjournment thereof, except as otherwise provided by applicable law, only persons in whose names shares stand on the stock records of the corporation on the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting
shall be entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders. Every person entitled to vote shall have the right to do so either in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or by an agent or agents authorized by a proxy granted in accordance with
Delaware law. An agent so appointed need not be a stockholder. No proxy shall be voted after three years from its date of creation unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and
if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. A stockholder may revoke any proxy that is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting in person or by delivering to the Secretary of
the corporation a revocation of the proxy or a new proxy bearing a later date. Voting at meetings of stockholders need not be by written ballot.

Section 11. Joint Owners of Stock. If shares or other securities
having voting power stand of record in the names of two or more persons, whether fiduciaries, members of a partnership, joint tenants, tenants in common, tenants by the entirety, or otherwise, or if two or more persons have the same fiduciary
relationship respecting the same shares, unless the Secretary is given written notice to the contrary and is furnished with a copy of the instrument or order appointing them or creating the relationship wherein it is so provided, their acts with
respect to voting shall have the following effect: (a) if only one votes, such persons act binds all; (b) if more than one votes, the act of the majority so voting binds all; (c) if more than one votes, but the vote is evenly
split on any particular matter, each faction may vote the securities in question proportionally, or may apply to the Delaware Court of Chancery for relief as provided in Section 217(b) of the DGCL. If the instrument filed with the Secretary
shows that any such tenancy is held in unequal interests, a majority or even-split for the purpose of clause (c) of the preceding sentence shall be a majority or even-split in interest.

Section 12. List of Stockholders. The corporation shall prepare, no later than the tenth day before each meeting of
stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at said meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder; provided, however,
if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than ten days before the meeting date, the list shall reflect all of the stockholders entitled to vote as of the tenth day before the meeting date. Such list shall be open
to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of ten days ending on the day before the meeting date, (a) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain
access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (b) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the corporation. In the event that the corporation determines to make the list available on an
electronic network, the corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the corporation.

Section 13. Action without Meeting. 

Subject to the
rights of holders of any series of preferred stock then outstanding, no action shall be taken by the stockholders of the corporation except at an annual or special meeting of stockholders duly called in accordance with these Bylaws and no action
shall be taken by the stockholders by written consent.

Section 14. Remote Communication. 

For the purposes of these Bylaws, if authorized by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion, and subject to such guidelines and procedures as the Board
of Directors may adopt, stockholders and proxyholders not physically present at a meeting of stockholders may, by means of remote communication:

(i)
participate in a meeting of stockholders; and

(ii) be deemed present in person and vote at a meeting of stockholders whether such meeting is to be
held at a designated place or solely by means of remote communication, provided that (1) the corporation shall implement reasonable measures to verify that each person deemed present and permitted to vote at the meeting by means of remote
communication is a stockholder or proxyholder, (2) the corporation shall implement reasonable measures to provide such stockholders and proxyholders a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the
stockholders, including an opportunity to read or hear the proceedings of the meeting substantially concurrently with such proceedings, and (3) if any stockholder or proxyholder votes or takes other action at the meeting by means of remote
communication, a record of such vote or other action shall be maintained by the corporation.

Section 15. Organization. 

(a) At every meeting of stockholders, a chairperson of the meeting designated by the Board of Directors, or, if the Board of Directors does not
designate such chairperson or such person is absent or refuses to act, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, or, if the Chairperson of the Board of Directors has not been appointed, is absent or refuses to act, the Chief Executive Officer, or
if no Chief Executive Officer is then serving or the Chief Executive Officer is absent or refuses to act, the President, or, if the President is absent or refuses to act, any other executive officer of the corporation shall act as chairperson of the
meeting of stockholders. The Secretary, or, in the Secretarys absence, an Assistant Secretary or other officer or other person directed to do so by the chairperson of the meeting, shall act as secretary of the meeting.

(b) The Board of Directors shall be entitled to make such rules or regulations for the conduct of meetings of stockholders as it shall deem necessary,
appropriate or convenient. Subject to such rules and regulations of the Board of Directors, if any, the chairperson of the meeting shall have the right and authority to convene and (for any or no reason) to recess and/or adjourn the meeting, to
prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairperson, are necessary, appropriate or convenient for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, establishing an agenda
or order of business for the meeting, rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present, limitations on participation in such meeting to stockholders of record of the corporation and their duly authorized and
constituted proxies and such other persons as the chairperson shall permit, restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof, limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants and
regulation of the opening and closing of the polls for balloting on matters that are to be voted on by ballot. The date and time of the opening and closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at the meeting shall
be announced at the meeting. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board of Directors or the chairperson of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with rules of parliamentary procedure.

ARTICLE IV

DIRECTORS

Section 16. Number and Term of Office. The authorized number of directors of the corporation shall be fixed in
accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation. Directors need not be stockholders unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation.

Section 17. Powers. The business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board
of Directors, except as may be otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation or the DGCL.

Section 18. Terms of
Directors. The terms of directors shall be as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation.

Section 19. Vacancies.
Vacancies and newly created directorships on the Board of Directors shall be filled as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation.

Section 20. Resignation. Any director may resign at any time by delivering such directors notice in writing or by
electronic transmission to the Board of Directors or the Secretary. Such resignation shall take effect at the time of delivery of the notice or at any later time or upon the happening of an event or events specified therein. Unless otherwise
specified in the notice of resignation, acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. When one or more directors shall resign from the Board of Directors, effective at a future date, a majority of the directors then in
office, including those who have so resigned, shall have power to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon to take effect when such resignation or resignations shall become effective, and each director so chosen shall hold office for the
unexpired portion of the term of the director whose place shall be vacated and until such directors successor shall have been duly elected and qualified or until such directors earlier death, resignation or removal.

Section 21. Removal. Directors shall be removed as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation and under applicable
law.

Section 22. Meetings. 

(a) Regular Meetings. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be
held at any time or date and at any place, if any, within or without the State of Delaware that has been designated by the Board of Directors and publicized among all directors, either orally or in writing, by telephone, including a voice-messaging
system or other system designed to record and communicate messages, or by electronic mail or other electronic transmission (as defined in Section 232 of the DGCL). No further notice shall be required for regular meetings of the Board of
Directors.

(b) Special Meetings. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, special meetings of the Board of
Directors may be held at any time and place, if any, within or without the State of Delaware as designated and called by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or a majority of the total number of authorized directors
(whether or not there exist any vacancies or other unfilled seats in previously authorized directorships).

(c) Meetings by
Electronic Communications Equipment. Any member of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating
in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting by such means shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.

(d) Notice of Special Meetings. Notice of the time and place, if any, of all special
meetings of the Board of Directors shall be transmitted orally or in writing, by telephone, including a voice messaging system or other system or technology designed to record and communicate messages, or electronic mail or otherwise given by
electronic transmission (as defined in Section 232 of the DGCL), during normal business hours, at least 24 hours before the date and time of the meeting. If notice is sent by U.S. mail, it shall be sent by first class mail, postage prepaid, at
least three days before the date of the meeting. The person(s) authorized to call a special meeting of the Board of Directors may authorize another person or persons to send notice of such meeting. 

(e) Waiver of Notice. Notice of any meeting of the Board of Directors may be waived in writing, or by electronic transmission, at any time
before or after the meeting and will be waived by any director by attendance thereat, except when the director attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the
meeting is not lawfully called or convened. The transaction of all business at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or any committee thereof, however called or noticed, or wherever held, shall be as valid as though it had been transacted at a
meeting duly held after regular call and notice, if a quorum be present and if, either before or after the meeting, each of the directors not present who did not receive notice shall sign a written waiver of notice or shall waive notice by
electronic transmission. All such waivers shall be filed with the corporate records or made a part of the minutes of the meeting.

Section 23.
Quorum and Voting. 

(a) Unless the Certificate of Incorporation requires a greater number, and except with respect to questions related to
indemnification arising under Section 47 for which a quorum shall be one-third of the authorized number of directors fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors in accordance with the Certificate of
Incorporation, a quorum of the Board of Directors shall consist of a majority of the total number of directors then serving on the Board of Directors or, if greater, one-third of the authorized number of
directors fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation. At any meeting whether a quorum be present or otherwise, a majority of the directors present may adjourn from time to time, without
notice other than by announcement at the meeting.

(b) At each meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present, all questions and
business shall be determined by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present, unless a different vote be required by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.

Section 24. Action without Meeting. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any
action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by
electronic transmission. Such a consent may be documented, signed and delivered in any manner permitted by Section 116 of the DGCL. Any person (whether or not then a director) may provide, whether through instruction to an agent or otherwise,
that a consent to action will be 

effective at a future time (including a time determined upon the happening of an event), no later than 60 days after such instruction is given or such provision is made and such consent shall be
deemed to have been given for purposes of this Section 24 at such effective time so long as such person is then a director and did not revoke the consent prior to such time. Such consent or consents shall be filed with the minutes of
proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.

Section 25. Fees and Compensation. Directors shall be entitled to such compensation for their services on the Board of
Directors or any committee thereof as may be approved by the Board of Directors, or a committee thereof to which the Board of Directors has delegated such responsibility and authority, including, if so approved, by resolution of the Board of
Directors or a committee thereof to which the Board of Directors has delegated such responsibility and authority, including, without limitation, a fixed sum and reimbursement of expenses incurred, if any, for attendance at each regular or special
meeting of the Board of Directors and at any meeting of a committee of the Board of Directors, as well as reimbursement for other reasonable expenses incurred with respect to duties as a member of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof.
Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any director from serving the corporation in any other capacity as an officer, agent, employee, or otherwise and receiving compensation therefor.

Section 26. Committees. 

(a) Executive Committee. The Board of Directors may appoint an Executive Committee to consist of one or more members of the Board of
Directors. The Executive Committee, to the extent permitted by applicable law and provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the
business and affairs of the corporation, and may authorize the seal of the corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to (i) approving or adopting, or
recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors) expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval, or (ii) adopting, amending or repealing any Bylaw of the
corporation.

(b) Other Committees. The Board of Directors may, from time to time, appoint such other committees as may be permitted by applicable
law. Such other committees appointed by the Board of Directors shall consist of one or more members of the Board of Directors and shall have such powers and perform such duties as may be prescribed by the resolution or resolutions creating such
committees, but in no event shall any such committee have the powers denied to the Executive Committee in these Bylaws.

(c) Term. The
Board of Directors, subject to any requirements of any outstanding series of preferred stock and the provisions of subsections (a) or (b) of this Section 26, may at any time increase or decrease the number of members of a committee or
terminate the existence of a committee. The membership of a committee member shall terminate on the date of such members death, removal or voluntary resignation from the committee or from the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may at
any time for any reason remove any individual 

committee member and the Board of Directors may fill any committee vacancy created by death, resignation, removal or increase in the number of members of the committee. The Board of Directors may
designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee, and, in addition, in the absence or disqualification of any member of a committee, the member
or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such
absent or disqualified member.

(d) Meetings. Unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise provide, regular meetings of the Executive
Committee or any other committee appointed pursuant to this Section 26 shall be held at such times and places, if any, as are determined by the Board of Directors, or by any such committee, and when notice thereof has been given to each member
of such committee, no further notice of such regular meetings need be given thereafter. Special meetings of any such committee may be held at such place, if any, that has been determined from time to time by such committee, and may be called by any
director who is a member of such committee, upon notice to the members of such committee of the time and place, if any, of such special meeting given in the manner provided for the giving of notice to members of the Board of Directors of special
meetings of the Board of Directors. Notice of any meeting of any committee may be waived in writing or by electronic transmission at any time before or after the meeting and will be waived by any director by attendance thereat, except when the
director attends such meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors in
the resolutions authorizing the creation of the committee, a majority of the authorized number of members of any such committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the act of a majority of those present at any meeting at
which a quorum is present shall be the act of such committee.

(e) Subcommittees. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation,
these Bylaws or the resolutions of the Board of Directors designating the committee, a committee may create one or more subcommittees, each subcommittee to consist of one or more members of the committee, and delegate to a subcommittee any or all of
the powers and authority of the committee. 

Section 27. Duties of Chairperson of the Board of Directors. The
Chairperson of the Board of Directors, when present, shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors. The Chairperson of the Board of Directors shall perform such other duties customarily associated with the office and shall also
perform such other duties and have such other powers, as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time.

Section 28. Lead Independent Director. The Chairperson of the Board of Directors, or if the Chairperson is not an
independent director, one of the independent directors, may be designated by the Board of Directors as lead independent director to serve until replaced by the Board of Directors (Lead Independent Director). The Lead
Independent Director will preside over meetings of the independent directors and perform such other duties as may be established or delegated by the Board of Directors and perform such other duties as may be established or delegated by the
Chairperson of the Board of Directors.

Section 29. Organization. At every meeting of the directors, the
Chairperson of the Board of Directors, or, if a Chairperson has not been appointed or is absent, the Lead Independent Director, or if the Lead Independent Director has not been appointed or is absent, the Chief Executive Officer (if a director), or,
if a Chief Executive Officer is absent, the President (if a director), or if the President is absent, the most senior Vice President (if a director), or, in the absence of any such person, a chairperson of the meeting chosen by a majority of the
directors present, shall preside over the meeting. The Secretary, or in the Secretarys absence, any Assistant Secretary or other officer, director or other person directed to do so by the person presiding over the meeting, shall act as
secretary of the meeting.

ARTICLE V

OFFICERS

Section 30. Officers Designated. The officers of the corporation shall include, if and when designated by the Board of
Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, one or more Vice Presidents, the Secretary, the Chief Financial Officer and the Treasurer. The Board of Directors may also appoint one or more Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers and
such other officers and agents with such powers and duties as it shall deem appropriate or necessary. The Board of Directors may assign such additional titles to one or more of the officers as it shall deem appropriate. The Board of Directors may
also empower any officer to appoint any other officers as the business of the corporation may require to hold office for such period, have such authority, and perform such duties as are provided in these Bylaws or as determined from time to time by
the Board of Directors or, for the avoidance of doubt, any duly authorized committee or by any officer who has been conferred such power of determination. Any one person may hold any number of offices of the corporation at any one time unless
specifically prohibited therefrom by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws. The salaries and other compensation of the officers of the corporation shall be fixed by or in the manner designated by the Board of Directors or
by a committee thereof to which the Board of Directors has delegated such responsibility or by any officer who has been conferred such power of determination.

Section 31. Tenure and Duties of Officers. 

(a) General. All officers shall hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and until their successors shall have been duly
elected and qualified, unless sooner removed, subject to such officers earlier death or resignation. If the office of any officer becomes vacant for any reason, the vacancy may be filled by the Board of Directors or by a committee thereof
to which the Board of Directors has delegated such responsibility or, if so authorized by the Board of Directors, by the Chief Executive Officer or another officer of the corporation.

(b) Duties of Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall be the chief executive officer of the corporation and, subject to
the supervision, direction and control of the Board of Directors, shall have the general powers and duties of supervision, direction, management and control of the business and officers of the corporation as are customarily associated with the
position of Chief Executive Officer. To the extent that a Chief Executive Officer has been appointed and no President has been appointed, all references in these Bylaws to the President shall be deemed references to the Chief Executive Officer. The
Chief Executive Officer shall perform other duties customarily associated with the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers, as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time.

(c) Duties of President. Unless another officer has been appointed Chief Executive
Officer of the corporation, the President shall be the chief executive officer of the corporation and, subject to the supervision, direction and control of the Board of Directors, shall have the general powers and duties of supervision, direction,
management and control of the business and officers of the corporation as are customarily associated with the position of President. The President shall perform other duties customarily associated with the office and shall also perform such other
duties and have such other powers, as the Board of Directors (or the Chief Executive Officer, if the Chief Executive Officer and President are not the same person and the Board of Directors has delegated the designation of the Presidents
duties to the Chief Executive Officer) shall designate from time to time.

(d) Duties of Vice Presidents. A Vice President may assume
and perform the duties of the President in the absence or disability of the President or whenever the office of President is vacant (unless the duties of the President are being filled by the Chief Executive Officer). A Vice President shall perform
other duties customarily associated with the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, or, if the Chief Executive Officer has not been appointed or is absent,
the President shall designate from time to time.

(e) Duties of Secretary and Assistant Secretary. The Secretary shall attend all
meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors and shall record all acts, votes and proceedings thereof in the minute books of the corporation. The Secretary shall give notice in conformity with these Bylaws of all meetings of the
stockholders and of all meetings of the Board of Directors and any committee thereof requiring notice. The Secretary shall perform all other duties provided for in these Bylaws and other duties customarily associated with the office and shall also
perform such other duties and have such other powers, as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, or if no Chief Executive Officer is then serving, the President shall designate from time to time. The Chief Executive Officer, or if no
Chief Executive Officer is then serving, the President may direct any Assistant Secretary or other officer to assume and perform the duties of the Secretary in the absence or disability of the Secretary, and each Assistant Secretary shall perform
other duties customarily associated with the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, or if no Chief Executive Officer is then serving, the President
shall designate from time to time.

(f) Duties of Chief Financial Officer. The Chief Financial Officer shall keep or cause to be kept
the books of account of the corporation in a thorough and proper manner and shall render statements of the financial affairs of the corporation in such form and as often as required by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, or the
President. The Chief Financial Officer, subject to the order of the Board of Directors, shall have the custody of all funds and securities of the corporation. The Chief Financial Officer shall perform other duties customarily associated with the
office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, or if no Chief Executive Officer is then serving, the President shall designate from time to time. To the extent
that a Chief Financial Officer has been appointed and no Treasurer has been appointed, all references in these Bylaws to the Treasurer shall be deemed references to the Chief Financial Officer.

(g) Duties of Treasurer and Assistant Treasurer. Unless another officer has been
appointed Chief Financial Officer of the corporation, the Treasurer shall be the chief financial officer of the corporation. The Treasurer shall perform other duties customarily associated with the office and shall also perform such other duties and
have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, or if no Chief Executive Officer is then serving, the President shall designate from time to time. The Chief Executive Officer, or if no Chief Executive Officer is then
serving, the President may direct any Assistant Treasurer or other officer to assume and perform the duties of the Treasurer in the absence or disability of the Treasurer, and each Assistant Treasurer shall perform other duties commonly incident to
the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, or if no Chief Executive Officer is then serving, the President shall designate from time to time.

Section 32. Delegation of Authority. The Board of Directors may from time to time delegate the powers or duties of any
officer to any other officer or agent, notwithstanding any provision hereof.

Section 33. Resignations. Any officer
may resign at any time by giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the Board of Directors, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary. Any such resignation shall be
effective when received by the person or persons to whom such notice is given, unless a later time is specified therein, in which event the resignation shall become effective at such later time. Unless otherwise specified in such notice, the
acceptance of any such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation shall be without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the corporation under any contract with the resigning officer.

Section 34. Removal. Any officer may be removed from office at any time, either with or without cause, by the Board of
Directors, or by any duly authorized committee thereof or any officer upon whom such power of removal may have been conferred by the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE VI

EXECUTION OF
CORPORATE INSTRUMENTS AND VOTING OF SECURITIES OWNED BY THE CORPORATION

Section 35. Execution of Corporate
Instruments. The Board of Directors may, in its discretion, determine the method and designate the signatory officer or officers, or other person or persons, to execute, sign or endorse on behalf of the corporation any corporate instrument or
document, or to sign on behalf of the corporation the corporate name without limitation, or to enter into contracts on behalf of the corporation, except where otherwise provided by applicable law or these Bylaws, and such execution or signature
shall be binding upon the corporation.

All checks and drafts drawn on banks or other depositaries on funds to the credit of the corporation or in special
accounts of the corporation shall be signed by such person or persons as the Board of Directors shall from time to time authorize so to do.

Unless otherwise specifically determined by the Board of Directors or otherwise required by applicable law,
the execution, signing or endorsement of any corporate instrument or document by or on behalf of the corporation may be effected manually, by facsimile or (to the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to such policies and procedures as the
corporation may have in effect from time to time) by electronic signature.

Unless authorized or ratified by the Board of Directors or within the agency
power of an officer, agent or employee, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount.

Section 36. Voting of Securities Owned by the Corporation. All stock and other securities of, or interests in, or issued
by, other corporations or entities owned or held by the corporation for itself, or for other parties in any capacity, and all rights incident to any management authority conferred on the corporation in accordance with the governing documents of any
such corporation or entity, shall be voted, represented and exercised (including via written consent in lieu of meeting), and all proxies with respect thereto shall be executed, by the person authorized so to do by resolution of the Board of
Directors, or, in the absence of such authorization, by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, or any Vice President.

ARTICLE VII

SHARES OF
STOCK

Section 37. Form and Execution of Certificates. The shares of the corporation shall be represented by
certificates, or shall be uncertificated if so provided by resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors. Certificates for the shares of stock, if any, shall be in such form as is consistent with the Certificate of Incorporation
and applicable law. Every holder of stock in the corporation represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name of the corporation by any two officers of the corporation, certifying the number,
and the class or series, of shares owned by such holder in the corporation. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be facsimiles. In case any officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been
placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date
of issue.

Section 38. Lost Certificates. A new certificate or certificates shall be issued in place of any
certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen, or destroyed. The
corporation may require, as a condition precedent to the issuance of a new certificate or certificates, the owner of such lost, stolen, or destroyed certificate or certificates, or the owners legal representative, to agree to indemnify the
corporation in such manner as it shall require or to give the corporation a surety bond in such form and amount as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have
been lost, stolen, or destroyed.

Section 39. Transfers.

(a) Transfers of record of shares of stock of the corporation shall be made only upon its books by the holders thereof, in person or by attorney duly
authorized, and, subject to Section 38 of these Bylaws, in the case of stock represented by certificate, upon the surrender of a certificate or certificates for a like number of shares, properly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of
succession, assignation or authority to transfer.

(b) The corporation shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of
stockholders of any one or more classes or series of stock of the corporation to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the corporation of any one or more classes or series owned by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the
DGCL.

Section 40. Fixing Record Dates.

(a) In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the
Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall, subject to applicable law, not be more than 60
nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting. If the Board of Directors so fixes a record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders, such date shall also be the record date for determining the
stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting, unless the Board of Directors determines, at the time it fixes the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of such meeting, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting
shall be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at a meeting of
stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day immediately preceding the day on which notice is given, or if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of
stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders
entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to
vote in accordance with the provisions of Section 213 of the DGCL and this Section 40 at the adjourned meeting.

(b) In order that the
corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or
for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more
than 60 days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.

Section 41. Registered Stockholders. The corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person
registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends and notices, and to vote as such owner, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person
whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by Delaware law.

Section 42. Additional Powers of the Board. In addition to, and
without limiting, the powers set forth in these Bylaws, the Board of Directors shall have power and authority to make all such rules and regulations as it shall deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer, and registration of certificates for
shares of stock of the corporation, including the use of uncertificated shares of stock, subject to the provisions of the DGCL, other applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation and these Bylaws. The Board of Directors may appoint and remove
transfer agents and registrars of transfers, and may require all stock certificates to bear the signature of any such transfer agent and/or any such registrar of transfers.

ARTICLE VIII 

DIVIDENDS

Section 43. Declaration of Dividends. Dividends upon the capital stock of the corporation, subject to the provisions of
the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the capital stock, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and
applicable law.

Section 44. Dividend Reserve. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any
funds of the corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time, in its absolute discretion, determines proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for
repairing or maintaining any property of the corporation, or for such other purpose or purposes as the Board of Directors shall determine to be conducive to the interests of the corporation, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such
reserve in the manner in which it was created.

ARTICLE IX

FISCAL YEAR

Section 45. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE X 

INDEMNIFICATION

Section 46.
Indemnification of Directors, Executive Officers, Employees and Other Agents.

(a) Directors and Executive Officers. The corporation
shall indemnify to the full extent permitted under and in any manner permitted under the DGCL or any other applicable law, any person who is made or threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved (as a witness or otherwise) in any
threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative (hereinafter, a Proceeding), by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or executive
officer (for the purposes of this Article X, executive officers shall be those persons designated by the corporation as (a) executive officers for purposes of the disclosures required in the corporations proxy and periodic
reports or (b) officers for purposes of Section 16 of the 1934 Act) of the corporation, or while serving as a director or executive officer of the corporation, is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer,
employee, or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (collectively, Another Enterprise), against expenses (including
attorneys fees), judgments, fines (including ERISA excise taxes or penalties) and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such Proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner
such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such persons conduct was unlawful; provided,
however, that the corporation may modify the extent of such indemnification by individual contracts with its directors and executive officers; and, provided, further, that the corporation shall not be required to indemnify any director or
executive officer in connection with any Proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless (i) such indemnification is expressly required to be made by applicable law, (ii) the Proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the
Board of Directors, (iii) such indemnification is provided by the corporation, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the corporation under the DGCL or any other applicable law or (iv) such indemnification is required to
be made under subsection (d) of this Section 46.

(b) Other Officers, Employees and Other Agents. The corporation shall have
power to indemnify (including the power to advance expenses in a manner consistent with subsection (c) of this Section 46) its other officers, employees and other agents as set forth in the DGCL or any other applicable law. The Board of
Directors shall have the power to delegate the determination of whether indemnification shall be given to any such person except executive officers to such officers or other persons as the Board of Directors shall determine.

(c) Expenses. The corporation shall advance to any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened,
pending or completed Proceeding, by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or executive officer of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director or executive officer of Another
Enterprise, prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding, promptly following request therefor, all expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by any director or executive officer in connection with such Proceeding provided, however, that
if the DGCL requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by a director or executive officer in such persons capacity as a director or executive officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee,
including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the corporation of an undertaking (hereinafter an undertaking), by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all
amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter a final adjudication) that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified
for such expenses under this Section 46 or otherwise.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise determined pursuant to subsection (d) of this
Section 46, no advance shall be made by the corporation to an executive officer of the corporation (except by reason of the fact that such executive officer is or was a director of the corporation in which event this subsection shall not apply)
in any Proceeding, if a determination is reasonably and promptly made (i) by a majority vote of directors who are not parties to the Proceeding, even if less than a quorum, or (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by a majority
vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (iii) if there are no such directors, or such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, that the facts known to the decision-making party at the time such
determination is made demonstrate clearly and convincingly that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation.

(d) Enforcement. Without the necessity of entering into an express contract, all rights to indemnification and advances to directors and
executive officers under this Section 46 shall be deemed to be contractual rights, shall vest when the person becomes a director or executive officer of the corporation, shall continue as vested contract rights even if such person ceases to be
a director or executive officer of the corporation, and shall be effective to the same extent and as if provided for in a contract between the corporation and the director or executive officer. Any right to indemnification or advances granted by
this Section 46 to a director or executive officer shall be enforceable by or on behalf of the person holding such right in any court of competent jurisdiction if (i) the claim for indemnification or advances is denied, in whole or in
part, or (ii) no disposition of such claim is made within 90 days of request therefor. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the claimant in such enforcement action, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid
also the expense of prosecuting the claim. In connection with any claim for indemnification, the corporation shall be entitled to raise as a defense to any such action that the claimant has not met the standards of conduct that make it permissible
under the DGCL or any other applicable law for the corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed. In connection with any claim by an executive officer of the corporation (except in any Proceeding, by reason of the fact that such
executive officer is or was a director of the corporation) for advances, the corporation shall be entitled to raise a defense as to any such action clear and convincing evidence that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did
not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, or with respect to any criminal action or proceeding that such person acted without reasonable cause to believe that such persons conduct was lawful. Neither
the failure of the corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the
circumstances because the claimant has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL or any other applicable law, nor an actual determination by the corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its
stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct. In any suit brought by a director or executive
officer to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, the burden of proving that the director or executive officer is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Section 46
or otherwise shall be on the corporation.

(e) Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The rights
conferred on any person by this Section 46 shall not be exclusive of any other right that such person may have or hereafter acquire under any applicable statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, agreement, vote of
stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such persons official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding office. The corporation is specifically authorized to enter into individual contracts
with any or all of its directors, officers, employees or agents respecting indemnification and advances, to the fullest extent not prohibited by the DGCL, or by any other applicable law.

(f) Survival of Rights. The rights conferred on any person by this Bylaw shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or
executive officer or officer, employee or other agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.

(g) Insurance. To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL or any other applicable law, the corporation, upon approval by the Board of
Directors, may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person required or permitted to be indemnified pursuant to this Section 46.

(h) Amendments. Any repeal or modification of this Section 46 shall only be prospective and shall not affect the rights under this
Section 46 as in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that is the cause of any Proceeding against any agent of the corporation.

(i) Saving Clause. If this Article X or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then
the corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each director and executive officer to the full extent not prohibited by any applicable portion of this Article X that shall not have been invalidated, or by any other applicable law. If this Article X
shall be invalid due to the application of the indemnification provisions of another jurisdiction, then the corporation shall indemnify each director and executive officer to the full extent not prohibited under the applicable law of such
jurisdiction.

(j) Certain Definitions and Construction of Terms. For the purposes of Article X of these Bylaws, the following
definitions and rules of construction shall apply:

(i) References to Another Enterprise shall include employee benefit
plans; references to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to serving at the request of the corporation shall include
any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation that imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; and a
person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best
interests of the corporation as referred to in this Section 46.

(ii) The term the corporation shall
include, in addition to the resulting entity, any constituent entity (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger that, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify
its directors, officers, employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, 

employee or agent of such constituent entity, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent entity as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Section 46 with respect to the resulting or surviving entity as such person would have with respect to such constituent entity if its separate
existence had continued.

(iii) References to a director, executive officer,
officer, employee, or agent of the corporation shall include, without limitation, situations where such person is serving at the request of the corporation as,
respectively, a director, executive officer, officer, employee, trustee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise.

(iv) The term expenses shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, court costs, attorneys fees,
witness fees, fines, amounts paid in settlement or judgment and any other costs and expenses of any nature or kind actually and reasonably incurred in connection with any Proceeding.

(v) The term Proceeding shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, the investigation, preparation,
prosecution, defense, settlement, arbitration and appeal of, and the giving of testimony in, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative.

ARTICLE XI

NOTICES

Section 47.
Notices.

(a) Notice to Stockholders. Notice to stockholders of stockholder meetings shall be given as provided in Section 7.
Without limiting the manner by which notice may otherwise be given effectively to stockholders under any agreement or contract with such stockholder, and except as otherwise required by applicable law, written notice to stockholders for purposes
other than stockholder meetings may be sent by U.S. mail, nationally recognized overnight courier, or electronic mail or otherwise given by electronic transmission (as defined in Section 232 of the DGCL).

(b) Notice to Directors. Any notice required to be given to any director may be given by the method stated in subsection (a) of this
Section 47, as otherwise provided in these Bylaws (including by any of the means specified in Section 22(d)), or by overnight delivery service. Any notice sent by overnight delivery service or U.S. mail shall be sent to such address as
such director shall have filed with the Secretary, or, in the absence of such filing, to the last known post office address of such director.

(c) Affidavit of Notice. An affidavit of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or of the transfer agent or other agent of the corporation
that notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts therein contained.

(d) Methods of Notice. It shall not be necessary that the same method of giving notice be
employed in respect of all recipients of notice, but one permissible method may be employed in respect of any one or more, and any other permissible method or methods may be employed in respect of any other or others.

(e) Notice to Person with Whom Communication is Unlawful. Whenever notice is required to be given, under applicable law or any provision of
the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, to any person with whom communication is unlawful, the giving of such notice to such person shall not be required and there shall be no duty to apply to any governmental authority or agency for a
license or permit to give such notice to such person. Any action or meeting that shall be taken or held without notice to any such person with whom communication is unlawful shall have the same force and effect as if such notice had been duly given.
In the event that the action taken by the corporation is such as to require the filing of a certificate under any provision of the DGCL, the certificate shall state, if such is the fact and if notice is required, that notice was given to all persons
entitled to receive notice except such persons with whom communication is unlawful.

(f) Notice to Stockholders Sharing an Address.
Except as otherwise prohibited under the DGCL, any notice given under the provisions of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws shall be effective if given by a single written notice to stockholders who share an address if
consented to by the stockholders at that address to whom such notice is given. Such consent shall have been deemed to have been given if such stockholder fails to object in writing to the corporation within 60 days of having been given notice by the
corporation of its intention to send the single notice. Any consent shall be revocable by the stockholder by written notice to the corporation.

ARTICLE XII 

AMENDMENTS

Section 48. Amendments. Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 46(h) and the provisions of the Certificate
of Incorporation, the Board of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal these Bylaws of the corporation. Any adoption, amendment or repeal of these Bylaws of the corporation by the Board of Directors shall require the approval
of a majority of the authorized number of directors. The stockholders also shall have power to adopt, amend or repeal these Bylaws of the corporation; provided, however, that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of
stock of the corporation required by applicable law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, such action by stockholders shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66-2/3% of the
voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ionq-20250420.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ionq-20250420_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ionq-20250420_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock Par Value 0.0001 Per Share 2 [Member] 
Common Stock Par Value 0.0001 Per Share 2 [Member] 

Warrants Each Exercisable For One Share Of Common Stock For 11.50 Per Share 1 [Member] 
Warrants Each Exercisable For One Share Of Common Stock For 11.50 Per Share 1 [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ionq-20250420_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 20, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001824920

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 20, 2025

Entity Registrant Name IonQ, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39694

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-2992192

Entity Address, Address Line One 4505 Campus Drive

Entity Address, City or Town College Park

Entity Address, State or Province MD

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 20740

City Area Code 301

Local Phone Number 298-7997

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock Par Value 0.0001 Per Share 2 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol IONQ

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Warrants Each Exercisable For One Share Of Common Stock For 11.50 Per Share 1 [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Warrants, each exercisable for one share of common stock for $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol IONQ WS

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: ionq_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: ionq_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ionq_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShare2Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ionq_WarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockFor11.50PerShare1Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://ionq.com//20250420/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d939254d8k.htm 
ionq-20250420.xsd 
ionq-20250420_def.xml 
ionq-20250420_lab.xml 
ionq-20250420_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-089187-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d939254d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001824920 

2025-04-20 
2025-04-20 

0001824920 

ionq:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShare2Member 

2025-04-20 
2025-04-20 

0001824920 

ionq:WarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockFor11.50PerShare1Member 

2025-04-20 
2025-04-20 

false 
0001824920 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-04-20 
IonQ, Inc. 
DE 
001-39694 
85-2992192 
4505 Campus Drive 
College Park 
MD 
20740 
301 
298-7997 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
IONQ 
NYSE 
Warrants, each exercisable for one share of common stock for $11.50 per share 
IONQ WS 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>