<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-002203.txt : 20250106
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-002203.hdr.sgml : 20250106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250106165030
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-002203
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241231
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SONIDA SENIOR LIVING, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001043000
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-NURSING & PERSONAL CARE FACILITIES [8050]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				752678809
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13445
		FILM NUMBER:		25511962

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16301 QUORUM DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 160A
		CITY:			ADDISON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9727705600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16301 QUORUM DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 160A
		CITY:			ADDISON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75001

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CAPITAL SENIOR LIVING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970724
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d861110d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000104300000010430002024-12-312024-12-31

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported) December 31, 2024

Sonida Senior Living, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)

1-13445 75-2678809

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

14755 Preston Road, 

Suite 810 

Dallas, Texas 75254

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(972)770-5600

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock SNDA New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On December 31, 2024, Sonida Senior Living, Inc. (the Company) and certain of its subsidiaries (the Borrowers) entered into an Omnibus Amendment to Multifamily Loan and Security Agreements (the Omnibus Amendment) with each entity identified as an Original Lender on Schedule 1 thereto and the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae). The Omnibus Amendment amends the terms of each of the Loan Agreements listed on Schedule 2 thereto (each, a Loan Agreement and collectively, the Loan Agreements). The Loan Agreements relate to 18 of the Companys senior living communities and are interest-only through maturity, subject to the scheduled prepayments of principal noted below. The Omnibus Amendment, among other things: 

extends the maturity dates of each Loan Agreement to January 1, 2029; 

provides for certain scheduled prepayments of the outstanding principal amounts under the Loan Agreements, payable by the Borrowers and/or the Company to Fannie Mae in immediately available funds consisting of: (i) an initial prepayment of $2 million, which was funded by the Company in connection with the execution and delivery of the Omnibus Amendment, (ii) a prepayment of $2 million on or before November 1, 2025 (the Second Payment), (iii) a prepayment of $3 million on or before November 1, 2026 (the Third Payment), and (iv) a prepayment of $3 million on or before November 1, 2027 (the Fourth Payment) (the Second Payment, the Third Payment, and the Fourth Payment each, a Subsequent Payment); and 

provides that, if Fannie Mae receives each Subsequent Payment on or before the applicable date for each such Subsequent Payment, effective as of the date of Fannie Maes receipt of the Third Payment, the $10.0 million guaranty provided by the Company to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae (the Supplemental Fannie Guaranty), shall automatically terminate. 

The foregoing description of the Omnibus Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Omnibus Amendment, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On December 31, 2024, the Company also completed the acquisition of one senior living community located in Cincinnati, Ohio (the Cincinnati Acquisition) for a purchase price of $16.3 million. The Company funded the Cincinnati Acquisition with $18.25 million of seller-financing, including $2.0 million for capital expenditure investment into the community. The mortgage has an 84-month term and 24-month interest waiver to support lease-up and stabilization, with a 3% fixed interest-only rate thereafter. 

On January 6, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the execution of the Omnibus Amendment and the completion of the Cincinnati Acquisition. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The information included in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished pursuant to General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to liabilities of that section, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act unless specifically identified therein as being incorporated therein by reference. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

10.1 Omnibus Amendment to Multifamily Loan and Security Agreements, dated December 31, 2024, by and among each entity identified as a Borrower on Schedule 1 thereto, Sonida Senior Living, Inc., each entity identified as an Original Lender on Schedule 1 thereto, and Fannie Mae, the corporation duly organized under the Federal National Mortgage Association Charter Act. 

99.1 Press Release, dated January 6, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File-formatted as Inline XBRL.

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: January 6, 2025 Sonida Senior Living, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Tabitha Bailey

Name: Tabitha Bailey

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d861110dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Execution Version 

OMNIBUS AMENDMENT TO 

MULTIFAMILY LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENTS 

This OMNIBUS AMENDMENT TO MULTIFAMILY LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENTS (this Amendment) is made as of December 31, 2024,
by and among (i) each entity identified as a Borrower on Schedule 1 hereto (each individually, a Borrower and collectively the Borrowers), (ii) Sonida Senior Living, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (Guarantor), (iii) each entity identified as an Original Lender on Schedule 1 hereto (each individually, an Original Lender and collectively, the Original
Lenders), and (iv) FANNIE MAE, the corporation duly organized under the Federal National Mortgage Association Charter Act, as amended, 12 U.S.C. 1716 et seq. and duly organized and existing under the laws of the United States,
and its successors and assigns (Fannie Mae). 

RECITALS 

A. The Borrowers and the Original Lenders entered into the Loan Agreements listed on Schedule 2 hereto (each individually, a
Loan Agreement and collectively, the Loan Agreements). 

B. In connection with the Loan Agreements,
the Borrowers entered into the Environmental Indemnity Agreements listed on Schedule 3 hereto (each individually, an Environmental Indemnity Agreement and collectively, the Environmental Indemnity
Agreements) to and for the benefit of the Original Lenders. 

C. In connection with the Loan Agreements, Guarantor entered into
the Guaranties of Non-Recourse Obligations listed on Schedule 4 hereto (each individually, a Non-Recourse Guaranty and collectively, the
Non-Recourse Guaranties) to and for the benefit of the Original Lenders. 

D.
All Original Lenders right, title and interest in and to the Loan Agreements and the Loan Documents (as defined in each Loan Agreement) executed in connection with each Loan Agreement and the transactions contemplated by each Loan Agreement
have been assigned to Fannie Mae pursuant to the Assignments listed on Schedule 5 hereto (each individually, an Assignment and collectively, the Assignments). Fannie Mae has not assumed (i) any
of the obligations of any Original Lender under the Loan Agreement to make any additional loans or (ii) any of the obligations of any Original Lender which are servicing obligations delegated to such Original Lender as Loan Servicer of the
applicable Mortgage Loan. Fannie Mae has designated each Original Lender as the Loan Servicer (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement) of the Mortgage Loan contemplated by the applicable Loan Agreement. 

E. As of the date hereof, immediately prior to the transactions contemplated by this Amendment, there is one Mortgage Loan (each, a
Mortgage Loan) outstanding under each Loan Agreement. 

F. In connection with the prior amendment of the Loan
Agreements, the Guarantor entered into (i) that certain Payment Guaranty, dated as of September 29, 2023, to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae (the Corporate Guaranty) and (ii) that certain Payment Guaranty (Second
Payment), dated as of September 29, 2023, to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae (the Second Payment Guaranty). The Second Payment Guaranty expired in June 2024. 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements 

G. The Borrowers have requested that Fannie Mae and the Original Lenders make certain
amendments to the Loan Agreements, as set forth below. 

H. In connection with the foregoing, Fannie Mae, the Original Lenders, Guarantor
and the Borrowers desire to amend each Loan Agreement in certain respects as set forth herein. 

I. Fannie Mae, the Original Lenders,
Guarantor and the Borrowers intend these Recitals to be a material part of this Amendment. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto, in
consideration of the mutual promises and agreements set forth herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, hereby agree as follows: 

Section 1. Capitalized Terms. All capitalized terms used in this Amendment which are not
specifically defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the applicable Loan Agreement. 

Section 2.
[Reserved]. 

Section 3.Amendments. Subject to the satisfaction (or written
waiver) of the conditions precedent specified in Section 7 below, but effective as of the Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), the parties hereto agree that each Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 

(a) Amendment to Schedule 1 to each Loan Agreement. Schedule 1 (Definitions Schedule) to each Loan Agreement is hereby amended by
amending and restating the definition of Maturity Date in its entirety to read as follows: 

Maturity Date means January 1, 2029. 

Section 4.Confirmation of Obligations and Environmental Indemnity Agreement. Each Borrower
(a) confirms its obligations under the Security Instrument (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement) and other Loan Documents (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement), (b) confirms its obligations under the applicable Environmental
Indemnity Agreement(s), (c) confirms that its obligations under the applicable Loan Agreement, any Note (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement) and other Loan Documents (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement) as modified hereby are
entitled to the benefits of the Liens (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement) set forth in the Security Instrument (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement) and other Loan Documents (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement), (d)
confirms that its obligations under the applicable Loan Agreement as modified hereby constitute obligations of such Borrower under the applicable Loan Agreement and other Loan Documents (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement), and such
obligations shall remain in full force and effect, and it shall be fully liable for the observance of all such obligations, and (e) agrees that the applicable Loan Agreement as modified hereby is the Loan Agreement under and for all purposes

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements 2 

of the Security Instrument (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement) and other Loan Documents(as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement). Each Borrower, by its execution of this Amendment,
hereby confirms that its obligations under the applicable Loan Agreement, the Note (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement), the Security Instrument (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement), the applicable Environmental Indemnity
Agreement(s), and each other Loan Document (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement) shall remain in full force and effect, and such obligations shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of the grant set forth in the Security Instrument (as
defined in the applicable Loan Agreement) and other Loan Documents (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement). 

Section 5. Confirmation of Non-Recourse Guaranties. Guarantor
(a) acknowledges and consents to this Amendment and all changes to the terms and conditions of each Loan Agreement as set forth in this Amendment, (b) agrees that each Loan Agreement as modified hereby is the Loan Agreement under and for
all purposes of each Non-Recourse Guaranty and the Corporate Guaranty and the other Loan Documents (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement), (c) confirms to the Original Lenders and Fannie Mae that the
terms and conditions of each Non-Recourse Guaranty and the Corporate Guaranty remain in full force effect as of the Amendment Effective Date, both immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect to
this Amendment, (d) confirms that its obligations under each Non-Recourse Guaranty and the Corporate Guaranty shall remain in full force and effect, and it shall be fully liable for the observance of all
such obligations, and (e) confirms and ratifies the Loan Documents (as defined in each Loan Agreement) it has previously executed in connection with each Loan Agreement. 

Section 6. Beneficiaries. Each of (a) the Confirmation of Obligations and Environmental Indemnity
Agreement in Section 4 of this Amendment and (b) the Confirmation of Guaranty in Section 5 of this Amendment are made for the express benefit of the Original Lenders and Fannie Mae. 

Section 7. Conditions Precedent. The amendment to the Loan Agreement set forth in
Section 3 hereof shall become effective on November 1, 2024 so long as each of the following conditions precedent are satisfied as of such date (the Amendment Effective Date): 

(a) Execution. Fannie Mae shall have received counterparts of this Amendment executed by each Borrower, Guarantor and each Original
Lender. 

(b) Real Estate Deliverables. Fannie Mae shall have received the following, in each case in form and substance satisfactory
to Fannie Mae: (i) an amendment to each Security Instrument listed on Schedule 6 hereto (collectively, the Security Instrument Amendments), and (ii) for each Mortgaged Property (as defined in each Loan Agreement),
excluding the Mortgaged Properties known as (A) the Waterford at Levis Commons, (B) the Waterford at Fort Worth, (C) the Waterford on Huebner, (D) the Waterford at Thousand Oaks, (E) the Waterford at Plano, (F) the
Waterford on Highland Colony, (G) the Wellington at Arapaho, and (H) the Wellington at North Richland Hills, either (x) in accordance with Section 13.02(a)(7) of the applicable Loan Agreement, a date-down endorsement
if available that amends the effective date of the applicable Title Policy (as defined in 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements 3 

the applicable Loan Agreement) to the Amendment Effective Date to the extent any such endorsements will not require the applicable Borrower to pay any additional title insurance premiums in
excess of the nominal cost of such endorsement or (y) a title search satisfactory to Fannie Mae showing that the existing lien securing the applicable Mortgage Loan (each, a Mortgage Lien) has not been impaired and no new
liens have been filed against the applicable Mortgaged Property since the date the applicable Mortgage Lien was recorded. 

(c) Borrower
Authorizations. Fannie Mae shall have received a Certificate of each Borrower, in form and substance satisfactory to Fannie Mae, with the following attachments, in each case in form and substance satisfactory to Fannie Mae: (i) resolutions
of the board of directors, board of managers, manager, managing member or similar governing body of such Borrower approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment as of the date hereof, certified as of the date
hereof by its secretary, an assistant secretary or other authorized officer as being in full force and effect without modification or amendment, (ii) a certification of the names and true signatures of the officers of such Borrower authorized
to sign this Amendment and the other documents required to be delivered hereunder, (iii) a good standing certificate of Borrower from the applicable Governmental Authority of such Borrowers jurisdiction of formation and (iv) copies
of each organizational document of such Borrower, in each case, to the extent applicable, certified as of a recent date prior to the date hereof by the appropriate Governmental Authority. 

(d) Guarantor Authorizations. Fannie Mae shall have received an Organizational Certificate of Guarantor, in form and substance
satisfactory to Fannie Mae, with the following attachments, in each case in form and substance satisfactory to Fannie Mae: (i) resolutions of the board of directors, board of managers, manager, managing member or similar governing body of
Guarantor approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and each other action of Guarantor contemplated by this Amendment as of the date hereof, certified as of the date hereof by its secretary, an assistant
secretary or other authorized officer as being in full force and effect without modification or amendment, (ii) a certificate of the secretary, an assistant secretary or other authorized officer of Guarantor certifying the names and true
signatures of the officers of Guarantor authorized to sign this Amendment and the other documents required to be delivered hereunder, (iii) a good standing certificate from the applicable Governmental Authority of Guarantors jurisdiction
of incorporation, organization or formation and (iv) copies of each Organizational Document of Guarantor, in each case, to the extent applicable, certified as of a recent date prior to the date hereof by the appropriate Governmental Authority.

(e) Principal Loan Paydown. The Borrowers and/or Guarantor shall have made a prepayment to Fannie Mae in the aggregate amount of
$2,000,000.00 in immediately available funds (the First Payment). The First Payment shall be applied to the principal amount outstanding under the Loan Agreements; provided that, the Borrowers may recommend the allocation
of the First Payment between the Loan Agreements and Fannie Mae shall determine the allocation of the First Payment between the Loan Agreements in its sole and absolute discretion. 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements 4 

(f) Amendment Fee. The Borrowers shall have paid to Fannie Mae an amendment fee in
the aggregate amount of $220,000.00 (the Amendment Fee). The Amendment Fee shall be fully earned and due and payable in cash on the Amendment Effective Date. The Borrowers hereby agrees that once paid, the Amendment Fee shall not
be refundable under any circumstances and shall not be subject to reduction by way of set off or counterclaim. 

(g) Fees and
Expenses. The Borrowers shall have paid all fees, expenses, charges, and disbursements (i) due and payable under the Loan Documents (as defined in each Loan Agreement) on or prior to the date hereof and (ii) associated with documenting
this Amendment, in each case including all fees, expenses, charges and disbursements of Fannie Mae and the Original Lenders (including the legal fees and expenses of Reed Smith LLP).

Section 8.Effect of Amendment. On the Amendment Effective Date, each Loan Agreement shall be
modified in accordance with this Amendment, all references to such Loan Agreement in any Loan Document (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement) shall be deemed to be references to such Loan Agreement as modified by this Amendment. With respect
to each Loan Agreement, this Amendment shall be deemed an amendment thereof having a numerical identification one higher than the last numerical amendment of such Loan Agreement, and the numbering of each amendment to such Loan Agreement hereafter
shall take this Amendment into account. Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in any Loan Agreement or
any other Loan Document (as defined in each Loan Agreement), all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect. Nothing herein shall be deemed to entitle any Borrower or Guarantor to any future
consent to, or waiver, amendment, modification or other change of, any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in any Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document (as defined in each Loan Agreement) in similar or
different circumstances. On and after the Amendment Effective Date, this Amendment shall each constitute a Loan Document for all purposes of each Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement)
and any breach of any Borrowers obligations hereunder shall constitute an immediate Event of Default under the applicable Loan Agreements. This Amendment shall be limited as written and nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute an amendment
or waiver of any other term, provision or condition of any of the Loan Documents (as defined in each Loan Agreement) in any other instance than as expressly set forth herein or prejudice any right or remedy that Fannie Mae or any Original Lender may
now have or may in the future have under any of the Loan Documents (as defined in each Loan Agreement). Except as herein provided, each Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement) shall remain unchanged
and in full force and effect. This Amendment, the Loan Agreements and the other Loan Documents (as defined in each Loan Agreement) constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto and thereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and
thereof and supersede all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and verbal, among the parties hereto and thereto or any of them with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements 5 

Section 9. Covenants. Each Borrower and
Guarantor, as applicable, hereby covenant and agree that: 

(a) Second Payment. On or before November 1, 2025, the Borrowers
and/or Guarantor shall make a prepayment to Fannie Mae in the aggregate amount of $2,000,000.00 in immediately available funds (the Second Payment). The Second Payment shall be applied to the principal amount outstanding under the
Loan Agreements; provided that, the Borrowers may recommend the allocation of the Second Payment between the Loan Agreements and Fannie Mae shall determine the allocation of the Second Payment between the Loan Agreements in its sole and
absolute discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall all or any portion of the First Payment be included in determining whether the Second Payment has been made. Any failure to make the Second Payment on or before November 1,
2025, shall constitute an immediate Event of Default (as defined in each Loan Agreement) under each Loan Agreement. 

(b) Third
Payment. On or before November 1, 2026, the Borrowers and/or Guarantor shall make a prepayment to Fannie Mae in the aggregate amount of $3,000,000.00 in immediately available funds (the Third Payment). The Third Payment
shall be applied to the principal amount outstanding under the Loan Agreements; provided that, the Borrowers may recommend the allocation of the Third Payment between the Loan Agreements and Fannie Mae shall determine the allocation of the
Third Payment between the Loan Agreements in its sole and absolute discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall all or any portion of the First Payment or the Second Payment be included in determining whether the Third Payment has been
made. Any failure to make the Third Payment on or before November 1, 2026, shall constitute an immediate Event of Default (as defined in each Loan Agreement) under each Loan Agreement. 

(c) Fourth Payment. On or before November 1, 2027, the Borrowers and/or Guarantor shall make a prepayment to Fannie Mae in the
aggregate amount of $3,000,000.00 in immediately available funds (the Fourth Payment and together with the Second Payment and the Third Payment, each a Subsequent Payment and collectively, the
Subsequent Payments). The Fourth Payment shall be applied to the principal amount outstanding under the Loan Agreements; provided that, the Borrowers may recommend the allocation of the Fourth Payment between the Loan
Agreements and Fannie Mae shall determine the allocation of the Fourth Payment between the Loan Agreements in its sole and absolute discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall all or any portion of the First Payment, the Second Payment
or the Third Payment be included in determining whether the Fourth Payment has been made. Any failure to make the Fourth Payment on or before November 1, 2027, shall constitute an immediate Event of Default (as defined in each Loan Agreement)
under each Loan Agreement. 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements 6 

(d) Reserve Funding. Each Borrower shall continue to fund all Replacement Reserve
Deposits (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement), Repairs Escrow Deposits (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement), Imposition Deposits (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement), and all other reserves, escrows, impositions and other
amounts required pursuant to the applicable Loan Agreement and any other Loan Document (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement). 

(e)
Real Estate Deliverables. Not later than the date that is thirty (30) days after the Amendment Effective Date (or such longer time as Fannie Mae shall agree in its sole discretion), the Borrowers shall have delivered to Fannie Mae, in
form and substance satisfactory to Fannie Mae, for the Mortgaged Properties (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement) known as (i) the Waterford at Levis Commons, (ii) the Waterford at Fort Worth, (iii) the Waterford on Huebner,
(iv) the Waterford at Thousand Oaks, (v) the Waterford at Plano, (vi) the Waterford on Highland Colony, (vii) the Wellington at Arapaho, and (viii) the Wellington at North Richland Hills, in each case, either (1) in
accordance with Section 13.02(a)(7) of the applicable Loan Agreement, a date-down endorsement if available that amends the effective date of the applicable Title Policy (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement) to the Amendment
Effective Date to the extent any such endorsements will not require the applicable Borrower to pay any additional title insurance premiums in excess of the nominal cost of such endorsement or (2) a title search satisfactory to Fannie Mae
showing that the applicable Mortgage Lien has not been impaired and no new liens have been filed against the applicable Mortgaged Property since the date the applicable Mortgage Lien was recorded 

Section 10. Termination of Corporate Guaranty. If Fannie Mae receives each Subsequent Payment
on or before the applicable payment date for each such Subsequent Payment set forth in Section 9 above, the parties hereto agree that, effective as of the date of Fannie Maes receipt of the Third Payment, the Corporate Guaranty shall be
automatically terminated and be of no further force or effect other than those provisions therein that expressly survive termination. 

Section 11. Representations and Warranties of Borrower. Each Borrower represents and warrants
to Fannie Mae and each Original Lender that, as of the Amendment Effective Date: 

(a) Existence and Good Standing; Power and
Authority. Such Borrower (i) is a limited liability company or limited partnership, as applicable, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of such Borrowers jurisdiction of formation and (ii) has the
power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Amendment; 

(b) Due Authorization and Execution. The
execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment has been duly authorized by all requisite limited liability company action or limited partnership action, as applicable, on the part of such Borrower and that this Amendment has been duly
executed and delivered by such Borrower; 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements 7 

(c) Binding Obligation. This Amendment constitutes the legal, valid and binding
obligation of such Borrower and is enforceable against such Borrower in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting the enforceability of creditors rights generally and to general principles of
equity; 

(d) Consents. The execution and delivery by such Borrower of this Amendment does not require any approval, consent,
exemption or authorization of, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person, except for such consents and approvals as have already been obtained; 

(e) No Conflicts. Neither the execution nor the delivery of this Amendment by such Borrower, nor the performance of or compliance with
the terms and provisions of this Amendment or the applicable Loan Agreement (as amended hereby) by such Borrower, does or will (i) contravene any provision of such Borrowers Organizational Documents, (ii) conflict with or result in a
breach or contravention of, or the creation of any lien under, (A) any material contractual obligation to which such Borrower is a party or (B) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to
which such Borrower or its property is subject, or (iii) violate any Applicable Law; 

(f) No Default. After giving effect to
this Amendment, no default or Event of Default (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement) has occurred and is continuing or will result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Amendment; 

(g) Prior Representations. Both immediately before and after giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties of such
Borrower and the Guarantor set forth in the applicable Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement) are true and correct; and 

(h) No Defenses. Such Borrower has no defenses, setoffs, deductions, or claims against Fannie Mae or any Original Lender arising out of
the applicable Mortgage Loan, the applicable Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement) and that each of Fannie Maes rights and remedies as set forth in the Loan Documents (as defined in the
applicable Loan Agreement) is fully enforceable on the terms and conditions stated in the Loan Documents (as defined in the applicable Loan Agreement), except as modified by this Amendment. 

Section 12. Representations and Warranties of Guarantor. Guarantor represents and warrants to
Fannie Mae and each Original Lender that, as of the Amendment Effective Date: 

(a) Existence and Good Standing; Power and
Authorization. Guarantor (i) is a corporation, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of State of Delaware, and (ii) has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this
Amendment; 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements 8 

(b) Due Authorization and Execution. The execution, delivery and performance of this
Amendment has been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part of Guarantor and that this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by Guarantor; 

(c) Binding Obligation. This Amendment constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Guarantor and is enforceable against
Guarantor in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting the enforceability of creditors rights generally and to general principles of equity; 

(d) Consents. The execution and delivery by Guarantor of this Amendment does not require any approval, consent, exemption or
authorization of, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person, except for such consents and approvals as have already been obtained; and 

(e) No Conflicts. Neither the execution nor the delivery of this Amendment by Guarantor nor the performance of or compliance with the
terms and provisions of this Amendment does or will (i) contravene any provision of Guarantors Organizational Documents, (ii) conflict with or result in a breach or contravention of, or the creation of any lien under, (A) any
material contractual obligation to which Guarantor is a party or (B) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which Guarantor or its property is subject, or (iii) violate any Applicable
Law. 

Section 13. Release. Each Borrower and Guarantor hereby releases and forever discharges
Fannie Mae, each Original Lender, and their respective predecessors, successors, assigns, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, attorneys, agents and each current or substitute trustee under the Security Instruments (collectively, the
Indemnitee), from all Claims, as defined below, and agrees to indemnify the Indemnitee, and hold them harmless from any and all claims, losses, causes of action, costs and expenses of every kind or character in connection with the
Claims or the breach of this Amendment, the Loan Agreements, or the other Loan Documents (as defined in each Loan Agreement). As used in this Amendment, the term Claims shall mean any and all possible claims, demands, actions,
causes of action, costs, expenses and liabilities of any kind or nature whatsoever, liquidated or unliquidated, fixed or contingent, known or unknown, at law or in equity, originating in whole or in part, on or before the date of this Amendment,
including but not limited to claims based on usury, any state deceptive trade practices laws, violations of law relating to hazardous substance or environmental contamination, which any Borrower or Guarantor, or any of their respective
beneficiaries, may now or hereafter have against the Indemnitee, if any, and irrespective of whether any such Claims arise out of contract, tort, violation of laws or regulations, or otherwise in connection with this Amendment, any Loan Agreement,
or any other Loan Document (as defined in each Loan Agreement), including, without limitation, any contracting for, charging, taking, reserving, collecting or receiving interest in excess of the highest lawful rate applicable thereto and any loss,
cost or damage, of any kind or character, arising out of or in any way connected with or in any way resulting from the acts, actions or omissions of Indemnitee, including any breach of fiduciary duty, breach of any duty of fair dealing, breach of

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements 9 

confidence, breach of funding commitment, undue influence, duress, economic coercion, conflict of interest, negligence, bad faith, malpractice, violations of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt
Organizations Act, intentional or negligent infliction of mental distress, tortious interference with contractual relations, tortious interference with corporate governance or prospective business advantage, breach of contract, deceptive trade
practices, libel, slander, conspiracy, any claim for wrongfully accelerating any amounts due under this Amendment, any Loan Agreement, or any other Loan Document (as defined in each Loan Agreement) or wrongfully attempting to foreclose on any
collateral relating to this Amendment, any Loan Agreement, or any other Loan Document (as defined in each Loan Agreement), or any claim to equitably subordinate Fannie Maes claims under 510(c) of the Bankruptcy Code, but in each case
only to the extent permitted by applicable law. This release is solely for the benefit of the Indemnitee and not for any third parties. This release is accepted by Fannie Mae and each Original Lender pursuant to this Agreement and shall not be
construed as an admission of liability on the part of Fannie Mae or any Original Lender. Each Borrower, Guarantor, Fannie Mae, and each Original Lender have negotiated this Amendment at arms length, and the Borrowers and Guarantor are not in a
disparate bargaining position relative to Fannie Mae and the Original Lenders. Each Borrower and Guarantor has carefully evaluated the provisions of this Agreement. Each Borrower and Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that its relationship with
Fannie Mae is strictly that of borrower to creditor, that no special relationship exists between such Borrower or Guarantor and Fannie Mae, and that Fannie Mae has no fiduciary obligation or similar obligation to any Borrower or Guarantor. Fannie
Mae hereby disclaims any and all implied obligations to any Borrower or Guarantor, including but not limited to any obligation to consider or look out for the interests of such Borrower or Guarantor and any other obligation not expressly stated in
this Amendment, the Loan Agreement, or the other Loan Documents (as defined in each Loan Agreement). Each Borrower and Guarantor hereby represents and warrants that it is the current legal and beneficial owner of all Claims, if any, released hereby
and it has not transferred, pledged or assigned or agreed to transfer, pledge or assign to any other individual or entity any of the Claims described in this section. 

Section 14. Costs and Expenses. Each Borrower and Guarantor, as applicable, hereby reaffirms
its respective obligation to pay, and shall pay, all costs and expenses (including, but not limited to, legal fees and expenses) incurred by Fannie Mae under this Amendment, the Loan Agreements, and the other Loan Documents (as defined in each Loan
Agreement), including all costs and expenses incurred by Fannie Mae in connection with the preparation, negotiation, and administration of this Amendment and any amendment, waiver or consent related hereto, whether or not the transactions
contemplated herein or therein are consummated. 

Section 15. No Novation or Mutual
Departure. Each Borrower and Guarantor expressly acknowledges and agrees that there has not been, and this Amendment does not constitute or establish, a novation with respect to any Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document (as
defined in each Loan Agreement), or a mutual departure from the strict terms, provisions, and conditions thereof, other than with respect to the amendments contained in Section 3 hereof. Except as otherwise expressed herein, the execution,
delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of Fannie Mae or any Original Lender under any Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents (as defined in each Loan Agreement), nor
constitute a waiver of any provision of any Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents (as defined in each Loan Agreement). 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements 10 

Section 16. Counterparts. This Amendment may
be executed in counterparts by the parties hereto, and each such counterpart shall be considered an original and all such counterparts shall constitute one and the same instrument. The words execution, signed,
signature, and words of like import in this Amendment, the Loan Agreements or any other Loan Document (as defined in each Loan Agreement), or in any amendment or other modification hereof or thereof (including waivers and consents),
shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping
system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act,
and the delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment or any other such document by any such means (including .pdf or .tif) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof
or thereof. 

Section 17. Choice of Law; Consent to Jurisdiction. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, each of the terms and provisions, and rights and obligations of the Borrowers and Guarantor under this Amendment, shall be governed by, interpreted, construed, and enforced pursuant to and in accordance with the laws of the
jurisdiction in which the applicable Mortgaged Property is located (excluding the law applicable to conflicts or choice of law) including procedural and substantive matters relating to the creation, perfection, and foreclosure of liens and security
interests, and enforcement of the rights and remedies, against the applicable Mortgaged Property, except the perfection, the effect of perfection and non-perfection and foreclosure of security interests on
personal property, which matters shall be governed by the laws of the jurisdiction determined by the choice of law provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code in effect for the jurisdiction in which the applicable Borrower is organized. Each Borrower
and Guarantor agrees that any controversy arising under or in relation to this Amendment shall be, except as otherwise provided herein, litigated in the District of Columbia. The local and federal courts and authorities with jurisdiction in which
the applicable Mortgaged Property is located shall, except as otherwise provided herein, have jurisdiction over all controversies which may arise under or in relation to this Amendment, including those controversies relating to the execution,
jurisdiction, breach, enforcement, or compliance with this Amendment, or any other issue arising under, relating to, or in connection with this Amendment. Each Borrower and Guarantor irrevocably consents to service, jurisdiction, and venue of such
courts for any litigation arising from this Amendment, and waive any other venue to which it might be entitled by virtue of domicile, habitual residence, or otherwise. Nothing contained herein, however, shall prevent Fannie Mae or any Original
Lender from bringing any suit, action, or proceeding or exercising any rights against any Borrower or Guarantor and against the collateral in any other jurisdiction. Initiating such suit, action, or proceeding or taking such action in any other
jurisdiction shall in no event constitute a waiver of the agreement contained herein that the laws of the jurisdiction in which the applicable Mortgaged Property is located shall govern the rights and obligations of the applicable Borrower, the
applicable Original Lender and Fannie Mae as provided herein or the submission herein by such Borrower to personal jurisdiction within such jurisdiction. 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements 11 

Section 18. Waiver of Jury Trial. TO THE MAXIMUM
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH BORROWER, GUARANTOR, EACH ORIGINAL LENDER AND FANNIE MAE (a) COVENANTS AND AGREES NOT TO ELECT A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY ISSUE ARISING OUT OF THIS AMENDMENT, OR THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE
PARTIES AS BORROWER AND LENDER, THAT IS TRIABLE OF RIGHT BY A JURY AND (b) WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO SUCH ISSUE TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY SUCH RIGHT EXISTS NOW OR IN THE FUTURE. THIS WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IS
SEPARATELY GIVEN BY EACH PARTY, KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WITH THE BENEFIT OF COMPETENT LEGAL COUNSEL 

Section 19. Missouri Statutory Notice. Pursuant to Mo. Rev. Stat. Section 432.047, Fannie Mae and
each Original Lender hereby gives the following notice to the Borrowers: 

Oral or unexecuted agreements or commitments to loan
money, extend credit or to forbear from enforcing repayment of a debt including promises to extend or renew such debt are not enforceable, regardless of the legal theory upon which it is based that is in any way related to the credit agreement. To
protect you (borrower(s)) and us (creditor) from misunderstanding or disappointment, any agreements we reach covering such matters are contained in this writing, which is the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between us, except as we
may later agree in writing to modify it. 

[The Remainder of This Page Has Been Intentionally Left Blank.] 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements 12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as of the day and year
first above written. 

BORROWERS:

TRIAD SENIOR LIVING I, L.P.,

a Texas limited partnership

By: Capital Senior Living Properties 5, Inc.,

its General Partner

By: /s/ Brandon M. Ribar

Name: Brandon M. Ribar

Its: President

TRIAD SENIOR LIVING II, L.P.,

a Texas limited partnership

By: Capital Senior Living Properties 5, Inc.,

its General Partner

By: /s/ Brandon M. Ribar

Name: Brandon M. Ribar

Its: President

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements Signature Page 

TRIAD SENIOR LIVING IV, L.P.,

a Texas limited partnership

By: Capital Senior Living Properties 5, Inc.,

its General Partner

By: /s/ Brandon M. Ribar

Name: Brandon M. Ribar

Its: President

TRIAD SENIOR LIVING V, L.P.,

a Texas limited partnership

By: Capital Senior Living Properties 5, Inc.,

its General Partner

By: /s/ Brandon M. Ribar

Name: Brandon M. Ribar

Its: President

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements Signature Page 

CSL VINTAGE, LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Brandon M. Ribar

Name: Brandon M. Ribar

Its: President

CSL PLYMOUTH, LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Brandon M. Ribar

Name: Brandon M. Ribar

Its: President

CSL GREEN BAY, LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Brandon M. Ribar

Name: Brandon M. Ribar

Its: President

CSL SPRINGFIELD MA, LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Brandon M. Ribar

Name: Brandon M. Ribar

Its: President

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements Signature Page 

CSL CINCINNATI, LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Brandon M. Ribar

Name: Brandon M. Ribar

Its: President

CSL MIAMI, LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Brandon M. Ribar

Name: Brandon M. Ribar

Its: President

CSL LEVIS COMMONS, LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Brandon M. Ribar

Name: Brandon M. Ribar

Its: President

[Signatures Continue on Next Page] 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements Signature Page 

GUARANTOR:

SONIDA SENIOR LIVING, INC.,

a Delaware corporation

(f/k/a Capital Senior Living Corporation)

By: /s/ Brandon M. Ribar

Name: 

Brandon M. Ribar

Its: 

Chief Executive Officer and President

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements Signature Page 

FANNIE MAE:

FANNIE MAE, the corporation duly organized under the Federal National Mortgage Association Charter Act, as amended, 12 U.S.C. 1716 et seq. and duly organized and existing under the laws of the United
States

By: /s/ Roy Miller

Name: Roy Miller

Title: Assistant Vice President

[Signatures Continue on Next Page] 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements Signature Page 

ORIGINAL LENDERS:

BERKADIA COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE LLC,

a Delaware limited liability company

By: /s/ Julie Gschwind

Name: Julie Gschwind

Title: Authorized Representative

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

a national banking association

By: /s/ Joan Pearce

Name: Joan Pearce

Title: Vice-President

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements Signature Page 

SCHEDULE 1 

Borrowers and Original Lenders 

Borrowers:

1. 

Triad Senior Living I, L.P., a Texas limited partnership (Triad I); 

2. 

Triad Senior Living II, L.P., a Texas limited partnership (Triad II); 

3. 

Triad Senior Living IV, L.P., a Texas limited partnership (Triad IV); 

4. 

Triad Senior Living V, L.P., a Texas limited partnership (Triad V); 

5. 

CSL Vintage, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (CSL Vintage); 

6. 

CSL Plymouth, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (CSL Plymouth);

7. 

CSL Green Bay, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (CSL Green Bay);

8. 

CSL Springfield MA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (CSL Springfield);

9. 

CSL Cincinnati, LLC, , a Delaware limited liability company (CSL Cincinnati);

10. 

CSL Miami, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (CSL Miami); and 

11. 

CSL Levis Commons, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (CSL Levis Commons).

Original Lenders:

1. 

Berkadia Commercial Mortgage LLC (Berkadia); and 

2. 

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (Wells Fargo). 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements Schedule 1 

SCHEDULE 2 

Loan Agreements 

1. That certain
Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made as of June 27, 2014 by and between Triad I and Berkadia, relating to the Waterford on Huebner; 

2. That certain Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)
made as of June 27, 2014 by and between Triad I and Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Fort Worth; 

3. That certain Multifamily Loan and Security
Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made as of June 27, 2014 by and between Triad II and Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Plano; 

4. That certain Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)
made as of June 27, 2014 by and between Triad I and Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Thousand Oaks; 

5. That certain Multifamily Loan and
Security Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made as of June 27, 2014 by and between Triad I and Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Mesquite; 

6. That certain Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)
made as of June 27, 2014 by and between Triad II and Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Fairfield; 

7. That certain Multifamily Loan and Security
Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made as of June 27, 2014 by and between Triad IV and Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Mansfield; 

8. That certain Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)
made as of June 27, 2014 by and between Triad IV and Berkadia relating to the Wellington at North Richland Hills; 

9. That certain Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made as of June 27, 2014 by and between Triad IV and Berkadia relating to the Wellington on Highland Colony; 

10. That certain Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)
made as of June 27, 2014 by and between Triad IV and Berkadia relating to the Wellington at Arapaho; 

11. That certain Multifamily Loan and Security
Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made as of June 27, 2014 by and between Triad V and Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Ironbridge; 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements Schedule 2 

12. That certain Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made as of June 15, 2016 by and between Triad I and Berkadia relating to the Waterford on Huebner; 

13. That certain Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)
made as of June 15, 2016 by and between Triad I and Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Fort Worth; 

14. That certain Multifamily Loan and Security
Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made as of June 15, 2016 by and between Triad I and Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Thousand Oaks; 

15. That certain Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)
made as of November 30, 2018 by and between Triad I and Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Mesquite; 

16. That certain Multifamily Loan and
Security Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made as of June 15, 2016 by and between Triad II and Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Fairfield; 

17. That certain Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)
made as of June 15, 2016 by and between Triad IV and Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Mansfield; 

18. That certain Multifamily Loan and Security
Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made as of June 15, 2016 by and between Triad IV and Berkadia relating to the Wellington at North Richland Hills; 

19. That certain Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)
made as of June 15, 2016 by and between Triad V and Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Ironbridge; 

20. That certain Multifamily Loan and Security
Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made as of May 31, 2013 by and between CSL Vintage and Berkadia relating to the Vintage Senior Living Campus; 

21. That certain Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)
made as of May 31, 2013 by and between CSL Plymouth and Berkadia relating to Libbys House; 

22. That certain Multifamily Loan and Security
Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made as of January 13, 2015 by and between CSL Green Bay and Berkadia relating to Brookview Meadows; 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements Schedule 2 

23. That certain Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made as of September 30, 2016 by and between CSL Springfield and Berkadia relating to the Wellington at Springfield; 

24. That certain Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)
made as of November 2, 2016 by and between CSL Cincinnati and Berkadia relating to the Wellington at North Bend Crossing; 

25. That certain
Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made as of June 30, 2014 by and between CSL Miami and Wells Fargo relating to the Wellington at Dayton;

26. That certain Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time) made as of March 5, 2015 by and between CSL Levis Commons and Wells Fargo relating to the Waterford at Levis Commons; and 

27. That certain
Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made as of December 15, 2016 by and between CSL Levis Commons and Wells Fargo relating to the Waterford
at Levis Commons. 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements Schedule 2 

SCHEDULE 3 

Environmental Indemnity Agreements 

1.
That certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2014, by Triad I to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford on Huebner; 

2. That certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2014 by Triad I to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford at
Fort Worth; 

3. That certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2014 by Triad II to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to
the Waterford at Plano; 

4. That certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2014 by Triad I to and for the benefit of Berkadia
relating to the Waterford at Thousand Oaks; 

5. That certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2014 by Triad I to and for the
benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Mesquite; 

6. That certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2014 by Triad II
to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Fairfield; 

7. That certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of as of
June 27, 2014 by Triad IV to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Mansfield; 

8. That certain Environmental Indemnity
Agreement, dated as of as of June 27, 2014 by Triad IV to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Wellington at North Richland Hills; 

9.
That certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2014 by Triad IV to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Wellington on Highland Colony; 

10. That certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2014 by Triad IV to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Wellington
at Arapaho; 

11. That certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2014 by Triad V to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to
the Waterford at Ironbridge; 

12. That certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2016 by Triad I to and for the benefit of
Berkadia relating to the Waterford on Huebner; 

13. That certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2016 by Triad I to and for
the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Fort Worth; 

14. That certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2016 by
Triad I to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Thousand Oaks; 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements Schedule 3 

15. That certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2018 by Triad I to and for
the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Mesquite; 

16. That certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2016 by
Triad II to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Fairfield; 

17. That certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of
June 15, 2016 by Triad IV to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Mansfield; 

18. That certain Environmental Indemnity
Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2016 by Triad IV to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Wellington at North Richland Hills; 

19. That
certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2016 by Triad V to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Ironbridge; 

20. That certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2013 by CSL Vintage to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Vintage
Senior Living Campus; 

21. That certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2013 by CSL Plymouth to and for the benefit of
Berkadia relating to Libbys House; 

22. That certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2015 by CSL Green Bay to and
for the benefit of Berkadia relating to Brookview Meadows; 

23. That certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2016 by CSL
Springfield to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Wellington at Springfield; 

24. That certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of
November 2, 2016 by CSL Cincinnati to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Wellington at North Bend Crossing; 

25. That certain
Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2014 by CSL Miami to and for the benefit of Wells Fargo relating to the Wellington at Dayton; 

26. That certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2015 by CSL Levis Commons to and for the benefit of Wells Fargo relating to the
Waterford at Levis Commons; and 

27. That certain Environmental Indemnity Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2016, by CSL Levis Commons to and for
the benefit of Wells Fargo relating to the Waterford at Levis Commons. 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements Schedule 3 

SCHEDULE 4 

Non-Recourse Guaranties 

1. That certain Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated as of June 27, 2014, by the Guarantor to and for the
benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford on Huebner; 

2. That certain Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations,
dated as of June 27, 2014, by the Guarantor to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Fort Worth; 

3. That certain Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated as of June 27, 2014, by the Guarantor to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Plano; 

4. That certain Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated as of June 27, 2014, by the Guarantor to and for the
benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Thousand Oaks; 

5. That certain Guaranty of Non-Recourse
Obligations, dated as of June 27, 2014, by the Guarantor to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Mesquite; 

6. That certain
Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated as of June 27, 2014, by the Guarantor to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Fairfield; 

7. That certain Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated as of June 27, 2014, by the Guarantor to and for the
benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Mansfield; 

8. That certain Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations,
dated as of June 27, 2014, by the Guarantor to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Wellington at North Richland Hills; 

9. That certain
Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated as of June 27, 2014, by the Guarantor to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Wellington on Highland Colony; 

10. That certain Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated as of June 27, 2014, by the Guarantor to and for the
benefit of Berkadia relating to the Wellington at Arapaho; 

11. That certain Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations,
dated as of June 27, 2014, by the Guarantor to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Ironbridge; 

12. That certain Guaranty of
Non-Recourse Obligations, dated as of June 15, 2016, by the Guarantor to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford on Huebner; 

13. That certain Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated as of June 15, 2016, by the Guarantor to and for the
benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Fort Worth; 

14. That certain Guaranty of Non-Recourse
Obligations, dated as of June 15, 2016, by the Guarantor to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Thousand Oaks; 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements Schedule 4 

15. That certain Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated as of
November 30, 2018, by the Guarantor to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Mesquite; 

16. That certain Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated as of June 15, 2016, by the Guarantor to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Fairfield; 

17. That certain Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated as of June 15, 2016, by the Guarantor to and for the
benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Mansfield; 

18. That certain Guaranty of Non-Recourse
Obligations, dated as of June 15, 2016, by the Guarantor to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Wellington at North Richland Hills; 

19.
That certain Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated as of June 15, 2016, by the Guarantor to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Waterford at Ironbridge; 

20. That certain Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated as of May 31, 2013, by the Guarantor to and for the
benefit of Berkadia relating to the Vintage Senior Living Campus; 

21. That certain Guaranty of Non-Recourse
Obligations, dated as of May 31, 2013, by the Guarantor to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to Libbys House; 

22. That certain Guaranty
of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated as of January 13, 2015, by the Guarantor to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to Brookview Meadows; 

23. That certain Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated as of September 30, 2016, by the Guarantor to and
for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Wellington at Springfield; 

24. That certain Guaranty of Non-Recourse
Obligations, dated as of November 2, 2016, by the Guarantor to and for the benefit of Berkadia relating to the Wellington at North Bend Crossing; 

25. That Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated as of June 30, 2014, by the Guarantor to and for the benefit
of Wells Fargo relating to the Wellington at Dayton; 

26. That certain Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated
as of March 5, 2015, by the Guarantor to and for the benefit of Wells Fargo relating to the Waterford at Levis Commons; and 

27. That certain
Guaranty of Non-Recourse Obligations, dated as of December 15, 2016, by the Guarantor to and for the benefit of Wells Fargo relating to the Waterford at Levis Commons. 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements Schedule 4 

SCHEDULE 5 

Assignments 

1. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of June 27, 2014 (as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Waterford on Huebner; 

2. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of June 27, 2014 (as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Waterford at Fort Worth; 

3. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of June 27, 2014 (as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Waterford at Plano; 

4. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of June 27, 2014 (as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Waterford at Thousand Oaks; 

5. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of June 27, 2014 (as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Waterford at Mesquite; 

6. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of June 27, 2014 (as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Waterford at Fairfield; 

7. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of June 27, 2014 (as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Waterford at Mansfield; 

8. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of June 27, 2014 (as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Wellington at North Richland Hills; 

9. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of June 27, 2014 (as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Wellington on Highland Colony; 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements Schedule 5 

10. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of June 27, 2014 (as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Wellington at Arapaho; 

11. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of June 27, 2014 (as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Waterford at Ironbridge; 

12. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of June 15, 2016 (as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Waterford on Huebner; 

13. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of June 15, 2016 (as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Waterford at Fort Worth; 

14. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of June 15, 2016 (as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Waterford at Thousand Oaks; 

15. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of November 30, 2018
(as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Waterford at Mesquite; 

16. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of June 15, 2016 (as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Waterford at Fairfield; 

17. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of June 15, 2016 (as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Waterford at Mansfield; 

18. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of June 15, 2016 (as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Wellington at North Richland Hills; 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements Schedule 5 

19. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of June 15, 2016 (as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Waterford at Ironbridge; 

20. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of May 31, 2013 (as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Vintage Senior Living Campus; 

21. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of May 31, 2013 (as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to Libbys House; 

22. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of January 13, 2015
(as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to Brookview Meadows; 

23. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of September 30, 2016
(as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Wellington at Springfield; 

24. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of November 2, 2016
(as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Berkadia to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Wellington at North Bend Crossing; 

25. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of June 30, 2014 (as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Wells Fargo to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Wellington at Dayton; 

26. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of March 5, 2015 (as
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Wells Fargo to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Waterford at Levis Commons; and 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements Schedule 5 

27. 

That certain Assignment of Collateral Agreements and other Loan Documents, dated as of December 15, 2016
(as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) made by Wells Fargo to and for the benefit of Fannie Mae relating to the Waterford at Levis Commons. 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements Schedule 5 

SCHEDULE 6 

Security Instruments 

1. 

That certain Open-End Multifamily Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and
Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated as of June 27, 2014 (as amended by that certain Amendment to Open-End Multifamily Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and
Fixture Filing dated as of October 2, 2023), by Triad II to and for the benefit of Berkadia; 

2. 

That certain Open-End Multifamily Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and
Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated as of June 15, 2016 (as amended by that certain Amendment to Open-End Multifamily Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and
Fixture Filing dated as of October 2, 2023), by Triad II to and for the benefit of Berkadia; 

3. 

That certain Open-End Multifamily Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and
Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated as of June 27, 2014 (as amended by that certain Amendment to Open-End Multifamily Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and
Fixture Filing dated as of October 2, 2023), by Triad IV to and for the benefit of Berkadia; 

4. 

That certain Open-End Multifamily Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and
Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated as of June 15, 2016 (as amended by that certain Amendment to Open-End Multifamily Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and
Fixture Filing dated as of October 2, 2023), by Triad IV to and for the benefit of Berkadia; 

5. 

That certain Open-End Multifamily Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and
Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated as of December 15, 2016 (as amended by that certain Amendment to Open-End Multifamily Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and
Fixture Filing dated as of September 29, 2023), by CSL Levis Commons to and for the benefit of Wells Fargo; 

6. 

That certain Open-End Multifamily Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and
Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated as of March 5, 2015 (as amended by that certain Amendment to Open-End Multifamily Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and
Fixture Filing dated as of September 29, 2023), by CSL Levis Commons to and for the benefit of Wells Fargo; 

7. 

That certain Open-End Multifamily Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and
Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated as of June 30, 2014 (as amended by that certain Amendment to Open-End Multifamily Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement and
Fixture Filing dated as of September 29, 2023), by CSL Miami to and for the benefit of Wells Fargo; and 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements Schedule 6 

8. 

That certain Open-End Multifamily Mortgage, Assignment of Leases and
Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated as of November 2, 2016, by CSL Cincinnati to and for the benefit of Berkadia. 

Omnibus Amendment to

Multifamily Loan
and Security Agreements Schedule 6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d861110dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Sonida Announces Latest Asset Acquisition and 

Closing of Fannie Mae Maturity Modifications 

Completes purchase of recently built senior living community in Cincinnati for $16.3 million with favorable financing terms 

Brings total 2024 acquired properties to 20 and total operating portfolio to 94 communities 

Completes previously disclosed Fannie Mae loan modification extending maturities on $220 million 

of mortgage loans from December 2026 to January 2029 

DALLAS, Texas January 6, 2025, Sonida Senior Living, Inc. (Sonida or the Company) (NYSE: SNDA), a leading owner, operator
and investor in senior living communities, announced today the closing of its latest acquisition, as the Company continues to execute on its inorganic, accretive growth strategy, which aims to further expand and upgrade its portfolio to fully
leverage operating scale and efficiencies. 

Sonida ended the year with two additional transactions further positioning the company for success in
2025 and beyond. The Company continues to execute on its growth strategy through creative deal structuring and expansion of its best-in-class operating platform to
aggressively and strategically invest in high-quality communities at exceptionally attractive valuations, said Brandon Ribar, President and Chief Executive Officer. With significant operational upside remaining in our current portfolio,
a strong pipeline, and no material debt maturities on the horizon, we look forward to delivering on our commitment to accretive and sustainable growth with resident care and service at the center of our efforts. 

Capital Allocation Senior Housing Community Acquisition in the Midwest 

On December 31, 2024, the Company finalized the acquisition of a single senior living community located in Cincinnati, OH. Construction on the upscale and
amenitized asset was completed in 2021; however, the community never opened due to foreclosure on the construction borrower. Sonidas purchase price of $16.3 million, or approximately $198,000 per unit, reflects a significant discount to
the original total construction cost, aligning with Sonidas focus on acquiring high quality real estate at meaningful discounts to replacement cost. 

The community is strategically situated directly adjacent to Sonidas existing Wellington at North Bend Crossing community
(Wellington), a highly occupied and high-performing asset. The new propertys 82 units (50 Assisted Living / 32 Memory Care) when combined with the Wellingtons existing footprint, creates a unique densification opportunity for
Sonida. The two-asset campus with 203 units collectively, will provide a full continuum of care and broader range of services to residents, further leveraging operating scale through cost
efficiencies in an attractive and under-supplied market. Consistent with the Companys strategy of regional densification, the acquisition brings Sonidas greater Cincinnati portfolio total to five assets. 

Sonida funded the transaction with $18.25 million of seller-financing, including $2.0 million for capital expenditure investment into the facility
(i.e. primarily FFE), which is expected to be utilized prior to the targeted mid-2025 opening. The non-recourse mortgage carries an
84-month term and 24-month interest waiver to support lease-up and stabilization, with a 3% fixed interest-only rate thereafter.

Proactive Debt Management Completed Fannie Mae Loan Extension 

In December 2024, the Company consummated the previously announced maturity extension of 18 individual mortgages (representing $220.1 million of debt
outstanding as of September 30, 2024) from December 1, 2026 to January 1, 2029. As part of the modification, the Company funded a $2 million principal paydown at closing and will fund three additional principal paydowns in
November 2025 ($2 million), November 2026 ($3 million) and November 2027 ($3 million). The mortgages, which are interest-rate only through maturity, carry a blended interest rate of 4.35% which will remain unchanged for the duration of the loans. As
a result of this extension, the Company has no significant debt maturities until 2027. 

Safe Harbor 

The forward-looking statements in this press release, including, but not limited to, statements relating to the Companys acquisitions, are subject to
certain risks and uncertainties that could cause the Companys actual results and financial condition to differ materially, including, but not limited to the Companys ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions; the
impact of such acquisitions on the Companys business, including our ability to successfully implement integration strategies or achieve expected synergies and operating efficiencies; any legal proceedings that may be brought related to such
acquisitions; our projections related to said acquisitions may not materialize as expected; and other risks and factors identified from time to time in the Companys reports filed with the SEC, including the Companys ability to generate
sufficient cash flows from operations, proceeds from equity issuances and debt financings, and proceeds from the sale of assets to satisfy its short- and long-term debt obligations and to fund the Companys acquisitions and capital improvement
projects to expand, redevelop, and/or reposition its senior living communities; increases in market interest rates that increase the cost of certain of our debt obligations; increased competition for, or a shortage of, skilled workers, including due
to general labor market conditions, along with wage pressures resulting from such increased competition, low unemployment levels, use of contract labor, minimum wage increases and/or changes in overtime laws; the Companys ability to obtain
additional capital on terms acceptable to it; the Companys ability to extend or refinance its existing debt as such debt matures; the Companys compliance with its debt agreements, including certain financial covenants, and the risk of
cross-default in the event such non-compliance occurs; the Companys ability to complete acquisitions and dispositions upon favorable terms or at all, including the possibility that the expected benefits
and our projections related to such acquisitions may not materialize as expected; the risk of oversupply and increased competition in the markets which the Company operates; the Companys ability to improve and maintain controls over financial
reporting and remediate the identified material weakness discussed in its recent Quarterly and Annual Reports filed with the SEC; the cost and difficulty of complying with applicable licensure, legislative oversight, or regulatory changes; risks
associated with current global economic conditions and general economic factors such as inflation, the consumer price index, commodity costs, fuel and other energy costs, competition in the labor market, costs of salaries, wages, benefits, and
insurance, interest rates, and tax rates; the impact from or the potential emergence and effects of a future epidemic, pandemic, outbreak of infectious disease or other health crisis; and changes in accounting principles and interpretations. 

About Sonida 

Dallas-based Sonida Senior Living, Inc. is a leading owner, operator and investor in independent living, assisted living and memory care communities and
services for senior adults. The Company provides compassionate, resident-centric services and care as well as engaging programming operating 94 senior housing communities in 20 states with an aggregate capacity of over 10,000 residents, including 81
communities which the Company owns (including eight communities in which the Company owns varying interests through two separate joint ventures), and 13 communities that the Company manages on behalf of a third-party. 

For more information, visit www.sonidaseniorliving.com or connect with the Company on Facebook, X or LinkedIn. 

Investor Relations 

Jason Finkelstein 

IGNITION IR 

ir@sonidaliving.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>snda-20241231.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>snda-20241231_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>snda-20241231_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Dec. 31, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001043000

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Dec. 31, 2024

Entity Registrant Name Sonida Senior Living, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 1-13445

Entity Tax Identification Number 75-2678809

Entity Address, Address Line One 14755 Preston Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 810

Entity Address, City or Town Dallas

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75254

City Area Code (972)

Local Phone Number 770-5600

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock

Trading Symbol SNDA

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.sonidaseniorliving.com//20241231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d861110d8k.htm 
snda-20241231.xsd 
snda-20241231_lab.xml 
snda-20241231_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-002203-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d861110d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001043000 

2024-12-31 
2024-12-31 

false 
0001043000 
8-K 
2024-12-31 
Sonida Senior Living, Inc. 
DE 
1-13445 
75-2678809 
14755 Preston Road 
Suite 810 
Dallas 
TX 
75254 
(972) 
770-5600 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
SNDA 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>