<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-005031.txt : 20250121
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-005031.hdr.sgml : 20250121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250121163026
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-005031
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		26
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250114
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ribbon Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002035016
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42474
		FILM NUMBER:		25542868

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CENTRAL PARK TWR LATOUR SHINJUKU RM 3001
		STREET 2:		6-15-1 NISHI SHINJUKU, SHINJUKU-KU
		CITY:			TOKYO
		STATE:			M0
		ZIP:			160-0023
		BUSINESS PHONE:		819085083462

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CENTRAL PARK TWR LATOUR SHINJUKU RM 3001
		STREET 2:		6-15-1 NISHI SHINJUKU, SHINJUKU-KU
		CITY:			TOKYO
		STATE:			M0
		ZIP:			160-0023
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0227750-8k_ribbon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000203501600-000000000020350162025-01-142025-01-140002035016RIBBU:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValuePerShareAndOneRightMember2025-01-142025-01-140002035016RIBBU:OrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-01-142025-01-140002035016RIBBU:RightsEachEntitlingHolderToReceiveOneseventh17OfOneOrdinaryShareMember2025-01-142025-01-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

United
States

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

January 14, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

RIBBON ACQUISITION CORP

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42474 n/a

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

Central Park Tower LaTour Shinjuku Room 3001

6-15-1 Nishi Shinjuku, Shinjuku-ku Tokyo160-0023

Japan 160-0023

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: +819085083462

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value per share, and one Right RIBBU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class A Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share RIBB The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Rights, each entitling the holder to receive one-seventh (1/7) of one Class A ordinary share RIBBR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

On January 14, 2025,
the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-281806) (the Registration Statement) relating to the initial
public offering (IPO) of Ribbon Acquisition Corp (the Company) was declared effective by the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

On January 14,
2025, the Company consummated the IPO of 5,000,000 units (the Public
Units). Each Public Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value US$0.0001 per share
(Ordinary Share) and one right to receive one-seventh (1/7) of one
Ordinary Share upon the consummation of an initial business combination (Right).
The Public Units were sold at an offering price of $10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of $50,000,000. The Company
granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 750,000 additional Public Units to cover over-allotments, if any. The
closing of the IPO was on January 16, 2025.

In connection with the
IPO, the Company entered into the following agreements, forms of which were previously filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement:

an Underwriting Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, by and between the Company and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, as representative of the underwriters named therein, which contains customary representations and warranties and indemnification of the underwriter by the Company;

a Rights Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, by and between the Company and Odyssey Trust Company which provides for, among other things, the form and provisions of the Rights, the terms upon which they shall be issued, and the respective rights, limitation of rights, and immunities of the Company, the Rights Agent, and the holders of the Rights;

Letter Agreements, dated January 14, 2025, by and between the Company
and Ribbon Investment Company Ltd (the Sponsor) and each of the officers and directors of the Company, respectively,
pursuant to which the Sponsor and each officer and director of the Company has agreed to vote any ordinary shares held by him, her
or it in favor of the Companys initial business combination; to facilitate the liquidation and winding up of the Company if
an initial business combination is not consummated within 12 months from the closing of the IPO; to certain transfer restrictions
with respect to the Companys securities; to certain indemnification obligations of the Sponsor; and the Company has agreed
not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of the
Sponsor;

an Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, by and among the Company and Odyssey Trust Company, as trustee, which establishes the trust account that will hold the net proceeds of the IPO and certain of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Units, and sets forth the responsibilities of the trustee; the procedures for withdrawal and direction of funds from the trust account; and indemnification of the trustee by the Company under the agreement;

a Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 14, 2025 by and among the Company and the Sponsor which provides for customary registration rights for the Sponsor; 

a Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Sponsor agrees to purchase 220,000 units (or up to 235,000 units if the over-allotment options of the IPO is exercised in part or in full) at $10.00 per unit in a private placement;

an Administrative Service Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Sponsor has agreed to make available office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative services, as may be required by the Company from time to time, for $10,000 per month until the earlier of the Companys completion of its initial business combination or liquidation.; and

Indemnification Agreements, dated January 14, 2025, by and between the Company and each of the officers and directors of the Company.

The above descriptions
are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the applicable agreement, each of which is incorporated by reference
herein and filed herewith as Exhibits 1.1, 4.1, 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4, 10.5, 10.6 and 10.7, respectively.

1

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

Simultaneously with the
closing of the IPO on January 16, 2025, the Company consummated the private placement (Private Placement) with Ribbon
Investment Company Ltd, its Sponsor, of 220,000 units (the Private Units) at a price of $10.00 per Private Unit,
generating total gross proceeds of $2,200,000.

The Private Units
are identical to the Public Units sold in the IPO. except with respect to certain registration rights and transfer restrictions The
Sponsor agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except in limited circumstances,
as described in the Registration Statement) until the completion of the Companys initial business combination. The Sponsor
was also granted certain demand and piggyback registration rights in connection with the purchase of the Private Units.

The Private Units were
issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the transaction did not involve a public offering. No
underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to the Private Placement.

Item
5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

Effective
on January 14, 2025, in connection with the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, Mr. James Zhao-Hui Zhang, Mr. Kani Chen and
Mr. Jon Nathan Miller became directors of the Company.

The board
has determined that each of Mr. James Zhao-Hui Zhang, Mr. Kani Chen and Mr. Jon Nathan Miller are independent directors under the requirements
of the Nasdaq listing standards and under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act), and has determined that Mr.
James Zhao-Hui Zhang, qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation
S-K under the Exchange Act. Mr. James Zhao-Hui Zhang, Mr. Kani Chen and Mr. Jon Nathan Miller serve as members of the audit committee,
the corporate governance and nominating committee, and the compensation committee. Mr. James Zhao-Hui Zhang is the chairperson of the
audit committee, Mr. Jon Nathan Miller is the chairperson of the corporate governance and nominating committee, and Mr. Jon Nathan Miller
is the chairperson of the compensation committee.

The Company
will reimburse the officers and directors for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with certain activities
on the Companys behalf, such as identifying and investigating possible target businesses and business combinations.

Other than
as set forth in Item 1.01 and above, none of the directors are party to any arrangement or understanding with any person pursuant to which
they were appointed as directors, nor are they party to any transactions required to be disclosed under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K
involving the Company.

Item
5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On January 14, 2025, and in connection with the IPO, the Company adopted
its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. A copy of the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association is attached as Exhibit 3.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein.

2

Item 8.01 Other Events.

As of January 16,
2025, a total of $50,000,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement were deposited in a trust account
established for the benefit of the Companys public stockholders, with Odyssey Trust Company acting as trustee. An audited
balance sheet as of January 16, 2025 reflecting receipt of the proceeds upon consummation of the IPO and the Private Placement will
be filed within four business days of the consummation of the IPO.

On January 14, 2025
the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the IPO, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report
on Form 8-K.

On January 16, 2025,
the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the IPO, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report
on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description 

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, by and between the Company and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, as representative of the underwriters named therein

3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association

4.1 Rights Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, by and between the Company and Odyssey Trust Company

10.1 Letter Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, by and between the Company and each of the officers and directors of the Company

10.2 Letter Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, by and between the Company and Ribbon Investment Company Ltd

10.3 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, by and among the Company and Odyssey Trust Company

10.4 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, by and among the Company, Ribbon Investment Company Ltd and each of the officers and directors of the Company

10.5 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, by and between the Company and Ribbon Investment Company Ltd. 

10.6 Administrative Service Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, by and between the Company and Ribbon Investment Company Ltd

10.7 Form of Indemnification Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, by and between the Company and each of the officers and directors of the Company

99.1 Press Release, dated January 14, 2025

99.2 Press Release, dated January 16, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: January 21, 2025

Ribbon Acquisition Corp

By: /s/ Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Name: Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022775001ex1-1_ribbon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 14, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND A.G.P./ALLIANCE GLOBAL PARTNERS, AS REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNDERWRITERS NAMED THEREIN
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

5,000,000 Units

RIBBON
ACQUISITION CORP

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

New York, New York

January 14, 2025

A.G.P./ Alliance Global Partners

590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor, New York, NY 10022

As Representative of the Underwriters

named on Schedule A hereto

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Ribbon Acquisition Corp, a
Cayman Islands exempted company with limited liability (the Company), hereby confirms its agreement with A.G.P./Alliance
Global Partners (the Representative) and with the other underwriters named on Schedule A hereto
(if any), for which the Representative is acting as the representative (the Representative and such other underwriters being collectively
referred to herein as the Underwriters or, each underwriter individually, an Underwriter):

1. Purchase
and Sale of Securities.

1.1. Units.

1.1.1. Purchase of
Units. On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth,
the Company agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, severally and not jointly, an aggregate of 5,000,000 units of the Company
(the Firm Units) at a purchase price (net of the Upfront Underwriting Commission as described in Section 1.6(a) and
the Deferred Underwriting Commission as described in Section 1.6(c)) of $9.40 per Firm Unit. Each Firm Unit consists of (i) one Class
A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value per share (the Ordinary Shares), and (ii) one right to receive one-seventh (1/7)
of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination (the Rights). The Ordinary
Shares and Rights included in the Firm Units will not be separately tradable until 52 days after the date of the final Prospectus (as
defined below) unless the Representative informs the Company of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to the Company
filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) containing an audited
balance sheet reflecting the Companys receipt of the gross proceeds of the Offering (defined below) and the sale of the Private
Units (defined below) and issuing a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. The Underwriters, severally and not
jointly, agree to purchase from the Company the number of Firm Units set forth opposite their respective names on Schedule A.
The Firm Units are to be offered initially to the public (the Offering) at the offering price of $10.00 per Firm
Unit (the Public Offering Price). The Firm Units, Option Units (defined below) and Private Units (defined below),
each comprising one Ordinary Share and one Right collectively comprise the units to be offered by the Company pursuant to this Agreement
(the Units), and the Firm Units and Option Units are referred to as Public Units.

1.1.2. Payment
and Delivery. Delivery and payment for the Firm Units shall be made at 10:00 A.M., New York time, on the first (1st) Business
Day (as defined below) following the commencement of trading of the Firm Units, or at such other time as shall be agreed upon by the
Representative and the Company at the offices of the Representative or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the
Representative and the Company. The closing of the Offering is referred to herein as the Closing and the hour
and date of delivery and payment for the Firm Units is referred to herein as the Closing Date. Payment for the
Firm Units shall be made on the Closing Date through the facilities of Depository Trust Company (DTC) by wire
transfer in Federal (same day) funds, payable as follows: $50,000,000 of the gross proceeds
from the Offering, which includes the $2,000,000 (or $2,300,000 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full)
Deferred Underwriting Commission, shall be deposited into the trust account (the Trust Account) established by the
Company for the benefit of the Public Shareholders (as defined below), as described in the Registration Statement (as defined in Section
2.1.1 below) and pursuant to the terms of an Investment Management Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement) between
the Company, Odyssey Trust Company substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, along with such portion
of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Private Units (as defined in Section 1.4.2) in order for the initial funds in the Trust Account
to equal the product of the number of Public Units sold and the Public Offering Price. Such funds shall be deposited into the Trust Account,
upon delivery of certificates (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Firm Units (or through
the facilities of the DTC for the account of the Representative). The funds deposited in the Trust Account shall be disbursed upon the
earlier of: (i) the closing of the Business Combination (as defined in Section 1.4.1), or (ii) that the Company fails to complete its
initial Business Combination within 12 months from the Closing Date (or such longer period that may be extended through a shareholder
approval), unless otherwise described in the Trust Agreement. The Firm Units shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized
denominations as the Representative may request in writing at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Closing Date. The Company will
permit the Representative to examine and package the Firm Units for delivery at least one (1) full Business Day prior to the Closing Date.
The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Firm Units except upon tender of payment by the Representative for all the Firm
Units. As used herein, the term Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial
banks in New York, New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks
shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place,
non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the
direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial
banks in New York, New York are generally open for use by customers on such day, and the term Public Shareholders
means the holders of Ordinary Shares sold in the Offering or acquired in the aftermarket, including any of the Insiders (as defined in
Section 1.4.1 below) to the extent they acquire such Ordinary Shares in the Offering or in the aftermarket (and solely with respect to
such shares).

1.2. Over-Allotment Option

1.2.1. The Representative
shall have the option (the Over-Allotment Option) to purchase all or less than all of an additional 750,000 Units
(the Option Units) at $9.40 per Option Unit (net of the Upfront Underwriting Commission as described in Section 1.6(a)
and the Deferred Underwriting Commission as described in Section 1.6(c)) solely for the purposes of covering any over-allotments in connection
with the distribution and sale of the Firm Units. Such Option Units shall, at the Representatives election, be purchased for each
account of the several Underwriters in the same proportion as the number of Firm Units set forth opposite such Underwriters name
on Schedule A hereto (subject to adjustment by the Representative to eliminate fractions). Such Option Units shall be
identical in all respects to the Firm Units. The Firm Units, the Option Units, and the Ordinary Shares and Rights included in the Firm
Units and the Option Units are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Public Securities. No Option Units shall
be sold or delivered unless the Firm Units previously have been, or simultaneously are, sold and delivered. The right to purchase the
Option Units, or any portion thereof, may be exercised from time to time and to the extent not previously exercised may be surrendered
and terminated at any time upon notice by the Representative to the Company.

2

1.2.2. Exercise
of Option. The Over-Allotment Option granted pursuant to Section 1.2.1 may be exercised by the Representative as to all (at any
time) or any part (from time to time) of the Option Units within forty-five (45) days after the Effective Date (as defined in
Section 2.1). The Representative will not be under any obligation to purchase any Option Units prior to the exercise of the
Over-Allotment Option. The Over-Allotment Option granted hereby may be exercised by the giving of written notice to the Company by
the Representative, which must be confirmed in writing in accordance with Section 10.1 herein setting forth the number of Option
Units to be purchased and the date and time for delivery of and payment for the Option Units, if other than the Closing Date (the
Option Closing Date), which shall not be earlier than the Closing Date or be later than ten (10) full Business
Days after the date of the notice or such other time as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative, at the offices
of the Representative or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative. Upon exercise of the
Over-Allotment Option, the Company will become obligated to convey to the Representative, and, subject to the terms and conditions
set forth herein, the Representative will become obligated to purchase, the number of Option Units specified in such notice.

1.2.3. Payment and
Delivery. Payment for the Option Units shall be made on the Option Closing Date at the Representatives election by wire transfer
in Federal (same day) funds, payable as follows: $9.80 per Option Unit (which includes $0.40 per Option Unit of Deferred Underwriting
Commission) shall be deposited in the Trust Account pursuant to the Trust Agreement, along with such portion of the gross proceeds of
the sale of Private Units, in order for the initial funds in the Trust Account to equal the product of the number of Public Units sold
and the Public Offering Price, upon delivery of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) representing the
Option Unit (or through the facilities of DTC) for the account of the Representative. The certificates representing the Option Units to
be delivered will be in such denominations and registered in such names as the Representative requests in writing not less than two full
business days prior to the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, and will be made available to the Representative
for inspection, checking and packaging at the aforesaid office of the Companys transfer agent or correspondent not less than one
full business day prior to such Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Option Units except upon tender
of payment by the Representative for the applicable Option Units.

1.3. [Reserved.]

1.4. Private Placements.

1.4.1. In August 2024, the
Company issued an aggregate of 1,437,500 Class B ordinary shares to Ribbon Investment Company Ltd (the Sponsor) for
an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.017 per share, including an aggregate of up to 187,500 shares subject to forfeiture
by the Sponsor to the extent that the Underwriters Over-Allotment Option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor
will own 20% of the Companys issued and outstanding shares after the Offering (assuming the Sponsor does not purchase any Public
Units in the Offering and without giving effect to the Private Shares (as defined below) (the Founder Shares). No
underwriting discounts, commissions or placement fees have been or will be payable in connection with the sale of the Founder Shares.
The Founder Shares shall be subject to restrictions on transfer as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Letter Agreements (as
defined in Section 2.24.1). The holders of the Founder Shares (i) shall have no right to any liquidation distributions with respect to
any portion of the Founder Shares in the event the Company fails to consummate any proposed initial merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (Business
Combination) within the required time period except with respect to any funds held outside of the Trust Account remaining after
payment of all fees and expenses, (ii) shall not be entitled to exercise any redemption rights with respect to such Founder Shares and
(iii) shall not be entitled to sell any such shares to the Company in any tender offer in connection with a proposed Business Combination.
To the extent that the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised by the Underwriters in full or in part, up to 187,500 of the Founder Shares
shall be forfeited in an amount necessary to maintain the holders of Founder Shares 20% ownership interest in the issued and outstanding
shares of the Company after giving effect to the Offering and exercise, if any, of the Underwriters Over-Allotment Option (excluding
any shares purchased in the Offering, any Private Shares (as defined below) purchased in the Private Placement by the Sponsor or the Companys
officers, directors or their affiliates (Insiders)).

1.4.2. Simultaneously with
the Closing Date, the Sponsor will purchase from the Company pursuant to the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement (as defined in
Section 2.24.2 below) an aggregate of 220,000 Units (or 235,000 Units if the Over-Allotment Option is exercised in full, or such number
of Units such that at least $10.00 per Public Unit sold is held in the Trust Account) (the Private Units), each consisting
of one Ordinary Share (the Private Shares) and one Right (the Private Right and together with
the Private Units and Private Shares, the Private Securities), at a purchase price of $10.00 per Private Unit in
a private placement (the Private Placement) intended to be exempt from registration under Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Act). The terms of the Private Units, Private Shares and Private Rights are as described in the Prospectus
(as defined in Section 2.1.1 below). No underwriting discounts, commissions or placement fees have been or will be payable in connection
with the Private Placement.

3

1.5. Working Capital; Trust Account Proceeds.

1.5.1. Working Capital.
Upon consummation of the Offering, it is intended that approximately $520,000 of the proceeds from the sale of the Firm Units and Private
Units will be released to the Company to fund the working capital requirements of the Company.

1.5.2. Trust Account
Proceeds. Prior to the liquidation of the Trust Account, in the event the Company has not completed a Business Combination as required
by its Charter Documents (as defined in Section 2.11 below) (the Termination Date), interest income on the funds
held in the Trust Account may be released to the Company from the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement to
pay any taxes incurred by the Company and up to $100,000 of accrued interest to pay dissolution costs and expenses, all as more fully
described in the Prospectus.

1.6. Underwriter
Compensation. In consideration of the services to be provided for hereunder, the Company shall pay to the Representative or its designees
an underwriting compensation equal to six percent (6%) of the gross proceeds of the Offering and the Over-Allotment Option as follows:

(a) the Company shall pay, in cash,
to the Representative or its designees an underwriting discount equal to 2.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds of the Firm Units on the
Closing Date and 2.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds of the Option Units on the Option Closing Date (the Upfront Underwriting
Commission);

(b) The Underwriters agree that 4.0%
of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Firm Units ($2,000,000) and 4.0% of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Option Units (up
to $2,300,000 in aggregate if the Over-Allotment Option is exercised in full) (the Deferred Underwriting Commission)
will be deposited in and held in the Trust Account and payable directly from the Trust Account, without accrued interest, to the Representative
for its own account upon closing of the Business Combination. The Deferred Underwriting Commission is due and payable only to the Representative
and /or its designee. For avoidance of doubt, the Deferred Underwriting Commission will be calculated on the basis of and paid out of
funds available in the Trust Account after payments made out of Trust Account to honor redemption rights of the Public Shareholders. In
the event that the Company is unable to consummate a Business Combination and Odyssey, as the trustee of the Trust Account (in this context,
the Trustee), commences liquidation of the Trust Account as provided in the Trust Agreement, Representative on behalf
of itself and the Underwriters agrees that: (i) it shall forfeit any rights or claims to the Deferred Underwriting Commission, including
any accrued interest thereon; and (ii) the Deferred Underwriting Commission, together with all other amounts on deposit in the Trust Account,
shall be distributed on a pro-rata basis among the Public Shareholders. The Representative shall have the right to agree to any further
modifications to the Deferred Underwriting Commission on behalf of the Underwriters and any decisions relating to such modifications shall
be made exclusively by the Representative on behalf of the Underwriters. Representative on behalf of itself and the Underwriters further
agrees that the Deferred Underwriting Commission will be calculated on the basis of and paid out of funds available in the Trust Account
after payments made out of Trust Account to honor redemption rights of the Public Shareholders. For the avoidance of doubt, the obligations
of each Underwriter under this Agreement shall be fully satisfied upon the payment of the purchase price for the Public Securities purchased
by such Underwriter on the Closing Date or Option Closing Date without any further conditions.

4

2. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as follows:

2.1. Filing of Registration Statement.

2.1.1. Pursuant
to the Act. The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a
registration statement and an amendment or amendments thereto, on Form S-1 (File No. 333-281806) providing for the registration
under the Act, of the Public Securities, including any related preliminary prospectus (the Preliminary
Prospectus, including any prospectus that is included in the registration statement immediately prior to the
effectiveness of the registration statement), which registration statement and amendment or amendments have been prepared by the
Company in conformity with the requirements of the Act, and the rules and regulations (the Regulations) of the
Commission under the Act. Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration statement, as amended, on file with the
Commission at the time the registration statement became effective (Effective Date) (including the prospectus,
financial statements, schedules, exhibits and all other documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated therein and all
information deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430A of the Regulations), is hereinafter called the
Registration Statement, and the form of the final prospectus dated the Effective Date included in the
Registration Statement (or, if applicable, the form of final prospectus containing information permitted to be omitted at the time
of effectiveness by Rule 430A of the Regulations, filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 of the Regulations),
is hereinafter called the Prospectus. For purposes of this Agreement, Time of Sale, as
used in the Act, means 5:00 p.m. New York City time, on the date of this Agreement. Prior to the Time of Sale, the Company prepared
a Preliminary Prospectus, which was included in the Registration Statement filed on January 8, 2025, for distribution by the
Underwriter (such Preliminary Prospectus used most recently prior to the Time of Sale, the Statutory
Prospectus). If the Company has filed a Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Act registering
additional securities (a Rule 462(b) Registration Statement), then, unless otherwise specified, any reference
herein to the term Registration Statement shall be deemed to include such 462(b) Registration Statement. Other than a
Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, which becomes effective upon filing, no other document with respect to the Registration
Statement has been filed with the Commission. All of the Public Securities have been or will be registered under the Act pursuant to
the Registration Statement. The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof. If,
subsequent to the date of this Agreement, the Company or the Representative has determined that at the Time of Sale the Statutory
Prospectus included an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted a statement of material fact necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and have agreed to provide an opportunity to
purchasers of the Firm Units to terminate their old purchase contracts and enter into new purchase contracts, then the Statutory
Prospectus will be deemed to include any additional information available to purchasers at the time of entry into the first such new
purchase contract. The registration of the Public Securities under the Act has been declared effective by the Commission on the date
hereof.

2.1.2. Pursuant to
the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File Number 001-42167) providing
for the registration under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of the Public Securities.
The registration of the Public Securities under the Exchange Act has been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof.

2.2. No Stop Orders,
etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, any federal or state regulatory authority has issued any order
or threatened to issue any order preventing or suspending the use of any Statutory Prospectus or Prospectus or has instituted or, to the
Companys knowledge, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

5

2.3. Disclosures in Registration Statement.

2.3.1. 10b-5
Representation. At the time of effectiveness of the Registration Statement (or at the effective time of any post-effective
amendment to the Registration Statement) and at all times subsequent thereto up to the Closing Date, the Registration Statement, the
Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus contained or will contain all material statements that are required to be stated therein in
accordance with the Act and the Regulations, and did or will, in all material respects, conform to the requirements of the Act and
the Regulations. On the Effective Date and at the Time of Sale, the Registration Statement did not, and on the Closing Date it will
not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein not misleading; on the date of any filing pursuant to Rule 424(b) and on the Closing Date, the
Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto) will not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading; and at the Time of Sale, the Statutory Prospectus does not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading; provided, however, that the representation and warranty made in this Section 2.3.1 does not apply to statements made
or statements omitted in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the
Underwriters by the Underwriters expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus or Prospectus or any
amendment thereof or supplement thereto, which information, it is agreed, shall consist solely of the names of the Underwriters and
the subsection titled Selling Restrictions included in the section captioned Underwriting.

2.3.2. Disclosure
of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus conform
to the descriptions thereof contained therein in all material respects and there are no agreements or other documents required to be described
in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration
Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which
the Company is a party or by which its property or business is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration
Statement or attached as an exhibit thereto, or (ii) is material to the Companys business, has been duly and validly executed by
the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge,
the other parties thereto, in all material respects in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification
or contribution provision may be limited under the foreign, federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance
and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before
which any proceeding therefor may be brought, and none of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company, and neither
the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any other party is in breach or default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge,
no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a breach or default thereunder.
To the Companys knowledge, performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result
in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic
or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses, including, without limitation, those relating to
environmental laws and regulations.

2.3.3. Prior Securities
Transactions. No securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit of, any person
or persons controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Company since the date of the Companys incorporation, except
as disclosed in the Registration Statement.

2.3.4. Regulations.
The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus concerning the effects of foreign, federal,
state and local regulation on the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and do not omit
to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.

2.4. Changes after Dates in Registration
Statement.

2.4.1. No Material
Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus
and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein: (i) there has been no material adverse change in the condition, financial
or otherwise, or business prospects of the Company; (ii) there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company, other than
as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement; (iii) no member of the Companys board of directors or management has resigned from
any position with the Company; and (iv) no event or occurrence has taken place which materially impairs, or would likely materially impair,
with the passage of time, the ability of the members of the Companys board of directors or management to act in their capacities
with the Company as described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus.

6

2.4.2. Recent Securities
Transactions, etc. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Statutory
Prospectus and the Prospectus and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or therein, the Company has not: (i) issued
any securities or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend
or made any other distribution on or in respect to its shares.

2.5. Independent
Accountants. Audit Alliance LLP (the Accountant), whose report is filed with the Commission as part of the
Registration Statement and included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, is an independent
registered public accounting firm as required by the Act, the Regulations and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the
PCAOB), including the rules and regulations promulgated by such entity. To the Companys knowledge, the
Accountant is duly registered and in good standing with the PCAOB. The Accountant has not, during the periods covered by the
financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, provided to the Company
any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

2.6. Financial Statements; Statistical
Data.

2.6.1. Financial Statements.
The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus
and the Prospectus, fairly present in all material respects the financial position and the results of operations of the Company at the
dates and for the periods to which they apply; and such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United States generally
accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied throughout the periods involved; and the supporting schedules
included in the Registration Statement present fairly in all material respects the information required to be stated therein in conformity
with the Regulations. No other financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be included or incorporated by reference in
the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus. The Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus
disclose all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), and other relationships
of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material current or future effect on the Companys
financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, prospects, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources
or significant components of revenues or expenses. There are no pro forma or as adjusted financial statements which are required to be
included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus in accordance with Regulation S-X of the Regulations
which have not been included as so required.

2.6.2. Statistical
Data. The statistical, industry-related and market-related data included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and/or
the Prospectus, if any, are based on or derived from sources which the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and
accurate, and such data agree with the sources from which they are derived.

2.7. Authorized Capital;
Options, etc. The Company had at the date or dates indicated in each of the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus
and the Prospectus, as the case may be, duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement,
the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus. Based on the assumptions stated in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and
the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date the adjusted share capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in,
or contemplated by, the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, on the Effective Date and on the Closing
Date, there will be no options, warrants or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized, but unissued Ordinary Shares
or any security convertible into Ordinary Shares, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell Ordinary Shares or any such options,
warrants, rights or convertible securities.

7

2.8. Valid Issuance of Securities, etc.

2.8.1. Outstanding
Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid
and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights of rescission with respect thereto, and are not subject to personal liability
by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities were issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any holders of any
security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. The outstanding securities of the Company conform in all
material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus. All
offers, sales and any transfers of the outstanding securities of the Company were at all relevant times either registered under the Act
and the applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws (based in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of the Companys
securities) or exempt from such registration requirements. The Founder Shares have been duly authorized, duly and validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the
Founder Shares are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual
rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Founder
Shares has been duly and validly taken. The Founder Shares conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in
the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, as the case may be.

2.8.2. Securities to Be Sold.

2.8.2.1. The Public Securities
have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and when issued and paid for in accordance with this Agreement, will be validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders;
the Public Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar
contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the
Public Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Public Securities conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof
contained in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, as the case may be.

2.8.2.2. The Private Securities
have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and when issued and paid for in accordance with the Private Placement Units Purchase
Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability
by reason of being such holders; the Private Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any
security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization,
issuance and sale of the Private Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Private Securities conform in all material respects to
the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, as the case may be. The
offer and sale of the Private Securities was exempt from the registration requirements of the Act.

2.8.2.3. RESERVED.

2.8.3. No Integration.
Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates has, prior to the date hereof, made any offer or sale of any securities which are required
to be integrated pursuant to the Act or the Regulations with the offer and sale of the Public Securities pursuant to the
Registration Statement.

2.9. Registration
Rights of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, no holders
of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities of the Company have the
right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Act or to include any such securities in a registration
statement to be filed by the Company.

8

2.10. Validity and
Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement, the Letter Agreements, the Trust Agreement, the Founder Shares Subscription Agreement
(as defined in Section 2.24.2 below), the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement (as defined in Section 2.24.2 below), the Promissory
Note (as defined in Section 2.24.4), the Registration Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.24.5), the Administrative Service Agreement
(as defined in Section 2.24.6 below), and the Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.37) (collectively, the Transaction Documents)
have been duly and validly authorized by the Company and, when executed and delivered by the Company and the other parties thereto, will
constitute valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except:
(i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights
generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under foreign, federal and state securities
laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable
defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

2.11. No
Conflicts, etc. The execution, delivery, and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, the consummation by
the Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof
do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both: (i) result in a breach or violation of, or
conflict with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation, modification,
termination or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any
agreement, obligation, condition, covenant or instrument to which the Company is a party or bound or to which its property is
subject except pursuant to the Trust Agreement; (ii) result in any violation of the provisions of the Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, as amended (collectively, the Charter Documents); or
(iii) violate any existing applicable statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court,
domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties, business or assets.

2.12. No Defaults;
Violations. No material default or violation exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition of any
material license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument evidencing
an obligation for borrowed money, or any other material agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company
may be bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject. The Company is not in violation of any term or provision
of its Charter Documents or in violation of any franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment or decree of any
governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties or businesses.

2.13. Corporate Power; Licenses; Consents.

2.13.1. Conduct of
Business. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses,
certificates and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof to conduct its
business for the purposes described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus. The disclosures in the
Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus concerning the effects of foreign, federal, state and local regulation
on this Offering and the Companys business purpose as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and do not omit
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. Since its incorporation and except as described in the Registration Statement, the Company
has conducted no business and has incurred no liabilities other than in connection with its incorporation and in furtherance of the Offering.

2.13.2. Transactions
Contemplated Herein. The Company has all corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the provisions
and conditions hereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals and orders required in connection therewith have been obtained. No
consent, authorization or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or other body, foreign or domestic, is required for
the valid issuance, sale and delivery, of the Public Securities, Private Securities, Founder Shares and the consummation of the transactions
and agreements contemplated by the Transaction Documents and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and
Prospectus, except with respect to applicable foreign, federal and state securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated by
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA).

9

2.14. D&O Questionnaires.
To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires (the Questionnaires) completed
by each of the Companys officers, directors, 5% beneficial owners and owners of unregistered securities acquired within the past
180 days (the Respondents) immediately prior to the initial filing of the Registration Statement and provided to
the Representative, as such Questionnaires may have been updated from time to time and confirmed by each of the Respondents, is true and
correct in all material respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed in
the Questionnaires to become inaccurate and incorrect in any material respects.

2.15. Litigation;
Governmental Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation or governmental proceeding
pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against, or involving the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of
the Respondents or any of the Insiders, which has not been disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.16. Good Standing.
The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation and is in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction
of incorporation and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which
its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify would
not have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), prospects, earnings, business or properties of the Company,
whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, except as set forth in or contemplated in the Statutory
Prospectus and the Prospectus (exclusive of any supplement thereto) (a Material Adverse Effect).

2.17. No Contemplation
of a Business Combination. The Company does not have any specific Business Combination under consideration and it has not (nor has
anyone on its behalf), directly or indirectly, contacted any prospective business (each, a Target Business) or had
any substantive discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to such a transaction.

2.18. Transactions Affecting Disclosure
to FINRA.

2.18.1. To the Companys
knowledge, all information contained in the FINRA questionnaires (the FINRA Questionnaires) completed by each of
the Respondents and provided to the Representative, as such FINRA Questionnaires may have been updated from time to time and confirmed
by each of the Respondents, is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which
would cause the information disclosed in the FINRA Questionnaires to become materially inaccurate and incorrect.

2.18.2. Except as described
in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, there are no claims, payments, arrangements, agreements or
understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting or origination fee by the Company or any Company Affiliate (as
defined below) with respect to the sale of the Public Securities hereunder, the sale of the Private Securities or the Founder Shares,
or any other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any Insider that may affect
the Underwriters compensation, as determined by FINRA.

2.18.3. Except as described
herein or in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, and except for reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses,
the Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee,
consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who
raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) to any participating member, as defined in FINRA Rule 5110, with respect
to the Offering (Participating Member); or (iii) to any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation
or association with any Participating Member, within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement
with the Commission.

2.18.4. To the Companys
knowledge, no officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner of 5% or greater of any class of the Companys securities,
including the Insiders and holders of securities to be purchased in the Private Placement (whether debt or equity, registered or unregistered,
regardless of the time acquired or the source from which derived) (any such individual or entity, a Company Affiliate)
is a Participating Member, or a person associated or affiliated with a Participating Member.

2.18.5. To the Companys
knowledge, no Company Affiliate is an owner of stock or other securities of a Participating Member (other than securities purchased on
the open market).

10

2.18.6. To the Companys
knowledge, no Company Affiliate has made a subordinated loan to any Participating Member.

2.18.7. No proceeds from the
sale of the Public Securities or Private Securities (excluding underwriting compensation) will be paid to any Participating Member, or
any persons associated or affiliated with a Participating Member, except as specifically authorized herein.

2.18.8. The Company has not
issued any warrants or other securities, or granted any options, directly or indirectly to anyone who is a Participating Member within
the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement with the Commission, except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.18.9. To the Companys
knowledge, no person to whom securities of the Company have been privately issued within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing
date of the Registration Statement with the Commission has any relationship or affiliation or association with any Participating Member.

2.18.10. To the Companys
knowledge, except as described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, no Participating Member has
a conflict of interest (as defined by FINRA rules) with the Company.

2.18.11. Except with respect
to the Representative in connection with the Offering, the Company has not entered into any agreement or arrangement (including, without
limitation, any consulting agreement or any other type of agreement) during the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the
Registration Statement with the Commission that is currently in effect, which arrangement or agreement provides for the receipt of any
item of value and/or the transfer or issuance of any warrants, options, or other securities from the Company to a Participating Member,
any person associated with a Participating Member, any potential underwriters in the Offering and/or any related persons.

2.19. Taxes.

2.19.1. Except as described
in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, there are no transfer taxes or other similar fees or charges
under U.S. federal law or the laws of any U.S. state or any political subdivision thereof, required to be paid in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement or the issuance or sale by the Company of the Public Securities, or the Private Securities.

2.19.2. The Company has filed
all U.S. federal, state and local tax returns that are required to be a filed or has requested extensions thereof, except in any case
in which the failure to so file would not have a Material Adverse Effect, and has paid all taxes required to be paid by it and any other
assessment, fine or penalty levied against it, to the extent that any of the foregoing in due and payable, except for any such assessment,
fine or penalty that is currently being contested in good faith or as would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

2.20. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any of the Respondents or any other person acting on behalf
of the Company is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that: (i) would result in a violation by such persons of the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the FCPA) or otherwise
subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding; (ii) if not done in the
past, might reasonably be expected to have had a Material Adverse Effect or (iii) if not continued in the future, might reasonably be
expected to materially and adversely affect the assets, business or operations of the Company, including, without limitation, given or
agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business)
to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of any governmental agency or instrumentality
of any government (domestic or foreign) or any political party or candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or any political party or
candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder the business of the
Company (or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction). The Companys internal accounting controls and procedures
are sufficient to cause the Company to comply with the FCPA.

11

2.21. Currency and
Foreign Transactions Reporting Act. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in material compliance
with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transaction Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
the money laundering statutes of all applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules,
regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws)
and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened.

2.22. Bank Secrecy
Act; Money Laundering; Patriot Act. Neither the Company, nor to the Companys knowledge, any Company Affiliate, has violated:
(i) the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended, (ii) the Money Laundering Laws or (iii) the Uniting and Strengthening of America by Providing Appropriate
Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT ACT) Act of 2001, and/or the rules and regulations promulgated under any
such law, or any successor law.

2.23. Officers
Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to the Representative or to its counsel
shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby.

2.24. Agreements with Company Affiliates.

2.24.1. Letter Agreements.
The Company has caused to be duly executed legally binding and enforceable agreements (except (i) as such enforceability may be limited
by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification
contribution provision may be limited under foreign, federal and state securities laws, and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance
and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before
which any proceeding therefor may be brought) in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Letter Agreements),
pursuant to which each of the Insiders agrees to certain matters, including but not limited to, the transfer restrictions and voting of
the Ordinary Shares held by them and certain matters described as being agreed to by them under the Proposed Business section
of the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and Prospectus.

2.24.2. Subscription
Agreements. The Sponsor and the Company have executed and delivered a securities subscription agreement dated August 12, 2024, which
is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Founder Shares Subscription Agreement), pursuant to which
the Sponsor purchased the Founder Shares. The Sponsor has executed and delivered a private placement units purchase agreement, the form
of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement),
pursuant to which the Sponsor has agreed, among other things, that it will purchase on the Closing Date the Private Units in the Private
Placement. Pursuant to the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, the Sponsor has waived any and all rights and claims it may have
to any proceeds, and any interest thereon, held in the Trust Account in respect of the Ordinary Shares underlying the Private Units in
the event that a Business Combination is not consummated and the Trust Account is liquidated in accordance with the terms of the Trust
Agreement. The Sponsor has agreed not to transfer any ownership interest in, except to permitted transferees or in certain limited circumstances,
the Private Securities until the completion of the Business Combination.

2.24.3. Non-Competition/Solicitation.
To the Companys knowledge, no Respondent is subject to any non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer
or prior employer which could materially and adversely affect such Respondents ability to be and act in the capacity of a director
or officer of the Company, as applicable.

2.24.4. Loans.
The Sponsor has agreed to make loans to the Company in the aggregate amount of up to $300,000 pursuant to a promissory note dated August
13, 2024 (the Promissory Note), which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, and as described in
the Registration Statement (the Insider Loan). The Insider Loan will not bear any interest and will be repayable
by the Company on the consummation of the Offering.

12

2.24.5. Registration
Rights Agreement. The Company and the Insiders have entered into a registration rights agreement (Registration Rights Agreement)
substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, whereby such parties will be entitled to certain registration
rights with respect to their securities, as set forth in such Registration Rights Agreement and described more fully in the Registration
Statement.

2.24.6. Administrative
Services. The Company has entered into an administrative service agreement (Administrative Service Agreement)
with the Sponsor, substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, pursuant to which the Sponsor will make
available to the Company, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support for the Companys use for approximately $10,000 per month, for up to 12 months from the closing of this Offering.

2.25. Investment
Management Trust Agreement. The Company has entered into the Trust Agreement with respect to certain proceeds of the Offering
and the Private Placement substantially in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, pursuant to which the funds
held in the Trust Account may be released under limited circumstances. The Trust Agreement shall not be amended, modified or
otherwise changed in any way that modifies the rights or obligations of the Company in a manner that would materially and adversely
affect shareholders or the Representatives rights in the Trust Account without the prior written consent of the
Representative.

2.26. Investments.
No more than 45% of the value (as defined in Section 2(a)(41) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (Investment
Company Act)) of the Companys total assets (exclusive of cash items and Government Securities, as defined
in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act) consist of, and no more than 45% of the Companys net income after taxes is derived
from, securities other than Government Securities.

2.27. Investment
Company Act. The Company is not required, and upon the issuance and sale of the Public Securities as herein contemplated and the application
of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the Prospectus will not be required, to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act.

2.28. Subsidiaries.
The Company does not own an interest in any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other business
entity.

2.29. Related Party
Transactions. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among any of the Company or any Company Affiliate, on the one
hand, and any director, officer, customer or supplier of the Company or any Company Affiliate, on the other hand, which is required by
the Act, the Exchange Act or the Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus,
which is not so described as required. There are no outstanding loans, advances or guarantees of indebtedness by the Company to or for
the benefit of any of the officers or directors of the Company or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus. The Company has not extended or maintained credit, arranged for the extension
of credit, or renewed an extension of credit, in the form of a personal loan to or for any director or officer of the Company.

2.30. No Influence.
The Company has not offered, or caused the Underwriters to offer, the Firm Units to any person or entity with the intention of unlawfully
influencing: (a) a customer or supplier of the Company or any affiliate of the Company to alter the customers or suppliers
level or type of business with the Company or such affiliate or (b) a journalist or publication to write or publish favorable information
about the Company or any such affiliate.

2.31. [Reserved]

2.32. Nasdaq Eligibility.
As of the Effective Date, the Public Securities have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC (Nasdaq), subject to official notice of issuance and evidence of satisfactory distribution. There is and has
been no failure on the part of the Company or any of the Companys directors or officers, in their capacities as such, to comply
with (as and when applicable), and immediately following the effectiveness of the Registration Statement the Company will be in compliance
with, the rules of Nasdaq, as amended.

13

2.33. Emerging Growth
Company Status. From the date of the Companys incorporation through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Act (an Emerging Growth Company).

2.34. Free-Writing
Prospectus and Testing-the-Waters. The Company has not made any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an issuer
free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus
as defined in Rule 405. The Company (a) has not engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communication other than Testing-the-Waters Communications
with the consent of the Representative with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the
Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Act and (b) has not authorized anyone to engage
in Testing-the-Waters Communications other than its officers and the Representative and individuals engaged by the Representative. The
Company has not distributed any written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on Schedule B hereto. As used herein,
Testing-the-Waters Communication means any oral or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance
on Section 5(d) of the Act.

2.35. Disclosure
Controls and Procedures. The Company maintains effective disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e)
under the Exchange Act to the extent required by such rule).

2.36. Definition
of Knowledge. As used in herein, the term knowledge of the Company (or similar language) shall
mean the knowledge of the Companys executive officers and directors, with the assumption that such officers and directors shall
have made reasonable and diligent inquiry of the matters presented.

2.37. Rights Agreement.
The Company has entered into a right agreement with respect to the Rights, Private Rights and any other rights that may be issued by the
Company with Odyssey Trust Company substantially in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Rights Agreement).

3. Covenants
of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

3.1. Amendments to
Registration Statement. The Company will deliver to the Representative, prior to filing, any amendment or supplement to the Registration
Statement or Prospectus proposed to be filed after the Effective Date and shall not file any such amendment or supplement to which the
Representative shall reasonably object in writing.

3.2. Federal Securities Laws.

3.2.1. Compliance.
During the time when a prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to comply
with all requirements imposed upon it by the Act, the Regulations and the Exchange Act and by the regulations under the Exchange Act,
as from time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of or dealings in the Public Securities in accordance
with the provisions hereof and the Prospectus. If at any time when a Prospectus relating to the Public Securities is required to be delivered
under the Act, any event shall have occurred as a result of which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company or counsel for the Underwriters,
the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading, or if it is necessary during such period to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement
the Statutory Prospectus and Prospectus to comply with the Act, the Company will notify the Representative promptly and prepare and file
with the Commission, subject to Section 3.1 hereof, an appropriate amendment to the Registration Statement or amendment or supplement
to the Statutory Prospectus and Prospectus (at the expense of the Company) so as to correct such statement or omission or effect such
compliance.

3.2.2. Filing of Final
Prospectus. The Company will promptly file the Prospectus (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) with the Commission
pursuant to the requirements of Rule 424 of the Regulations.

14

3.2.3. Exchange Act
Registration. For a period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the earlier of (i) the completion of the Companys
initial Business Combination, (ii) the time at which the Company is acquired or completes a going private transaction in a transaction
where the Ordinary Shares are no longer outstanding, or (iii) the date upon which the Trust Account is to be liquidated if a Business
Combination has not been consummated by the Termination Date, the Company (i) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain
the registration of the Units, Ordinary Shares and Rights under the provisions of the Exchange Act and (ii) will not deregister the Units,
Ordinary Shares and Rights under the Exchange Act without the prior written consent of the Representative, unless all of the Units have
been separated in connection with or prior to the Companys initial Business Combination.

3.2.4. Free Writing
Prospectuses. The Company agrees that it will not make any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an issuer
free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act.

3.2.5. Sarbanes-Oxley
Compliance. As soon as it is legally required to do so, the Company shall take all actions necessary to obtain and thereafter maintain
material compliance with each applicable provision of SOX and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and related or similar
rules and regulations promulgated by any other governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency with jurisdiction over the Company.

3.3. Emerging Growth
Company Status. The Company will promptly notify the Representative if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth Company at any
time prior to the earlier of the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination or the liquidation of the Trust Account
if a Business Combination is not consummated by the Termination Date.

3.4. Delivery of
Materials to Underwriters. The Company will deliver to each of the several Underwriters, without charge and from time to time during
the period when a prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act or the Exchange Act, such number of copies of each Statutory Prospectus,
the Prospectus and all amendments and supplements to such documents as such Underwriters may reasonably request.

3.5. Effectiveness
and Events Requiring Notice to the Representative. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registration
Statement to remain effective and will notify the Representative immediately and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement, or any post-effective amendment thereto or preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus
or the Prospectus or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iii) of the issuance by any foreign or
state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities for offering or sale in
any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery to the
Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any comments or
request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening of any event during the period during the time when
the Registration Statement is effective that, in the judgment of the Company or its counsel, makes any statement of a material fact made
in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration
Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, (with respect to the Prospectus and the Statutory
Prospectus and in light of the circumstances under which they were made), not misleading. If the Commission or any foreign or state securities
commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company will make commercially reasonable efforts to
obtain promptly the lifting of such order.

3.6. Review of Financial
Statements. Until the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination or the liquidation of the Trust Account if a
Business Combination is not consummated by the Termination Date, the Company, at its expense, shall cause its regularly engaged independent
registered public accounting firm to review (but not audit) the Companys financial statements for each of the first three fiscal
quarters prior to the announcement of quarterly financial information, the filing of the Companys Form 10-Q quarterly report.

15

3.7. Affiliated Transactions.

3.7.1. Business Combinations.
The Company will not consummate a Business Combination with an entity that is affiliated with any Insider unless in each case the Company
obtains an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions
that the Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view and a majority of the Companys disinterested
and independent directors (if there are any) approve such transaction.

3.7.2. Compensation.
Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Company shall not pay any Insider or Company Affiliate or any of their affiliates
any fees or compensation for services rendered to the Company prior to, or in connection with, either this Offering or the Business Combination.

3.8. [Reserved]

3.9. Reports to the Representative.

3.9.1. Periodic
Reports, etc. For a period from the Effective Date and until such date upon which the Company completes the initial
Business Combination or is required to be liquidated and dissolved, the Company will, to the extent such information or documents
are not otherwise publicly available, upon written request from the Representative, furnish to the Representative and its counsel
copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes generally to
holders of any class of its securities, and promptly furnish to the Representative: (i) a copy of each periodic report the Company
shall be required to file with the Commission; (ii) a copy of every press release and every news item and article with respect to
the Company or its affairs which was released by the Company; (iii) a copy of each Current Report on Form 8-K and any Schedules 13D,
13G, 14D-1 or 13E-4 received or prepared by the Company; (iv) five physical copies of each registration statement filed by the
Company with the Commission under the Act; and (v) such additional documents and information with respect to the Company and the
affairs of any future subsidiaries of the Company as the Representative may from time to time reasonably request; provided that the
Representative shall sign, if requested by the Company, a Regulation FD compliant confidentiality agreement which is reasonably
acceptable to the Representative and its counsel in connection with the Representatives receipt of such information.
Documents filed with the Commission pursuant to Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System
(EDGAR) shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Representative pursuant to this section.

3.9.2. For a period following
the Effective Date and until the date upon which the Company completes the initial Business Combination or is required to be liquidated,
as long as any Rights are outstanding, the Company shall retain a transfer agent and right agent acceptable to the Representative. The
Underwriters acknowledge and agree that Odyssey Trust Company is acceptable to the Underwriters.

3.10. Payment of
Expenses. The Company will bear all fees, disbursements and expenses in connection with the Offering, including, without limitation:
the costs of preparing, printing, mailing and delivering the Registration Statement, the preliminary and final prospectus contained therein
and amendments thereto, post-effective amendments and supplements thereto, the Underwriting Agreement and related documents (all in such
quantities as the Representative may reasonably require); preparing and printing stock certificates and rights certificates; the costs
of any due diligence meetings; net roadshow; i-Deal system, filing fees (including SEC filing fees), costs and expenses (including
third party expenses and disbursements) incurred in registering the Offering, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA)
filing fees; preparation of leather bound volumes and Lucite cube mementos in such quantities as the Representative may reasonably request;
transfer taxes; transfer and warrant agent and registrar fees; and all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Representative
in connection with its Engagement, including, without limitation, any expenses and fees incurred by Representatives counsel, expenses
incurred for background checks on the Companys senior management and board of directors to be conducted upon the execution of this engagement
letter by a background search firm acceptable to the Representative, subject to a maximum amount of $80,000 in the event of a closing
of the Offering (the Expense Cap) and $40,000 in the event there is no closing of the Offering. Additionally, the Company
has provided a nonrefundable expense advance (the Advance) to the Representative of $40,000. The Advance shall be applied
towards the Expense Cap set forth herein. The Company also agrees to pay the Representative nonaccountable expenses (the NAE)
including, but not limited to, IPREO software related expenses, background check(s), tombstones, marketing related expenses; i.e. roadshow,
travel, et al. and any other expenses incurred by the Representative in connection with the transaction, (provided, however, that such
reimbursement amount in no way limits or impairs the indemnification and contribution provisions of this Agreement). The total NAE allowance
shall be equal to $10,000 and shall be applied towards the Expense Cap set forth herein. If the Company is unable to qualify for listing
qualifications on the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE American or Nasdaq Stock Market, all blue-sky work shall be undertaken by counsel
of the Representatives choice.

16

3.11. Application
of Net Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from this Offering received by it in a manner substantially consistent with
the application described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Prospectus.

3.12. Delivery of
Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable,
but not later than the first day of the sixteenth full calendar month following the Effective Date, an earnings statement (which need
not be certified by independent public or independent certified public accountants unless required by the Act or the Regulations, but
which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Act) covering a period of at least twelve consecutive months
beginning after the Effective Date.

3.13. Notice to FINRA.

3.13.1. Assistance
with Business Combination. For a period of sixty days following the Effective Date, in the event any person or entity (regardless
of any FINRA affiliation or association) is engaged pursuant to a written agreement to assist the Company in its search for a Business
Combination candidate or to provide any similar Business Combination-related services, the Company will provide the following information
(the Business Combination Information) to the Representative: (i) complete details of all services and copies of
agreements governing such services (which details or agreements may be appropriately redacted to account for privilege or confidentiality
concerns); and (ii) justification as to why the person or entity providing the Business Combination-related services should not be considered
an underwriter and related person with respect to the Companys initial public offering, as such term is defined in
Rule 5110 of FINRAs Conduct Rules. The Company also agrees that proper disclosure of such arrangement or potential arrangement
will be made in the proxy statement which the Company will file for purposes of soliciting shareholder approval for the Business Combination.
Upon the Companys delivery of the Business Combination Information to the Representative, the Company hereby expressly authorizes
the Representative to provide such information directly to FINRA as a result of representations the Representative have made to FINRA
in connection with the Offering.

3.13.2. Broker/Dealer.
In the event the Company intends to register as a broker/dealer, merge with or acquire a registered broker/dealer, or otherwise become
a member of FINRA, it shall promptly notify the Representative.

3.14. Stabilization.
Neither the Company, nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, officers, directors or shareholders (without the consent of the Representative)
has taken or will take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to
cause or result in, under the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to
facilitate the sale or resale of the Units.

3.15. Internal Controls.
From and after the Closing Date, the Company will maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances
that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded
as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets;
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any
differences.

3.16. Accountants.
For a period from the Effective Date and until such date upon which the Company completes the initial Business Combination or the Trust
Account is required to be liquidated, the Company shall retain the Accountant or other independent public accountants reasonably acceptable
to the Representative.

17

3.17. Form 8-Ks.
The Company has retained the Accountant to audit the balance sheet of the Company as of the Closing Date (the Audited Balance
Sheet) reflecting the receipt by the Company of the proceeds of the Offering and the Private Placement. Within four (4) Business
Days of the Closing Date, the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission, which Report shall contain the Companys
Audited Balance Sheet. If the Over-Allotment Option has not been exercised on the Effective Date, the Company will also file an amendment
to the Form 8-K, or a new Form 8-K, to provide updated financial information of the Company to reflect the exercise and consummation of
the Over-Allotment Option.

3.18. FINRA.
Until the Option Closing Date, if any, the Company shall advise the Representative if it is aware that any 10% or greater shareholder
of the Company becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the distribution of the Public Securities.

3.19. Corporate Proceedings.
All corporate proceedings and other legal matters necessary to carry out the provisions of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby shall have been done to the reasonable satisfaction to counsel for the Underwriters.

3.20. Investment
Company. The Company shall cause the proceeds of the Offering to be held in the Trust Account to be invested only as set forth
in the Trust Agreement as in effect on the date hereof and disclosed in the Prospectus. The Company will otherwise conduct its
business in a manner so that it will not become subject to the Investment Company Act. Furthermore, once the Company consummates a
Business Combination, it will be engaged in a business other than that of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading
securities.

3.21. Press Releases.
The Company agrees that it will not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity, without the Representatives prior written
consent (not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or denied), for a period of twenty-five (25) days after the Closing Date; provided that
in no event shall the Company be prohibited from issuing any press release or engaging in any other publicity required by law.

3.22. Electronic
Prospectus. The Company shall cause to be prepared and delivered to the Representative, at its expense, promptly, but in no event
later than two (2) Business Days from the effective date of this Agreement, an Electronic Prospectus to be used by the Underwriters in
connection with the Offering. As used herein, the term Electronic Prospectus means a form of prospectus, and any
amendment or supplement thereto, that meets each of the following conditions: (i) it shall be encoded in an electronic format, satisfactory
to the Representative, that may be transmitted electronically by the other Underwriters to offerees and purchasers of the Ordinary Shares
for at least the period during which a Prospectus relating to the Ordinary Shares is required to be delivered under the Act; (ii) it shall
disclose the same information as the paper prospectus and prospectus filed pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent that graphic and image
material cannot be disseminated electronically, in which case such graphic and image material shall be replaced in the electronic prospectus
with a fair and accurate narrative description or tabular representation of such material, as appropriate; and (iii) it shall be in or
convertible into a paper format or an electronic format, satisfactory to the Representative, that will allow recipients thereof to store
and have continuously ready access to the prospectus at any future time, without charge to such recipients (other than any fee charged
for subscription to the Internet as a whole and for on-line time). The Company hereby confirms that it has included or will include in
the Prospectus filed pursuant to EDGAR or otherwise with the Commission and in the Registration Statement at the time it was declared
effective an undertaking that, upon receipt of a request by an investor or his or her representative within the period when a prospectus
relating to the Ordinary Shares is required to be delivered under the Act, the Company shall transmit or cause to be transmitted promptly,
without charge, a paper copy of the Prospectus.

3.23. Future Financings.
The Company agrees that neither it, nor any successor or subsidiary of the Company, will consummate any public or private equity or debt
financing prior to or in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, unless all investors in such financing expressly
waive, in writing, any rights in or claims against the Trust Account.

3.24. Nasdaq Maintenance.
Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing on Nasdaq
of the Public Securities (unless all of the Units have been separated in connection with or prior to the Companys initial Business
Combination).

18

3.25. Private Placement
Proceeds. On the Closing Date, the Company shall cause to be deposited an amount of proceeds from the Private Placement into the Trust
Account, and on the Option Closing Date, if any, the Company shall cause to be deposited an amount of proceeds from the additional Private
Units sold on the Option Closing Date, in addition to the proceeds from the sale of the Options Units, into the Trust Account, such that
the amount of funds in the Trust Account shall be $10.00 per Public Unit sold in the Offering.

3.26. Reservation
of Shares. The Company will reserve and keep available that maximum number of its authorized but unissued securities which are issuable
pursuant to the Rights and the Private Securities (as well as any other warrants or rights that may be issued and covered by the Rights
Agreement) outstanding from time to time.

3.27. Testing-the-Waters
Communications. If at any time following the distribution of any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication, there occurred or
occurs an event or development as a result of which such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication included or would include any
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein in
light of the circumstances existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company will promptly (i) notify the Representative
so that use of the Written Testing-the-Waters Communication may cease until it is amended or supplemented; (ii) amend or supplement,
at its own expense, such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication to eliminate or correct such untrue statement or omission; and
(iii) supply any amendment or supplement to the Representative in such quantities as may be reasonably requested.

3.28. Deferred Underwriting
Commission. Upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination, the Company and the Representative
shall jointly direct Odyssey Trust Company to pay the Representative the Deferred Underwriting
Commission out of the funds held in the Trust Account after honoring the redemption rights of the Companys public shareholders.
If the Company fails to consummate its initial Business Combination within the time period as stipulated in the Prospectus (as such time
period may be amended), and Odyssey, as trustee of the Trust Account, commences liquidation of the Trust Account as provided in the Trust
Agreement, the Representative, on behalf of the Underwriters and itself, agrees that: (i) it shall forfeit any rights or claims to the
Deferred Underwriting Commission, including any accrued interest thereon; and (ii) the Deferred Underwriting Commission, together with
all other amounts on deposit with the Trust Account, shall be distributed on a pro-rata basis among the Public Shareholders. 

3.29. Company
Lock-up. The Company, on behalf of itself and any successor entity, agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Representative,
it will not, for a period of 180 days after the date of the Business Combination (the Lock-Up Period), (i) offer,
pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right
or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital stock of the Company
or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company; (ii) file or caused to be
filed any registration statement with the Commission relating to the primary offering of any shares of capital stock of the Company or
any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company, in each case, issued after
the completion of the Business Combination; (iii) complete any offering of debt securities of the Company, other than entering into a
line of credit with a traditional bank or (iv) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part,
any of the economic consequences of ownership of capital stock of the Company, whether any such transaction described in clause (i), (ii),
(iii) or (iv) above is to be settled by delivery of shares of capital stock of the Company or such other securities, in cash or otherwise.

19

4. Conditions.

4.1. Conditions of
Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the several Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Public Securities, as provided
herein, shall be subject to the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date hereof and as
of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, to the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Company made pursuant to
the provisions hereof and to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and to the following conditions:

4.1.1. Regulatory Matters.

4.1.1.1. Effectiveness
of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall have become effective not later than 5:00 p.m., New York time, on the
date of this Agreement or such later date and time as shall be consented to in writing by the Representative, and, at the Closing Date,
no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for the purpose shall
have been instituted or shall be pending or contemplated by the Commission and any request on the part of the Commission for additional
information shall have been complied with.

4.1.1.2. FINRA Clearance.
By the Effective Date, the Representative shall have received clearance from FINRA as to the amount of compensation allowable or payable
to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement.

4.1.1.3. No Commission
Stop Order. At the Closing Date, the Commission has not issued any order or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened to issue
any order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any part thereof, and has not instituted or,
to the Companys knowledge, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

4.1.1.4. Nasdaq Listing.
The Ordinary Shares, Units and Rights shall have been approved for listing on Nasdaq, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence
of satisfactory distribution.

4.1.2. Counsel Matters.

4.1.2.1. Opinion of Counsel.

(a) On each of the Closing
Date or the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received the favorable opinions (along with negative assurance
letters) of (i) Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP, U.S. securities counsel to the Company and (ii) Ogier, Cayman Islands counsel to the
Company, addressed to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters and in form mutually agreed to by the Company
and the Representative.

(b) On each of the Closing
Date or the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received the favorable opinions (along with negative assurance
letters) of Loeb & Loeb LLP, counsel to the Underwriters, addressed to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters
and in form agreed to by the Representative.

4.1.2.2. Reliance.
In rendering such opinions, such counsel may rely: (i) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the laws of the United
States and jurisdictions in which they are admitted, to the extent such counsel deems proper and to the extent specified in such opinion,
if at all, upon an opinion or opinions (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative) of other counsel reasonably
acceptable to the Representative, familiar with the applicable laws; and (ii) as to matters of fact, to the extent they deem proper, on
certificates or other written statements of officers of the Company and officers of departments of various jurisdiction having custody
of documents respecting the corporate existence or good standing of the Company, provided that copies of any such statements or certificates
shall be delivered to the Underwriters counsel if requested.

4.1.3. Cold Comfort
Letter. At the time this Agreement is executed, and at the Closing Date and Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall
have received a letter, addressed to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory
in all respects (including the non-material nature of the changes or decreases, if any, referred to in clause (iii) below) to the Representative
from the Accountant dated, respectively, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any:

(i) Confirming that they
are independent accountants with respect to the Company within the meaning of the Act and the applicable Regulations and that they have
not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, provided to the
Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act;

20

(ii) Stating that in their
opinion the financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus comply as to form in all material
respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Act and the published Regulations thereunder;

(iii) Stating that, on
the basis of a limited review which included a reading of the latest available unaudited interim financial statements of the Company
(with an indication of the date of the latest available unaudited interim financial statements), a reading of the latest available
minutes of the shareholders and board of directors and the various committees of the board of directors, consultations with officers
and other employees of the Company responsible for financial and accounting matters and other specified procedures and inquiries,
nothing has come to their attention which would lead them to believe that: (a) the unaudited financial statements of the Company
included in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus do not comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable
accounting requirements of the Act and the Regulations or are not fairly presented in conformity with GAAP applied on a basis
substantially consistent with that of the audited financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the
Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus; or (b) at a date immediately prior to the Effective Date or Closing Date, as the case may
be, there was any change in the capital stock or long-term debt of the Company, any increase in amount due to the Sponsor or in net
current liabilities, or any decrease in the shareholder equity of the Company as compared with amounts shown in the September
30, 2024 balance sheet included in the Registration Statement, other than as set forth in or contemplated by the Registration
Statement, or, if there was any decrease, setting forth the amount of such decrease, and (c) during the period from October 1, 2024
to a specified date immediately prior to the Effective Date or Closing Date, as the case may be, there was any changes in revenues,
net earnings (losses), or net earnings (losses) per share, in each case as compared with the Statement of Operations for the period
from July 17, 2024 (Inception) to September 30, 2024 included in the Registration Statement, or, if there was any such change,
setting forth the amount of such change;

(iv) Stating that they have
compared specific dollar amounts, numbers of shares, percentages of revenues and earnings, statements and other financial information
pertaining to the Company set forth in the Registration Statement in each case to the extent that such amounts, numbers, percentages,
statements and information may be derived from the general accounting records, including work sheets, of the Company and excluding any
questions requiring an interpretation by legal counsel, with the results obtained from the application of specified readings, inquiries
and other appropriate procedures (which procedures do not constitute an examination in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards)
set forth in the letter and found them to be in agreement; and

(v) Statements as to such
other matters incident to the transaction contemplated hereby as the Representative may reasonably request.

4.1.4. Officers Certificates.

4.1.4.1. Officers
Certificate. As of each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a certificate
of the Company signed by the Chairman of the Board or Chief Executive Officer (in their capacities as such), respectively, to the effect
that the Company has performed all covenants and complied with all conditions required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with
by the Company prior to and as of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, and that the conditions set forth in Section 4.1.
hereof have been satisfied as of such date and that, as of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the representations and
warranties of the Company set forth in Section 2 hereof are true and correct. In addition, the Representative will have received such
other and further certificates of officers of the Company as the Representative may reasonably request.

21

4.1.4.2. CEO/CFOs
Certificate. As of each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a certificate
of the Company signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifying: (i) that the Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, of the Company are true and complete, have not been modified and are in full force
and effect; (ii) that the resolutions relating to the Offering are in full force and effect and have not been modified; (iii) all substantive
correspondence between the Company or its counsel and the Commission; (iv) all substantive correspondence between the Company or its counsel
and Nasdaq; and (v) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached
to such certificate.

4.1.5. No Material
Changes. Prior to each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any: (i) there shall have been no material adverse change
or development involving a material adverse change in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of
the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and
Prospectus; (ii) no action suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any Company
Affiliate before or by any court or foreign, federal or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable
decision, ruling or finding may materially adversely affect the business, operations, prospects or financial condition or income of the
Company, except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall have been
issued under the Act against the Company and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; and (iv)
the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material
statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Act and the Regulations and shall conform in all material respects
to the requirements of the Act and the Regulations, and none of the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus,
or any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of the Statutory Prospectus and Prospectus, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made), not misleading.

4.1.6. Delivery of
Agreements. On the Effective Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies of the Transaction Documents.

4.1.7. Private Units.
On the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, as applicable, the Private Units have been purchased as provided for in the Private Placement
Units Purchase Agreement and the purchase price for such securities, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement and the Registration
Statement, shall be deposited into the Trust Account.

22

5. Indemnification.

5.1. Indemnification of Underwriters.

5.1.1. General.
Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each of the Underwriters and each dealer
selected by the Representative that participates in the offer and sale of the Public Securities (each a Selected Dealer)
and each of their respective directors, officers, partners and employees and each person, if any, who controls any such Underwriter or
Selected Dealer (Controlling Person and together with the Underwriters and Selected Dealers, the Indemnified
Parties and each, an Indemnified Party) within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20(a) of
the Exchange Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including but not limited to any and all legal
or other documented expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, commenced or threatened,
or any claim whatsoever, whether arising out of any action between any of the Indemnified Parties and the Company or between any of the
Underwriters and any third party or otherwise) to which they or any of them may become subject under the Act, the Exchange Act or any
other foreign, federal, state or local statute, law, rule, regulation or ordinance or at common law or otherwise or under the laws, rules
and regulation of foreign countries, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in (i) any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration Statement, or the Prospectus (as from time to time each may be amended and
supplemented); (ii) in any post-effective amendment or amendments or any new registration statement and prospectus relating to any of
the Public Securities; or (iii) any application or other document or written communication (in this Section 5 collectively called application)
executed by the Company or based upon written information furnished by the Company in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Public
Securities under the securities laws thereof or filed with the Commission, any foreign or state securities commission or agency, Nasdaq
(in each case other than statements contained in the section captioned Selling Restrictions); or the omission or alleged
omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading, unless such statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written
information furnished to the Company with respect to an Underwriter by or on behalf of such Underwriter expressly for use in any Preliminary
Prospectus, the Registration Statement the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereof, or in any application, as the case may be,
which furnished written information, it is expressly agreed, consists solely of the information described in the proviso contained in
the last sentence of Section 2.3.1. With respect to any such untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made
in the Preliminary Prospectus, the indemnity agreement contained in this paragraph shall not inure to the benefit of any Underwriter or
Selected Dealer to the extent that any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense of such Underwriter or Selected Dealer results from the
fact that a copy of the Prospectus was not given or sent to the person asserting any such loss, liability, claim or damage at or prior
to the written confirmation of sale of the Public Securities to such person as required by the Act and the Regulations, and if such untrue
statement or omission has been corrected in the Prospectus, unless such failure to deliver the Prospectus was a result of non-compliance
by the Company with its obligations under this Agreement. The Company agrees promptly to notify the Representative of the commencement
of any litigation or proceedings against the Company or any of its officers, directors or controlling persons in connection with the issue
and sale of the Public Securities or in connection with the Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration Statement or the Prospectus.

5.1.2. Procedure.
If any action is brought against an Indemnified Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought against the Company pursuant to
Section 5.1.1, such party shall promptly notify the Company in writing of the institution of such action and the Company shall, upon
the Companys own election, assume the defense of such action, including the employment and fees of counsel (subject to the
reasonable approval of such Indemnified Party, as applicable) and payment of actual expenses. Such Indemnified Party or Indemnified
Parties shall have the right to employ its or their own counsel in any such case if the counsel of the Indemnified Party reasonably
determines that it would be inappropriate under the applicable rules of professional responsibility for the same counsel to
represent both the Company and the Indemnified Party, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such
Indemnified Party unless: (i) the employment of such counsel at the expense of the Company shall have been authorized in writing by
the Company in connection with the defense of such action; (ii) the Company shall not have employed counsel to have charge of the
defense of such action; or (iii) counsel to such Indemnified Party or Indemnified Parties shall have reasonably concluded that there
may be defenses available to it or them which are different from or additional to those available to the Company (in which case the
Company shall not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Parties), in
any of which events the reasonable fees and expenses of not more than one additional firm of attorneys selected by the Indemnified
Parties shall be borne by the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if an Indemnified Party shall
assume the defense of such action as provided above, the Company shall have the right to approve the terms of any settlement of such
action which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

23

5.2. Indemnification
of the Company. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers,
employees and agents, and any person who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange
Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the foregoing indemnity from the Company to the several
Underwriters, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions made in
the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, or in any application,
in reliance upon, and in strict conformity with, written information furnished to the Company with respect to such Underwriter by or on
behalf of the Underwriter expressly for use in such Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any amendment or
supplement thereto or in any such application, which furnished written information, it is expressly agreed, consists solely of the information
described in the last sentence of Section 2.3.1. In case any action shall be brought against the Company or any other person so indemnified
based on any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or any application,
and in respect of which indemnity may be sought against any Underwriter, such Underwriter shall have the rights and duties given to the
Company, and the Company and each other person so indemnified shall have the rights and duties given to the several Underwriters by the
provisions of Section 5.1.2.

5.3. Contribution.

5.3.1. Contribution
Rights. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution under the Act in any case in which (i) any person entitled to indemnification
under this Section 5 makes claim for indemnification pursuant hereto but it is judicially determined (by the entry of a final judgment
or decree by a court of competent jurisdiction and the expiration of time to appeal or the denial of the last right of appeal) that such
indemnification may not be enforced in such case notwithstanding the fact that this Section 5 provides for indemnification in such case,
or (ii) contribution under the Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise may be required on the part of any such person in circumstances for
which indemnification is provided under this Section 5 but is unavailable, then, and in each such case, the Company and the Underwriters
shall contribute to the aggregate losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses of the nature contemplated by said indemnity agreement
incurred by the Company and the Underwriters, as incurred, in such proportions that the Underwriters are responsible for that portion
represented by the percentage that the underwriting discount appearing on the cover page of the Prospectus bears to the initial offering
price appearing thereon and the Company is responsible for the balance; provided, that, no person guilty of a fraudulent misrepresentation
(within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent
misrepresentation. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.3.1, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in
excess of the amount by which the total price at which the Public Securities underwritten by it and distributed to the public were offered
to the public exceeds the amount of any damages that such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay in respect of such losses, liabilities,
claims, damages and expenses. For purposes of this Section, each director, officer and employee of an Underwriter or the Company, as applicable,
and each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter or the Company, as applicable, within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act shall
have the same rights to contribution as the Underwriters or the Company, as applicable.

5.3.2. Contribution
Procedure. Within fifteen days after receipt by any party to this Agreement (or its representatives) of notice of the
commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, such party will, if a claim for contribution in respect thereof is to be made
against another party (Contributing Party), notify the Contributing Party of the commencement thereof, but the
omission to so notify the Contributing Party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any other party other than
for contribution hereunder. In case any such action, suit or proceeding is brought against any party, and such party notifies a
Contributing Party or its representatives of the commencement thereof within the aforesaid fifteen days, the Contributing Party will
be entitled to participate therein with the notifying party and any other Contributing Party similarly notified. Any such
Contributing Party shall not be liable to any party seeking contribution on account of any settlement of any claim, action or
proceeding effected by such party seeking contribution on account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding effected by
such party seeking contribution without the written consent of such Contributing Party. The contribution provisions contained in
this Section are intended to supersede, to the extent permitted by law, any right to contribution under the Act, the Exchange Act or
otherwise available. The Underwriters obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 5.3 are several and not joint.

24

6. Default by
an Underwriter.

6.1. Default Not
Exceeding 10% of Firm Units. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations to purchase the Firm Units
and if the number of the Firm Units with respect to which such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate 10% of the number of Firm
Units that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Firm Units to which the default relates shall be purchased by
the non-defaulting Underwriters in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder.

6.2. Default Exceeding
10% of Firm Units. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6.1 above relates to more than 10% of the Firm Units, the Representative
may, in its discretion, arrange for it or for another party or parties to purchase such Firm Units to which such default relates on the
terms contained herein. If within one (1) Business Day after such default relating to more than 10% of the Firm Units the Representative
does not arrange for the purchase of such Firm Units, then the Company shall be entitled to a further period of one (1) Business Day within
which to procure another party or parties reasonably satisfactory to the Representative to purchase said Firm Units on such terms. In
the event that neither the Representative nor the Company arrange for the purchase of the Firm Units to which a default relates as provided
in this Section 6, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representative or the Company without liability on the part of the Company
(except as provided in Sections 3.10 and 5 hereof) or the several non-defaulting Underwriters (except as provided in Section 5 hereof); provided that
nothing herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of its liability, if any, to the other several Underwriters and to the Company for
damages occasioned by its default hereunder.

6.3. Postponement
of Closing Date. In the event that the Firm Units to which the default relates are to be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters,
or are to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, the Representative or the Company shall have the right to postpone the
Closing Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five (5) Business Days, in order to effect whatever changes may thereby
be made necessary in the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case may be, or in any other documents and arrangements,
and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to, or to supplement, the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case
may be, that in the reasonable opinion of counsel for the Underwriters may thereby be made necessary. The term Underwriter
as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 6 with like effect as if it had originally been a party
to this Agreement with respect to such securities.

7. Additional
Covenants.

7.1. Additional Shares
or Options. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Company hereby agrees that until the Company consummates a Business
Combination, it shall not issue any Ordinary Shares or any options or other securities convertible into Ordinary Shares or any preferred
shares which participate in any manner in the Trust Account or which vote on a Business Combination.

7.2. Trust
Account Waiver Acknowledgments. The Company hereby agrees that, prior to commencing its due diligence investigation of any
Target Business or obtaining the services of any vendor, it will use commercially reasonable efforts to have such Target Business or
vendor acknowledge in writing, whether through a letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle or other
similar document (and subsequently acknowledges the same in any definitive document replacing any of the foregoing), that (a) it has
read the Prospectus, and understands that the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of $50,000,000 (or
$57,500,000 if the Over-Allotment Option is exercised in full) for the benefit of the Public Shareholders and that, except for the
interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only: (i) to the
Public Shareholders in the event of the redemption of their shares upon consummation of a Business Combination or amendment to the
Companys Charter Documents relating to pre-Business Combination activity, (ii) to the Public Shareholders in connection with
the Companys liquidation in the event the Company is unable to consummate a Business Combination within the required time
period or (iii) to the Company and others concurrently with, or after it consummates a Business Combination, and (b) for and in
consideration of the Company (1) agreeing to evaluate such Target Business for purposes of consummating a Business Combination with
it or (2) agreeing to engage the services of the vendor, as the case may be, such Target Business or vendor agrees that it does not
have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies of the Trust Account (Claim) and
waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with the
Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. The foregoing letters shall substantially be
in the form attached hereto as Exhibits A and B, respectively. The Company may forgo
obtaining such waivers only if the Company shall have received the approval of its Chief Executive Officer and the approving vote of
at least a majority of its Board of Directors.

25

7.3. Letter Agreements.
The Company shall not take any action or omit to take any action which would cause a breach of any of the Letter Agreements executed between
each Company Affiliate and the Representative and will not allow any amendments to, or waivers of, such Letter Agreements without the
prior written consent of the Representative, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or denied.

7.4. Tender Offer,
Proxy and Other Information. To the extent not publicly available, the Company shall provide the Representative with copies of all
proxy or tender offer documentation and other information and all related material sent to Public Shareholders in connection with a Business
Combination.

7.5. Rule 419.
The Company agrees that it will use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the Company from becoming subject to Rule 419 under the
Act prior to the consummation of any Business Combination, including, but not limited to, using commercially reasonable efforts to prevent
any of the Companys outstanding securities from being deemed to be a penny stock as defined in Rule 3a-51-1 under
the Exchange Act during such period.

7.6. Presentation
of Potential Target Businesses. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each of the Respondents to agree that,
in order to minimize potential conflicts of interest which may arise from multiple affiliations, the Respondents will present to the Company
for its consideration, prior to presentation to any other person or company, any suitable opportunity to acquire an operating business,
until the earlier of the consummation by the Company of a Business Combination or the liquidation of the Trust Account, subject to any
pre-existing fiduciary obligations the Respondents might have.

7.7. Target Fair
Market Value. The Company agrees that the Target Business that it acquires must have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of
the balance in the Trust Account (excluding any taxes and the Deferred Underwriting Fee) at the time of signing the definitive agreement
for the Business Combination with such Target Business. The fair market value of such business must be determined by the Board of Directors
of the Company based upon standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash
flow and book value. If the Board of Directors of the Company is not able to independently determine that the target business meets such
fair market value requirement, the Company will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment banking firm, or another
independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions. The Company is not required to obtain such an opinion as to the fair market
value if the Companys Board of Directors independently determines that the Target Business does have sufficient fair market value.

8. Representations
and Agreements to Survive Delivery. Except as the context otherwise requires, all representations, warranties and agreements
contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to be representations, warranties and agreements at the Closing Date or Option Closing
Date, as applicable, and such representations, warranties and agreements of the Underwriters and Company, including the indemnity
agreements contained in Section 5 hereof, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made
by or on behalf of any Underwriter, the Company or any controlling person, and shall survive termination of this Agreement or the
issuance and delivery of the Public Securities to the several Underwriters until the expiration of any applicable statute of
limitations, at which time the representations, warranties and agreements shall terminate and be of no further force and effect.

26

9. Effective
Date of This Agreement and Termination Thereof.

9.1. Effective Date.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date hereof.

9.2. Termination.
The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to any Closing Date: (i) if any domestic or international
event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted or, in the Representatives sole opinion, will in the immediate future materially
disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading on the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, Nasdaq
or on the OTC Bulletin Board (or successor trading market) shall have been suspended, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have
been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have
been required on the OTC Bulletin Board or by order of the Commission or any other government authority having jurisdiction, or (iii)
if the United States shall have become involved in a war or an increase in existing major hostilities, or (iv) if a banking moratorium
has been declared by a New York State or federal authority, or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared which
materially adversely impacts the United States securities market, or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained a material loss by fire,
flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall have
been insured, will, in the Representatives sole opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Firm Units, (vii)
if any of the Companys representations, warranties or covenants hereunder are breached, or (viii) if the Representative shall have
become aware after the date hereof of a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, or such adverse material change in general market conditions,
including, without limitation, as a result of terrorist activities or any other calamity or crisis either within or outside the United
States after the date hereof, or any increase in any of the foregoing, as in the Representatives sole judgment would make it impracticable
to proceed with the offering, sale and/or delivery of the Firm Units or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of
the Firm Units.

9.3. Expenses.
If this Agreement shall be terminated pursuant to Section 6 hereof, the Company shall not be under any liability to any Underwriter or
the Representative for expenses owed; but, if for any other reason this Agreement shall not be carried out, within the time specified
herein or any extensions thereof pursuant to the terms herein, the obligations of the Company to pay the out of pocket expenses related
to the transactions contemplated herein shall be governed by Section 3.10 hereof.

9.4. Indemnification.
Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination of this Agreement, and whether
or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall not be in any way effected by, such election or termination
or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

10. Miscellaneous.

10.1. Notices.
All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed by certified mail
(with return receipt), delivered by e-mail or by hand or reputable overnight courier, delivered by facsimile transmission (with printed
confirmation of receipt) and confirmed, or by electronic transmission via PDF and shall be deemed given when so e-mailed, delivered, or
faxed or transmitted (or, if mailed, five days after such mailing):

If to the Representative:

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners

590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Attn: Thomas J. Higgins

Email: *

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Loeb & Loeb LLP

2206-19 Jardine House

1 Connaught Place

Central, Hong Kong

Attn: Lawrence Venick, Esq.

Email: *

27

If to the Company, to:

Ribbon Acquisition Corp

Central Park Tower LaTour Shinjuku Room 3001

6-15-1 Nishi Shinjuku, Shinjuku-ku Tokyo 160-0023

Japan

Attn: Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh, Chief Executive Officer

Email: *

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor

New York, NY 10036

Attention: Shane Wu, Esq

Email: *

10.2. Headings.
The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning
or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

10.3. Amendment.
This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

10.4. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement) constitute
the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

10.5. Binding Effect.
This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Underwriters, the Company and the
controlling persons, directors and officers referred to in Section 5 hereof, and their respective successors, legal representatives and
assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or
by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained.

10.6. Governing
Law, Venue, etc. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York, without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Each of the Company and the Representative hereby agrees
that any action, proceeding, or claim against it arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and
enforced in the courts of the State of New York, New York County under the accelerated adjudication procedures of the Commercial
Division, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, as applicable, and irrevocably submits to
such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. Each of the Company and the Representative hereby waives any objection to
such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the
Company or the Representative, respectively, may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 10.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed
personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company or the Representative, respectively, in any action, proceeding, or
claim. Each of the Company and the Representative agrees that the prevailing party(ies) in any such action shall be entitled to
recover from the other party(ies) all of its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to such action or proceeding
and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor.

28

10.7. Execution in
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall
become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties
hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by fax or email/.pdf transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient delivery
thereof.

10.8. Waiver, etc. The
failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed to
be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Agreement or any provision hereof or the right of any
of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment
of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed by the party or parties
against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment shall
be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

10.9. No Fiduciary
Relationship. The Company hereby acknowledges that the Underwriters are acting solely as underwriters in connection with the offering
of the Public Securities. The Company further acknowledges that the Underwriters are acting pursuant to a contractual relationship created
solely by this Agreement entered into on an arms length basis and in no event do the parties intend that the Underwriters act or
be responsible as a fiduciary to the Company, its management, shareholders, creditors or any other person in connection with any activity
that the Underwriters may undertake or have undertaken in furtherance of the offering of the Public Securities, either before or after
the date hereof. The Underwriters hereby expressly disclaim any fiduciary or similar obligations to the Company, either in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions, and the Company hereby confirms its
understanding and agreement to that effect. The Company, the Underwriters agree that they are each responsible for making their own independent
judgments with respect to any such transactions, and that any opinions or views expressed by the Underwriters to the Company regarding
such transactions, including but not limited to any opinions or views with respect to the price or market for the Public Securities, do
not constitute advice or recommendations to the Company. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
any claims that the Company may have against the Underwriters with respect to any breach or alleged breach of any fiduciary or similar
duty to the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions.

[Signature Page Follows]

29

If the foregoing correctly
sets forth the understanding between the Representative and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose,
whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

Very Truly Yours,

RIBBON ACQUISITION CORP

By: /s/ Anghusman (Bubai) Ghosh

Name: Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Agreed to and accepted

as of the date first written above:

A.G.P./ALLIANCE GLOBAL PARTNERS

as Representative of the several Underwriters

By: /s/ Thomas J. Higgins 

Name: Thomas J. Higgins 

Title: Managing Director 

[Signature Page to Underwriting
Agreement]

SCHEDULE A

RIBBON
ACQUISITION CORP

5,000,000 Units

Underwriter 

Number of Firm Units

to be Purchased 

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners 3,571,429 

The Benchmark Company, LLC 1,428,571 

TOTAL 5,000,000 

SCHEDULE B

Testing-the-Waters Communications

EXHIBIT A

Form of Target Business Letter

Ribbon Acquisition Corp

Central Park Tower LaTour Shinjuku Room 3001

6-15-1 Nishi Shinjuku, Shinjuku-ku Tokyo 160-0023

Japan 

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the Final
Prospectus of Ribbon Acquisition Corp (the Company), dated [ ], 2024 (the Prospectus). Capitalized
terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Prospectus.

We have read the Prospectus
and understand that the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of at least $50,000,000, for the benefit of
the Public Shareholders and that, except for the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies
from the Trust Account only: (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event of the redemption of their shares upon consummation of a business
combination or amendment to the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association relating to pre-Business Combination
activity, (ii) to the Public Shareholders in connection with the Companys liquidation in the event the Company is unable to consummate
a Business Combination within the required time period or (iii) to the Company concurrently with, or after it consummates a Business Combination.

For and in consideration of
the Company agreeing to evaluate the undersigned for purposes of consummating a Business Combination with it, the undersigned hereby agrees
that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account (each, a Claim)
and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with
the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

Print Name of Target Business

Authorized Signature of Target Business

EXHIBIT B

Form of Vendor Letter

Ribbon Acquisition Corp

Central Park Tower LaTour Shinjuku Room 3001

6-15-1 Nishi Shinjuku, Shinjuku-ku Tokyo 160-0023

Japan 

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the Final
Prospectus of Ribbon Acquisition Corp (the Company), dated [ ], 2024 (the Prospectus). Capitalized
terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Prospectus.

We have read the
Prospectus and understand that the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of at least $50,000,000, for
the benefit of the Public Shareholders and that, except for the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the
Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only: (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event of the redemption of their
shares upon consummation of a Business Combination or amendment to the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association relating to pre-Business Combination activity, (ii) to the Public Shareholders in connection with the Companys
liquidation in the event the Company is unable to consummate a Business Combination within the required time period or (iii) to the
Company concurrently with, or after it consummates a Business Combination.

For and in consideration of
the Company agreeing to use the services of the undersigned, the undersigned hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account (each, a Claim) and hereby waives any Claim it may
have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust
Account for any reason whatsoever.

Print Name of Vendor

Authorized Signature of Vendor
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022775001ex3-1_ribbon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

Companies
Act (Revised)

Company
Limited by Shares

AMENDED
AND RESTATED

Memorandum AND ARTICLEs of association

of

RIBBON ACQUISITION CORP

(Adopted by special resolution
passed on 15 January 2025) 

Companies
Act (Revised)

Company
Limited by Shares

Amended
and Restated

Memorandum
of Association

of

Ribbon
Acquisition Corp

(Adopted
by special resolution passed on 15 January 2025)

1 The
name of the Company is Ribbon Acquisition Corp.

2 The
Companys registered office will be situated at the office of Ogier Global (Cayman) Limited,
89 Nexus Way, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman, KY1-9009, Cayman Islands or at such other place in
the Cayman Islands as the directors may at any time decide.

3 The
Companys objects are unrestricted. As provided by section 7(4) of the Companies Act (Revised),
the Company has full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by any law
of the Cayman Islands.

4 The
Company has unrestricted corporate capacity. Without limitation to the foregoing, as provided
by section 27 (2) of the Companies Act (Revised), the Company has and is capable of exercising
all the functions of a natural person of full capacity irrespective of any question of corporate
benefit.

5 Nothing
in any of the preceding paragraphs permits the Company to carry on any of the following businesses
without being duly licensed, namely:

(a) the
business of a bank or trust company without being licensed in that behalf under the Banks
and Trust Companies Act (Revised); or

(b) insurance
business from within the Cayman Islands or the business of an insurance manager, agent, sub-agent
or broker without being licensed in that behalf under the Insurance Act (Revised);or

(c) the
business of company management without being licensed in that behalf under the Companies
Management Act (Revised).

6 Unless
licensed to do so, the Company will not trade in the Cayman Islands with any person, firm
or corporation except in furtherance of its business carried on outside the Cayman Islands.
Despite this, the Company may effect and conclude contracts in the Cayman Islands and exercise
in the Cayman Islands any of its powers necessary for the carrying on of its business outside
the Cayman Islands.

7 The
Company is a company limited by shares and accordingly the liability of each member is limited
to the amount (if any) unpaid on that members shares.

8 The
share capital of the Company is USD50,000 divided into 450,000,000 Class A Shares of par
value USD0.0001 each and 50,000,000 Class B Shares of par value USD0.0001 each. Subject to
the Companies Act (Revised) and the Companys articles of association, the Company has power
to do any one or more of the following:

(a) to
redeem or repurchase any of its shares;

(b) to
increase or reduce its capital;

(c) to
issue any part of its capital (whether original, redeemed, increased or reduced):

(i) with
or without any preferential, deferred, qualified or special rights, privileges or conditions;
or

(ii) subject
to any limitations or restrictions

and
unless the condition of issue expressly declares otherwise, every issue of shares (whether declared to be ordinary, preference or otherwise)
is subject to this power; or

(d) to
alter any of those rights, privileges, conditions, limitations or restrictions.

9 The
Company has power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate limited by shares
under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the
Cayman Islands.

CONTENTS

1 Definitions,
interpretation and exclusion of Table A 1

Definitions 1

Interpretation 5

Exclusion
of Table A Articles 5

2 Shares 6

Power
to issue Shares and options, with or without special rights 6

Power
to issue fractions of a Share 7

Power
to pay commissions and brokerage fees 7

Trusts
not recognised 7

Power
to vary class rights 7

Effect
of new Share issue on existing class rights 8

Capital
contributions without issue of further Shares 8

No
bearer Shares or warrants 9

Treasury
Shares 9

Rights
attaching to Treasury Shares and related matters 9

3 Register
of Members 9

4 Share
certificates 10

Issue
of share certificates 10

Renewal
of lost or damaged share certificates 10

5 Lien
on Shares 10

Nature
and scope of lien 10

Company
may sell Shares to satisfy lien 11

Authority
to execute instrument of transfer 11

Consequences
of sale of Shares to satisfy lien 11

Application
of proceeds of sale 12

6 Calls
on Shares and forfeiture 12

i

Power
to make calls and effect of calls 12

Time
when call made 12

Liability
of joint holders 12

Interest
on unpaid calls 12

Deemed
calls 13

Power
to accept early payment 13

Power
to make different arrangements at time of issue of Shares 13

Notice
of default 13

Forfeiture
or surrender of Shares 13

Disposal
of forfeited or surrendered Share and power to cancel forfeiture or surrender 14

Effect
of forfeiture or surrender on former Member 14

Evidence
of forfeiture or surrender 14

Sale
of forfeited or surrendered Shares 14

7 Transfer
of Shares 15

Form
of transfer 15

Power
to refuse registration 15

Power
to suspend registration 15

Company
may retain instrument of transfer 15

8 Transmission
of Shares 15

Persons
entitled on death of a Member 15

Registration
of transfer of a Share following death or bankruptcy 16

Indemnity 16

Rights
of person entitled to a Share following death or bankruptcy 16

9 Alteration
of capital 16

Increasing,
consolidating, converting, dividing and cancelling share capital 16

Dealing
with fractions resulting from consolidation of Shares 17

Reducing
share capital 17

ii

10 Redemption
and purchase of own Shares 17

Power
to issue redeemable Shares and to purchase own Shares 17

Power
to pay for redemption or purchase in cash or in specie 18

Effect
of redemption or purchase of a Share 18

11 Meetings
of Members 19

Power
to call meetings 19

Content
of notice 20

Period
of notice 20

Persons
entitled to receive notice 20

Publication
of notice on a website 21

Time
a website notice is deemed to be given 21

Required
duration of publication on a website 21

Accidental
omission to give notice or non-receipt of notice 21

12 Proceedings
at meetings of Members 22

Quorum 22

Lack
of quorum 22

Use
of technology 22

Chairman 22

Right
of a director to attend and speak 22

Adjournment 22

Method
of voting 23

Taking
of a poll 23

Chairmans
casting vote 23

Amendments
to resolutions 23

Written
resolutions 24

Sole-member
company 24

iii

13 Voting
rights of Members 24

Right
to vote 24

Rights
of joint holders 25

Representation
of corporate Members 25

Member
with mental disorder 25

Objections
to admissibility of votes 26

Form
of proxy 26

How
and when proxy is to be delivered 26

Voting
by proxy 27

14 Number
of directors 27

15 Appointment,
disqualification and removal of directors 27

No
age limit 27

Corporate
directors 28

No
shareholding qualification 28

Appointment
and removal of directors 28

Resignation
of directors 29

Termination
of the office of director 30

16 Alternate
directors 30

Appointment
and removal 30

Notices 31

Rights
of alternate director 31

Appointment
ceases when the appointor ceases to be a director 32

Status
of alternate director 32

Status
of the director making the appointment 32

17 Powers
of directors 32

Powers
of directors 32

Appointments
to office 32

Remuneration 33

Disclosure
of information 33

iv

18 Delegation of powers 34

Power
to delegate any of the directors powers to a committee 34

Power
to appoint an agent of the Company 34

Power
to appoint an attorney or authorised signatory of the Company 34

Power
to appoint a proxy 35

19 Meetings
of directors 35

Regulation
of directors meetings 35

Calling
meetings 35

Notice
of meetings 35

Period
of notice 35

Use
of technology 35

Place
of meetings 35

Quorum 36

Voting 36

Validity 36

Recording
of dissent 36

Written
resolutions 36

Sole
directors minute 36

20 Permissible directors interests and disclosure 37

Permissible
interests subject to disclosure 37

Notification
of interests 37

Voting
where a director is interested in a matter 37

21 Minutes 38

22 Accounts
and audit 38

Accounting
and other records 38

v

No
automatic right of inspection 38

Sending
of accounts and reports 38

Time
of receipt if documents are published on a website 39

Validity
despite accidental error in publication on website 39

Audit 39

23 Financial
year 40

24 Record
dates 40

25 Dividends 40

Declaration
of dividends by Members 40

Payment
of interim dividends and declaration of final dividends by directors 40

Apportionment
of dividends 41

Right
of set off 41

Power
to pay other than in cash 41

How
payments may be made 42

Dividends
or other moneys not to bear interest in absence of special rights 42

Dividends
unable to be paid or unclaimed 42

26 Capitalisation
of profits 43

Capitalisation
of profits or of any share premium account or capital redemption reserve 43

Applying
an amount for the benefit of members 43

27 Share
premium account 43

Directors
to maintain share premium account 43

Debits
to share premium account 43

28 Seal 44

Company
seal 44

Duplicate
seal 44

When
and how seal is to be used 44

vi

If
no seal is adopted or used 44

Power
to allow non-manual signatures and facsimile printing of seal 44

Validity
of execution 44

29 Indemnity 45

Indemnity 45

Release 45

Insurance 46

Form
of notices 46

Electronic
communications 46

Persons
authorised to give notices 46

Delivery
of written notices 47

Joint
holders 47

Signatures 47

Evidence
of transmission 47

Giving
notice to a deceased or bankrupt Member 47

Date
of giving notices 47

Saving
provision 48

30 Authentication
of Electronic Records 48

Application
of Articles 48

Authentication
of documents sent by Members by Electronic means 48

Authentication
of document sent by the Secretary or Officers of the Company by Electronic means 49

Manner
of signing 49

Saving
provision 49

31 Transfer
by way of continuation 50

32 Winding
up 50

Distribution
of assets in specie 50

No
obligation to accept liability 50

The
directors are authorised to present a winding up petition 50

33 Amendment
of Memorandum and Articles 50

Power
to change name or amend Memorandum 50

Power
to amend these Articles 51

34 Mergers
and Consolidations 51

35 Class
B Share Conversion 51

36 Business
Combination 52

37 Certain
Tax Filings 55

38 Business
Opportunities 56

39 Exclusive
Jurisdiction and Forum 57

vii

Companies
Act (Revised)

Company Limited by Shares

Amended and Restated Articles of Association

of

Ribbon Acquisition Corp 

(Adopted
by special resolution passed on 15 January 2025)

1 Definitions,
interpretation and exclusion of Table A

Definitions

1.1 In
these Articles, the following definitions apply:

Act
means the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands, including any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for the time
being in force.

Amendment
has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 36.11.

Amendment
Redemption Event has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 36.11.

Applicable
Law means, with respect to any person, all provisions of laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, certificates, judgments,
decisions, decrees or orders of any governmental authority applicable to such person.

Approved
Amendment has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 36.11.

Articles
means, as appropriate:

(a) these
articles of association as amended from time to time: or

(b) two
or more particular articles of these Articles;

and
Article refers to a particular article of these Articles.

Audit
Committee means the audit committee of the Company formed pursuant to Article 22.8 hereof, or any successor audit committee.

Auditor
means the person for the time being performing the duties of auditor of the Company.

Automatic
Redemption Event shall have the meaning given to it in Article 36.2.

Business
Combination shall mean the initial acquisition by the Company, whether through a merger, share reconstruction or amalgamation, asset
or share acquisition, exchangeable share transaction, contractual control arrangement or other similar type of transaction, with a Target
Business at Fair Value.

1

Business
Day means a day other than (a) a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorised or obligated by law to close
in New York City (b) a Saturday or (c) a Sunday.

Cayman
Islands means the British Overseas Territory of the Cayman Islands.

Class
A Share means a Class A ordinary share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Class
B Share means a Class B ordinary share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Class
B Share Entitlement means the right of the Sponsor as holder of the Class B Shares (including on an as-converted basis) to 20 per
cent. of all entitlements to income and capital arising in respect of all Shares in issue from time to time.

Clear
Days, in relation to a period of notice, means that period excluding:

(a) the
day when the notice is given or deemed to be given; and

(b) the
day for which it is given or on which it is to take effect.

Clearing
House means a clearing house recognised by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are
listed or quoted on a stock exchange or interdealer quotation system in such jurisdiction.

Company
means the above-named company.

Default
Rate means 10% (ten per cent) per annum.

Designated
Stock Exchange means Nasdaq Capital Market or any other national securities exchange on which the Shares are listed for trading.

Electronic
has the meaning given to that term in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Electronic
Record has the meaning given to that term in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Electronic
Signature has the meaning given to that term in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Equity-Linked
Securities means any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Shares issued in a financing
transaction in connection with a Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt.

Exchange
Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Fair
Value shall mean a value at least equal to 80% of the balance in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriting fees and
any taxes payable on the Trust Account balance) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for a Business Combination.

2

Fully
Paid and Paid Up:

(a) in
relation to a Share with par value, means that the par value for that Share and any premium
payable in respect of the issue of that Share, has been fully paid or credited as paid in
money or moneys worth;

(b) in
relation to a Share without par value, means that the agreed issue price for that Share has
been fully paid or credited as paid in money or moneys worth.

Independent
Director means a director who is an independent director as defined in the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange
as determined by the directors.

Initial
Shareholders means the Sponsor, the directors and officers of the Company or their respective affiliates who hold Shares prior to
the IPO.

IPO
means the initial public offering of units, consisting of Shares and rights of the Company and rights to receive Shares of the Company.

Member
means any person or persons entered on the Register of Members from time to time as the holder of a Share.

Memorandum
means the memorandum of association of the Company as amended from time to time.

Officer
means a person then appointed to hold an office in the Company; and the expression includes a director, alternate director or liquidator.

Ordinary
Resolution means a resolution of a duly constituted general meeting of the Company passed by a simple majority of the votes cast
by, or on behalf of, the Members entitled to vote thereon. The expression also includes a unanimous written resolution.

Over-Allotment
Option means the option of the Underwriters to purchase up to an additional 15% of the firm units (as described at Article 2.4) sold
in the IPO at a price equal to US$10.00 per unit, less underwriting discount and commissions.

Per-Share
Redemption Price means:

(a) with
respect to an Automatic Redemption Event, the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account,
including interest earned (net of taxes payable and less interest to pay dissolution expenses
up to USD100,000) divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares;

(b) with
respect to an Amendment Redemption Event, the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account,
including interest earned but net of taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding
Public Shares; and

(c) with
respect to either a Tender Redemption Offer or a Redemption Offer, the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned (net of taxes payable), divided
by the number of then outstanding Public Shares.

Public
Share means the Class A Shares included in the units issued in the IPO (as described in Article 2.4).

Redemption
Offer has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 36.5(b).

3

Register
of Members means the register of Members maintained in accordance with the Act and includes (except where otherwise stated) any branch
or duplicate register of Members.

Registration
Statement has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 36.10.

SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Secretary
means a person appointed to perform the duties of the secretary of the Company, including a joint, assistant or deputy secretary.

Share
means a Class A Share, Class B Share or a Preference Share in the share capital of the Company; and the expression:

(a) includes
stock (except where a distinction between shares and stock is expressed or implied); and

(b) where
the context permits, also includes a fraction of a share.

Special
Resolution has the meaning given to that term in the Act.

Sponsor
means Ribbon Investment Company Ltd, being the sole Member immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO.

Sponsor
Group means the Sponsor and its respective affiliates, successors and assigns.

Target
Business means any businesses or entity with whom the Company wishes to undertake a Business Combination.

Target
Business Acquisition Period shall mean the period commencing from the effectiveness of the registration statement filed with the
SEC in connection with the Companys IPO up to and including the first to occur of (i) a Business Combination; or (ii) the Termination
Date.

Tax
Filing Authorised Person means such person as any director shall designate from time to time, acting severally.

Tender
Redemption Offer has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 36.5(a).

Termination
Date has the meaning given to it in Article 36.2.

Treasury
Shares means Shares of the Company held in treasury pursuant to the Act and Article 2.16.

Trust
Account means the trust account established by the Company upon the consummation of its IPO and into which a certain amount of the
net proceeds of the IPO, together with a certain amount of the proceeds of a private placement of units simultaneously with the closing
date of the IPO, will be deposited.

Underwriter
means an underwriter of the IPO from time to time, and any successor underwriter.

4

Interpretation

1.2 In
the interpretation of these Articles, the following provisions apply unless the context otherwise
requires:

(a) A
reference in these Articles to a statute is a reference to a statute of the Cayman Islands
as known by its short title, and includes:

(i) any
statutory modification, amendment or re-enactment; and

(ii) any
subordinate legislation or regulations issued under that statute.

Without
limitation to the preceding sentence, a reference to a revised Act of the Cayman Islands is taken to be a reference to the revision of
that Act in force from time to time as amended from time to time.

(b) Headings
are inserted for convenience only and do not affect the interpretation of these Articles,
unless there is ambiguity.

(c) If
a day on which any act, matter or thing is to be done under these Articles is not a Business
Day, the act, matter or thing must be done on the next Business Day.

(d) A
word which denotes the singular also denotes the plural, a word which denotes the plural
also denotes the singular, and a reference to any gender also denotes the other genders.

(e) A
reference to a person includes, as appropriate, a company, trust, partnership, joint venture,
association, body corporate or government agency.

(f) Where
a word or phrase is given a defined meaning another part of speech or grammatical form in
respect to that word or phrase has a corresponding meaning.

(g) All
references to time are to be calculated by reference to time in the place where the Companys
registered office is located.

(h) The
words written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words in a
visible form, but do not include an Electronic Record where the distinction between a document
in writing and an Electronic Record is expressed or implied.

(i) The
words including, include and in particular or any similar expression are to be construed
without limitation.

Exclusion
of Table A Articles

1.3 The
regulations contained in Table A in the First Schedule of the Act and any other regulations
contained in any statute or subordinate legislation are expressly excluded and do not apply
to the Company.

5

2 Shares

Power
to issue Shares and options, with or without special rights

2.1 Subject
to the provisions of the Act and these Articles and, where applicable, the rules of the Designated
Stock Exchange and/or any competent regulatory authority, and without prejudice to any rights
attached to any existing Shares, the directors have general and unconditional authority to
allot (with or without confirming rights of renunciation), issue, grant options over or otherwise
deal with any unissued Shares of the Company to such persons, at such times and on such terms
and conditions as they may decide, save that the directors may not allot, issue, grant options
over or otherwise deal with any unissued Shares to the extent that it may affect the ability
of the Company to carry out a Class B Share Conversion described at Article 35. No Share
may be issued at a discount except in accordance with the provisions of the Act.

2.2 Without
limitation to the preceding Article, the directors may so deal with the unissued Shares of
the Company:

(a) either
at a premium or at par;

(b) with
or without preferred, deferred or other special rights or restrictions whether in regard
to dividend, voting, return of capital or otherwise.

Notwithstanding
the above, following an IPO and prior to a Business Combination, the Company may not issue additional Shares that would entitle the holders
thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote on any Business Combination.

2.3 The
Company may issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar
nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive
any class of Shares or other securities in the Company at such times and on such terms and
conditions as the directors may decide.

2.4 The
Company may issue units of securities in the Company, which may be comprised of Shares, rights,
options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring the
right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares
or other securities in the Company, on such terms and conditions as the directors may decide.
The securities comprising any such units which are issued pursuant to the IPO can only be
traded separately from one another on the 52nd day following the date of the prospectus relating
to the IPO unless the managing Underwriter determines that an earlier date is acceptable,
subject to the Company having filed a current report on Form 8-K containing an audited balance
sheet reflecting the Companys receipt of the gross proceeds of the IPO with the SEC
and a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Prior to such date,
the units can be traded, but the securities comprising such units cannot be traded separately
from one another.

2.5 Each
Share in the Company confers upon the Member:

(a) subject
to Article 33, the right to one vote at a meeting of the Members of the Company or on any
resolution of Members;

(b) the
right to be redeemed on an Automatic Redemption Event in accordance with Article 36.2 or
pursuant to either a Tender Redemption Offer or Redemption Offer in accordance with Article
36.5 or pursuant to an Amendment Redemption Event in accordance with Article 36.11;

6

(c) a
pro rata right in any dividend paid by the Company; and

(d) subject
to satisfaction of and compliance with Article 36, a pro rata right in the distribution of
the surplus assets of the Company on its liquidation provided that in the event that the
Company enters liquidation prior to or without having consummated a Business Combination
then, in such circumstances, in the event any surplus assets (Residual Assets) of
the Company remain following the Company having complied with its applicable obligations
to redeem Public Shares and distribute the funds held in the Trust Account in respect of
such redemptions pursuant to Article 36, the Public Shares shall not have any right to receive
any share of those Residual Assets which are held outside the Trust Account and such Residual
Assets shall be distributed (on a pro rata basis) only in respect of those Shares that are
not Public Shares.

Power
to issue fractions of a Share

2.6 Subject
to the Act, the Company may, but shall not otherwise be obliged to, issue fractions of a
Share of any class or round up or down fractional holdings of Shares to its nearest whole
number. A fraction of a Share shall be subject to and carry the corresponding fraction of
liabilities (whether with respect to calls or otherwise), limitations, preferences, privileges,
qualifications, restrictions, rights and other attributes of a Share of that class of Shares.

Power
to pay commissions and brokerage fees

2.7 The
Company may, in so far as the Act permits, pay a commission to any person in consideration
of that person:

(a) subscribing
or agreeing to subscribe, whether absolutely or conditionally; or

(b) procuring
or agreeing to procure subscriptions, whether absolute or conditional

for
any Shares in the Company. That commission may be satisfied by the payment of cash or the allotment of Fully Paid or partly-paid Shares
or partly in one way and partly in another.

2.8 The
Company may employ a broker in the issue of its capital and pay him any proper commission
or brokerage.

Trusts
not recognised

2.9 Except
as required by Applicable Law:

(a) the
Company shall not be bound by or compelled to recognise in any way (even when notified) any
equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any Share, or (except only as is otherwise
provided by the Articles) any other rights in respect of any Share other than an absolute
right to the entirety thereof in the holder; and

(b) no
person other than the Member shall be recognised by the Company as having any right in a
Share.

Power
to vary class rights

2.10 If
the share capital is divided into different classes of Shares then, unless the terms on which
a class of Shares was issued state otherwise, the rights attaching to a class of Shares may
only be varied if one of the following applies:

7

(a) the
Members holding two thirds of the issued Shares of that class consent in writing to the variation;
or

(b) the
variation is made with the sanction of a Special Resolution passed at a separate general
meeting of the Members holding the issued Shares of that class.

2.11 For
the purpose of paragraph (b) of the preceding Article, all the provisions of these Articles
relating to general meetings apply, mutatis mutandis, to every such separate meeting except
that:

(a) the
necessary quorum shall be one or more persons holding, or representing by proxy, not less
than one third of the issued Shares of the class; and

(b) any
Member holding issued Shares of the class, present in person or by proxy or, in the case
of a corporate Member, by its duly authorised representative, may demand a poll.

2.12 Notwithstanding
Article 2.10, unless the proposed variation is for the purposes of approving, or in conjunction
with, the consummation of a Business Combination, prior to a Business Combination but subject
always to the limitations set out in Article 33 in respect of amendments to the Memorandum
and Articles, the rights attached to the Shares as specified in Article 2.5 may only, whether
or not the Company is being wound up, be varied by a Special Resolution, and any such variation
that has to be approved under this Article shall also be subject to compliance with Article
36.11.

Effect
of new Share issue on existing class rights

2.13 Unless
the terms on which a class of Shares was issued state otherwise, the rights conferred on
the Member holding Shares of any class shall not be deemed to be varied by the creation or
issue of further Shares ranking pari passu with the existing Shares of that class.

Capital
contributions without issue of further Shares

2.14 With
the consent of a Member, the directors may accept a voluntary contribution to the capital
of the Company from that Member without issuing Shares in consideration for that contribution.
In that event, the contribution shall be dealt with in the following manner:

(a) It
shall be treated as if it were a share premium.

(b) Unless
the Member agrees otherwise:

(i) if
the Member holds Shares in a single class of Shares - it shall be credited to the share premium
account for that class of Shares;

(ii) if
the Member holds Shares of more than one class - it shall be credited rateably to the share
premium accounts for those classes of Shares (in the proportion that the sum of the issue
prices for each class of Shares that the Member holds bears to the total issue prices for
all classes of Shares that the Member holds).

(c) It
shall be subject to the provisions of the Act and these Articles applicable to share premiums.

8

No
bearer Shares or warrants

2.15 The
Company shall not issue Shares or warrants to bearers.

Treasury
Shares

2.16 Shares
that the Company purchases, redeems or acquires by way of surrender in accordance with the
Act shall be held as Treasury Shares and not treated as cancelled if:

(a) the
directors so determine prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender of those shares; and

(b) the
relevant provisions of the Memorandum and Articles and the Act are otherwise complied with.

Rights
attaching to Treasury Shares and related matters

2.17 No
dividend may be declared or paid, and no other distribution (whether in cash or otherwise)
of the Companys assets (including any distribution of assets to members on a winding up)
may be made to the Company in respect of a Treasury Share.

2.18 The
Company shall be entered in the Register as the holder of the Treasury Shares. However:

(a) the
Company shall not be treated as a member for any purpose and shall not exercise any right
in respect of the Treasury Shares, and any purported exercise of such a right shall be void;

(b) a
Treasury Share shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting of the Company
and shall not be counted in determining the total number of issued shares at any given time,
whether for the purposes of these Articles or the Act.

2.19 Nothing
in the preceding Article prevents an allotment of Shares as fully paid bonus shares in respect
of a Treasury Share and Shares allotted as fully paid bonus shares in respect of a Treasury
Share shall be treated as Treasury Shares.

2.20 Treasury
Shares may be disposed of by the Company in accordance with the Act and otherwise on such
terms and conditions as the directors determine.

3 Register
of Members

3.1 The
Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained the Register of Members in accordance with
the Act.

3.2 The
directors may determine that the Company shall maintain one or more branch registers of Members
in accordance with the Act. The directors may also determine which Register of Members shall
constitute the principal register and which shall constitute the branch register or registers,
and to vary such determination from time to time.

3.3 The
title to Public Shares may be evidenced and transferred in accordance with the laws applicable
to the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange and, for these purposes, the
Register of Members may be maintained in accordance with Article 40B of the Act.

9

4 Share
certificates

Issue
of share certificates

4.1 A
Member shall only be entitled to a share certificate if the directors resolve that share
certificates shall be issued. Share certificates representing Shares, if any, shall be in
such form as the directors may determine. If the directors resolve that share certificates
shall be issued, upon being entered in the register of Members as the holder of a Share,
the directors may issue to any Member:

(a) without
payment, to one certificate for all the Shares of each class held by that Member (and, upon
transferring a part of the Members holding of Shares of any class, to a certificate for
the balance of that holding); and

(b) upon
payment of such reasonable sum as the directors may determine for every certificate after
the first, to several certificates each for one or more of that Members Shares.

4.2 Every
certificate shall specify the number, class and distinguishing numbers (if any) of the Shares
to which it relates and whether they are Fully Paid or partly paid up. A certificate may
be executed under seal or executed in such other manner as the directors determine.

4.3 Every
certificate shall bear legends required under the Applicable Laws.

4.4 The
Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for Shares held jointly by
several persons and delivery of a certificate for a Share to one joint holder shall be a
sufficient delivery to all of them.

Renewal
of lost or damaged share certificates

4.5 If
a share certificate is defaced, worn-out, lost or destroyed, it may be renewed on such terms
(if any) as to:

(a) evidence;

(b) indemnity;

(c) payment
of the expenses reasonably incurred by the Company in investigating the evidence; and

(d) payment
of a reasonable fee, if any, for issuing a replacement share certificate

as
the directors may determine, and (in the case of defacement or wearing-out) on delivery to the Company of the old certificate.

5 Lien
on Shares

Nature
and scope of lien

5.1 The
Company has a first and paramount lien on all Shares (whether Fully Paid or not) registered
in the name of a Member (whether solely or jointly with others). The lien is for all moneys
payable to the Company by the Member or the Members estate:

(a) either
alone or jointly with any other person, whether or not that other person is a Member; and

10

(b) whether
or not those moneys are presently payable.

5.2 At
any time the directors may declare any Share to be wholly or partly exempt from the provisions
of this Article.

Company
may sell Shares to satisfy lien

5.3 The
Company may sell any Shares over which it has a lien if all of the following conditions are
met:

(a) the
sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable;

(b) the
Company gives notice to the Member holding the Share (or to the person entitled to it in
consequence of the death or bankruptcy of that Member) demanding payment and stating that
if the notice is not complied with the Shares may be sold; and

(c) that
sum is not paid within 14 Clear Days after that notice is deemed to be given under these
Articles.

5.4 The
Shares may be sold in such manner as the directors determine.

5.5 To
the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, the directors shall incur no personal liability
to the Member concerned in respect of the sale.

Authority
to execute instrument of transfer

5.6 To
give effect to a sale, the directors may authorise any person to execute an instrument of
transfer of the Shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser. The
title of the transferee of the Shares shall not be affected by any irregularity or invalidity
in the proceedings in respect of the sale.

Consequences
of sale of Shares to satisfy lien

5.7 On
sale pursuant to the preceding Articles:

(a) the
name of the Member concerned shall be removed from the Register of Members as the holder
of those Shares; and

(b) that
person shall deliver to the Company for cancellation the certificate for those Shares.

Despite
this, that person shall remain liable to the Company for all monies which, at the date of sale, were presently payable by him to the
Company in respect of those Shares. That person shall also be liable to pay interest on those monies from the date of sale until payment
at the rate at which interest was payable before that sale or, failing that, at the Default Rate. The directors may waive payment wholly
or in part or enforce payment without any allowance for the value of the Shares at the time of sale or for any consideration received
on their disposal.

11

Application
of proceeds of sale

5.8 The
net proceeds of the sale, after payment of the costs, shall be applied in payment of so much
of the sum for which the lien exists as is presently payable. Any residue shall be paid to
the person whose Shares have been sold:

(a) if
no certificate for the Shares was issued, at the date of the sale; or

(b) if
a certificate for the Shares was issued, upon surrender to the Company of that certificate
for cancellation

but,
in either case, subject to the Company retaining a like lien for all sums not presently payable as existed on the Shares before the sale.

6 Calls
on Shares and forfeiture

Power
to make calls and effect of calls

6.1 Subject
to the terms of allotment, the directors may make calls on the Members in respect of any
moneys unpaid on their Shares including any premium. The call may provide for payment to
be by instalments. Subject to receiving at least 14 Clear Days notice specifying when and
where payment is to be made, each Member shall pay to the Company the amount called on his
Shares as required by the notice.

6.2 Before
receipt by the Company of any sum due under a call, that call may be revoked in whole or
in part and payment of a call may be postponed in whole or in part. Where a call is to be
paid in instalments, the Company may revoke the call in respect of all or any remaining instalments
in whole or in part and may postpone payment of all or any of the remaining instalments in
whole or in part.

6.3 A
Member on whom a call is made shall remain liable for that call notwithstanding the subsequent
transfer of the Shares in respect of which the call was made. A person shall not be liable
for calls made after such person is no longer registered as Member in respect of those Shares.

Time
when call made

6.4 A
call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the directors authorising
the call was passed.

Liability
of joint holders

6.5 Members
registered as the joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all
calls in respect of the Share.

Interest
on unpaid calls

6.6 If
a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the person from whom it is due
and payable shall pay interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became due and payable
until it is paid:

(a) at
the rate fixed by the terms of allotment of the Share or in the notice of the call; or

12

(b) if
no rate is fixed, at the Default Rate.

The
directors may waive payment of the interest wholly or in part.

Deemed
calls

6.7 Any
amount payable in respect of a Share, whether on allotment or on a fixed date or otherwise,
shall be deemed to be payable as a call. If the amount is not paid when due the provisions
of these Articles shall apply as if the amount had become due and payable by virtue of a
call.

Power
to accept early payment

6.8 The
Company may accept from a Member the whole or a part of the amount remaining unpaid on Shares
held by him although no part of that amount has been called up.

Power
to make different arrangements at time of issue of Shares

6.9 Subject
to the terms of allotment, the directors may make arrangements on the issue of Shares to
distinguish between Members in the amounts and times of payment of calls on their Shares.

Notice
of default

6.10 If
a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the directors may give to the person
from whom it is due not less than 14 Clear Days notice requiring payment of:

(a) the
amount unpaid;

(b) any
interest which may have accrued;

(c) any
expenses which have been incurred by the Company due to that persons default.

6.11 The
notice shall state the following:

(a) the
place where payment is to be made; and

(b) a
warning that if the notice is not complied with the Shares in respect of which the call is
made will be liable to be forfeited.

Forfeiture
or surrender of Shares

6.12 If
the notice under the preceding Article is not complied with, the directors may, before the
payment required by the notice has been received, resolve that any Share the subject of that
notice be forfeited. The forfeiture shall include all dividends or other moneys payable in
respect of the forfeited Share and not paid before the forfeiture. Despite the foregoing,
the directors may determine that any Share the subject of that notice be accepted by the
Company as surrendered by the Member holding that Share in lieu of forfeiture.

6.13 The
directors may accept the surrender for no consideration of any Fully Paid Share.

13

Disposal
of forfeited or surrendered Share and power to cancel forfeiture or surrender

6.14 A
forfeited or surrendered Share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of on such
terms and in such manner as the directors determine either to the former Member who held
that Share or to any other person. The forfeiture or surrender may be cancelled on such terms
as the directors think fit at any time before a sale, re-allotment or other disposition.
Where, for the purposes of its disposal, a forfeited or surrendered Share is to be transferred
to any person, the directors may authorise some person to execute an instrument of transfer
of the Share to the transferee.

Effect
of forfeiture or surrender on former Member

6.15 On
forfeiture or surrender:

(a) the
name of the Member concerned shall be removed from the Register of Members as the holder
of those Shares and that person shall cease to be a Member in respect of those Shares; and

(b) that
person shall surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate (if any) for the forfeited
or surrendered Shares.

6.16 Despite
the forfeiture or surrender of his Shares, that person shall remain liable to the Company
for all moneys which at the date of forfeiture or surrender were presently payable by him
to the Company in respect of those Shares together with:

(a) all
expenses; and

(b) interest
from the date of forfeiture or surrender until payment:

(i) at
the rate of which interest was payable on those moneys before forfeiture; or

(ii) if
no interest was so payable, at the Default Rate.

The
directors, however, may waive payment wholly or in part.

Evidence
of forfeiture or surrender

6.17 A
declaration, whether statutory or under oath, made by a director or the Secretary shall be
conclusive evidence of the following matters stated in it as against all persons claiming
to be entitled to forfeited Shares:

(a) that
the person making the declaration is a director or Secretary of the Company, and

(b) that
the particular Shares have been forfeited or surrendered on a particular date.

Subject
to the execution of an instrument of transfer, if necessary, the declaration shall constitute good title to the Shares.

Sale
of forfeited or surrendered Shares

6.18 Any
person to whom the forfeited or surrendered Shares are disposed of shall not be bound to
see to the application of the consideration, if any, of those Shares nor shall his title
to the Shares
be affected by any irregularity in, or invalidity of the proceedings in respect of, the forfeiture, surrender or disposal of those Shares.

14

7 Transfer
of Shares

Form
of transfer

7.1 Subject
to the following Articles about the transfer of Shares, and provided that such transfer complies
with applicable rules of the SEC, the Designated Stock Exchange and federal and state securities
laws of the United States, a Member may transfer Shares to another person by completing an
instrument of transfer in a common form or in a form prescribed by the Designated Stock Exchange
or in any other form approved by the directors, executed:

(a) where
the Shares are Fully Paid, by or on behalf of that Member; and

(b) where
the Shares are partly paid, by or on behalf of that Member and the transferee.

7.2 The
transferor shall be deemed to remain the holder of a Share until the name of the transferee
is entered into the Register of Members.

Power
to refuse registration

7.3 If
the Shares in question were issued in conjunction with rights, options or warrants issued
pursuant to Article 2.4 on terms that one cannot be transferred without the other, the directors
shall refuse to register the transfer of any such Share without evidence satisfactory to
them of the like transfer of such option or warrant.

Power
to suspend registration

7.4 The
directors may suspend registration of the transfer of Shares at such times and for such periods,
not exceeding 30 days in any calendar year, as they determine.

Company
may retain instrument of transfer

7.5 The
Company shall be entitled to retain any instrument of transfer which is registered; but an
instrument of transfer which the directors refuse to register shall be returned to the person
lodging it when notice of the refusal is given.

8 Transmission
of Shares

Persons
entitled on death of a Member

8.1 If
a Member dies, the only persons recognised by the Company as having any title to the deceased
Members interest are the following:

(a) where
the deceased Member was a joint holder, the survivor or survivors; and

(b) where
the deceased Member was a sole holder, that Members personal representative or representatives.

8.2 Nothing
in these Articles shall release the deceased Members estate from any liability in respect
of any Share, whether the deceased was a sole holder or a joint holder.

15

Registration
of transfer of a Share following death or bankruptcy

8.3 A
person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member
may elect to do either of the following:

(a) to
become the holder of the Share; or

(b) to
transfer the Share to another person.

8.4 That
person must produce such evidence of his entitlement as the directors may properly require.

8.5 If
the person elects to become the holder of the Share, he must give notice to the Company to
that effect. For the purposes of these Articles, that notice shall be treated as though it
were an executed instrument of transfer.

8.6 If
the person elects to transfer the Share to another person then:

(a) if
the Share is Fully Paid, the transferor must execute an instrument of transfer; and

(b) if
the Share is partly paid, the transferor and the transferee must execute an instrument of
transfer.

8.7 All
the Articles relating to the transfer of Shares shall apply to the notice or, as appropriate,
the instrument of transfer.

Indemnity

8.8 A
person registered as a Member by reason of the death or bankruptcy of another Member shall
indemnify the Company and the directors against any loss or damage suffered by the Company
or the directors as a result of that registration.

Rights
of person entitled to a Share following death or bankruptcy

8.9 A
person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy of a Member shall
have the rights to which he would be entitled if he were registered as the holder of the
Share. However, until he is registered as Member in respect of the Share, he shall not be
entitled to attend or vote at any meeting of the Company or at any separate meeting of the
holders of that class of Shares in the Company.

9 Alteration
of capital

Increasing,
consolidating, converting, dividing and cancelling share capital

9.1 To
the fullest extent permitted by the Act, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution do any of
the following and amend its Memorandum for that purpose:

(a) increase
its share capital by new Shares of the amount fixed by that Ordinary Resolution and with
the attached rights, priorities and privileges set out in that Ordinary Resolution;

16

(b) consolidate
and divide all or any of its share capital into Shares of larger amount than its existing
Shares;

(c) convert
all or any of its Paid Up Shares into stock, and reconvert that stock into Paid Up Shares
of any denomination;

(d) sub-divide
its Shares or any of them into Shares of an amount smaller than that fixed by the Memorandum,
so, however, that in the sub-division, the proportion between the amount paid and the amount,
if any, unpaid on each reduced Share shall be the same as it was in case of the Share from
which the reduced Share is derived; and

(e) cancel
Shares which, at the date of the passing of that Ordinary Resolution, have not been taken
or agreed to be taken by any person, and diminish the amount of its share capital by the
amount of the Shares so cancelled or, in the case of Shares without nominal par value, diminish
the number of Shares into which its capital is divided.

Dealing
with fractions resulting from consolidation of Shares

9.2 Whenever,
as a result of a consolidation of Shares, any Members would become entitled to fractions
of a Share the directors may on behalf of those Members:

(a) sell
the Shares representing the fractions for the best price reasonably obtainable to any person
(including, subject to the provisions of the Act, the Company); and

(b) distribute
the net proceeds in due proportion among those Members.

For
that purpose, the directors may authorise some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Shares to, or in accordance with the
directions of, the purchaser. The transferee shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money nor shall the transferees
title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity in, or invalidity of, the proceedings in respect of the sale.

Reducing
share capital

9.3 Subject
to the Act and to any rights for the time being conferred on the Members holding a particular
class of Shares, the Company may, by Special Resolution, reduce its share capital in any
way.

10 Redemption
and purchase of own Shares

Power
to issue redeemable Shares and to purchase own Shares

10.1 Subject
to the Act and Article 36, and to any rights for the time being conferred on the Members
holding a particular class of Shares, and, where applicable, the rules of the Designated
Stock Exchange and/or any competent regulatory authority, the Company may by its directors:

(a) issue
Shares that are to be redeemed or liable to be redeemed, at the option of the Company or
the Member holding those redeemable Shares, on the terms and in the manner its directors
determine before the issue of those Shares;

(b) with
the consent by Special Resolution of the Members holding Shares of a particular class, vary
the rights attaching to that class of Shares so as to provide that those Shares
are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of the Company on the terms and in the manner which the directors determine
at the time of such variation; and

17

(c) purchase
all or any of its own Shares of any class including any redeemable Shares on the terms and
in the manner which the directors determine at the time of such purchase.

The
Company may make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in any manner authorised by the Act, including
out of any combination of the following: capital, its profits and the proceeds of a fresh issue of Shares.

10.2 With
respect to redeeming or repurchasing the Shares:

(a) Members
who hold Public Shares are entitled to request the redemption of such Shares in the circumstances
described in Article 36.5;

(b) Class
B Shares held by the Sponsor shall, following consummation of the IPO, be surrendered by
the Sponsor on a pro rata basis for no consideration to the extent that the Over-Allotment
Option is not exercised in full so that the Class B Shares will at all times represent 20%
of the Companys issued Shares after the IPO; and

(c) Public
Shares shall be repurchased by way of tender offer in the circumstances set out in Article
36.5.

Power
to pay for redemption or purchase in cash or in specie

10.3 When
making a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of Shares, the directors may make
the payment in cash or in specie (or partly in one and partly in the other) if so authorised
by the terms of the allotment of those Shares, or by the terms applying to those Shares in
accordance with Article 10.1, or otherwise by agreement with the Member holding those Shares.

Effect
of redemption or purchase of a Share

10.4 Upon
the date of redemption or purchase of a Share:

(a) the
Member holding that Share shall cease to be entitled to any rights in respect of the Share
other than the right to receive:

(i) the
price for the Share; and

(ii) any
dividend declared in respect of the Share prior to the date of redemption or purchase;

(b) the
Members name shall be removed from the Register of Members with respect to the Share; and

(c) the
Share shall be cancelled or held as a Treasury Shares, as the directors may determine.

For
the purpose of this Article, the date of redemption or purchase is the date when the redemption or purchase falls due.

18

10.5 For
the avoidance of doubt, redemptions and repurchases of Shares in the circumstances described
in Articles 10.2(a), 10.2(b) and 10.2(c) above shall not require further approval of the
Members.

11 Meetings
of Members

Power
to call meetings

11.1 To
the extent required by the Designated Stock Exchange, an annual general meeting of the Company
shall be held no later than one year after the first financial year end occurring after the
IPO, and shall be held in each year thereafter at such time as determined by the directors
and the Company may, but shall not (unless required by the Act or the rules and regulations
of the Designated Stock Exchange) be obliged to, in each year hold any other general meeting.

11.2 The
agenda of the annual general meeting shall be set by the directors and shall include the
presentation of the Companys annual accounts and the report of the directors (if any).

11.3 Annual
general meetings shall be held in New York, USA or in such other places as the directors
may determine.

11.4 All
general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be called extraordinary general
meetings and the Company shall specify the meeting as such in the notices calling it.

11.5 The
directors may call a general meeting at any time.

11.6 If
there are insufficient directors to constitute a quorum and the remaining directors are unable
to agree on the appointment of additional directors, the directors must call a general meeting
for the purpose of appointing additional directors.

11.7 The
directors must also call a general meeting if requisitioned in the manner set out in the
next two Articles.

11.8 The
requisition must be in writing and given by one or more Members who together hold at least
10% of the rights to vote at such general meeting.

11.9 The
requisition must also:

(a) specify
the purpose of the meeting.

(b) be
signed by or on behalf of each requisitioner (and for this purpose each joint holder shall
be obliged to sign). The requisition may consist of several documents in like form signed
by one or more of the requisitioners.

(c) be
delivered in accordance with the notice provisions.

11.10 Should
the directors fail to call a general meeting within 21 Clear Days from the date of receipt
of a requisition, the requisitioners or any of them may call a general meeting within three
months after the end of that period.

19

11.11 Without
limitation to the foregoing, if there are insufficient directors to constitute a quorum and
the remaining directors are unable to agree on the appointment of additional directors, any
one or more Members who together hold at least 10% of the rights to vote at a general meeting
may call a general meeting for the purpose of considering the business specified in the notice
of meeting which shall include as an item of business the appointment of additional directors.

11.12 Members
seeking to bring business before the annual general meeting or to nominate candidates for
election as Directors at the annual general meeting must deliver notice to the principal
executive offices of the Company not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor
earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the scheduled date of the annual
general meeting.

Content
of notice

11.13 Notice
of a general meeting shall specify each of the following:

(a) the
place, the date and the hour of the meeting;

(b) if
the meeting is to be held in two or more places, the technology that will be used to facilitate
the meeting;

(c) subject
to paragraph (d), the general nature of the business to be transacted; and

(d) if
a resolution is proposed as a Special Resolution, the text of that resolution.

11.14 In
each notice there shall appear with reasonable prominence the following statements:

(a) that
a Member who is entitled to attend and vote is entitled to appoint one or more proxies to
attend and vote instead of that Member; and

(b) that
a proxyholder need not be a Member.

Period
of notice

11.15 At
least five days notice of a general meeting must be given to Members, provided that a general
meeting of the Company shall, whether or not the notice specified in this Article has been
given and whether or not the provisions of the Articles regarding general meetings have been
complied with, be deemed to have been duly convened if it is so agreed:

(a) in
the case of an annual general meeting, by all of the Members entitled to attend and vote
thereat; and

(b) in
the case of an extraordinary general meeting, by a majority in number of the Members having
a right to attend and vote at the meeting, together holding not less than 95% in par value
of the Shares giving that right.

Persons
entitled to receive notice

11.16 Subject
to the provisions of these Articles and to any restrictions imposed on any Shares, the notice
shall be given to the following people:

(a) the
Members;

20

(b) persons
entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member; and

(c) the
directors.

Publication
of notice on a website

11.17 Subject
to the Act or the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange, a notice of a general meeting may
be published on a website providing the recipient is given separate notice of:

(a) the
publication of the notice on the website;

(b) the
place on the website where the notice may be accessed;

(c) how
it may be accessed; and

(d) the
place, date and time of the general meeting.

11.18 If
a Member notifies the Company that he is unable for any reason to access the website, the
Company must as soon as practicable give notice of the meeting to that Member by any other
means permitted by these Articles. This will not affect when that Member is deemed to have
received notice of the meeting.

Time
a website notice is deemed to be given

11.19 A
website notice is deemed to be given when the Member is given notice of its publication.

Required
duration of publication on a website

11.20 Where
the notice of meeting is published on a website, it shall continue to be published in the
same place on that website from the date of the notification until at least the conclusion
of the meeting to which the notice relates.

Accidental
omission to give notice or non-receipt of notice

11.21 Proceedings
at a meeting shall not be invalidated by the following:

(a) an
accidental failure to give notice of the meeting to any person entitled to notice; or

(b) non-receipt
of notice of the meeting by any person entitled to notice.

11.22 In
addition, where a notice of meeting is published on a website, proceedings at the meeting
shall not be invalidated merely because it is accidentally published:

(a) in
a different place on the website; or

(b) for
part only of the period from the date of the notification until the conclusion of the meeting
to which the notice relates.

21

12 Proceedings
at meetings of Members

Quorum

12.1 Save
as provided in the following Article, no business shall be transacted at any meeting unless
a quorum is present in person or by proxy. One or more Members who together hold not less
than one-third of the issued and outstanding Shares entitled to attend and vote at such meeting
being individuals present in person or by proxy or if a corporation or other non-natural
person by its duly authorised representative or proxy shall be a quorum.

Lack
of quorum

12.2 If
a quorum is not present within 15 minutes of the time appointed for the meeting, or if at
any time during the meeting it becomes inquorate, then the following provisions apply:

(a) If
the meeting was requisitioned by Members, it shall be cancelled.

(b) In
any other case, the meeting shall stand adjourned to the same time and place seven days hence,
or to such other time or place as is determined by the directors. If a quorum is not present
within 15 minutes of the time appointed for the adjourned meeting, then the meeting shall
be dissolved.

Use
of technology

12.3 A
person may participate in a general meeting through the medium of conference telephone, video
or any other form of communications equipment providing all persons participating in the
meeting are able to hear and speak to each other throughout the meeting. A person participating
in this way is deemed to be present in person at the meeting.

Chairman

12.4 The
chairman of a general meeting shall be the chairman of the board or such other director as
the directors have nominated to chair board meetings in the absence of the chairman of the
board. Absent any such person being present within 15 minutes of the time appointed for the
meeting, the directors present shall elect one of their number to chair the meeting.

12.5 If
no director is present within 15 minutes of the time appointed for the meeting, or if no
director is willing to act as chairman, the Members present in person or by proxy and entitled
to vote shall choose one of their number to chair the meeting.

Right
of a director to attend and speak

12.6 Even
if a director is not a Member, he shall be entitled to attend and speak at any general meeting
and at any separate meeting of Members holding a particular class of Shares in the Company.

Adjournment

12.7 The
chairman may at any time adjourn a meeting with the consent of the Members constituting a
quorum. The chairman must adjourn the meeting if so directed by the meeting. No business,
however, can be transacted at an adjourned meeting other than business which might properly
have been transacted at the original meeting.

22

12.8 Should
a meeting be adjourned for more than twenty Clear Days, whether because of a lack of quorum
or otherwise, Members shall be given at least five Clear Days notice of the date, time and
place of the adjourned meeting and the general nature of the business to be transacted. Otherwise
it shall not be necessary to give any notice of the adjournment.

Method
of voting

12.9 A
resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a poll.

Taking
of a poll

12.10 A
poll demanded on the question of adjournment shall be taken immediately.

12.11 A
poll demanded on any other question shall be taken either immediately or at an adjourned
meeting at such time and place as the chairman directs, not being more than 30 Clear Days
after the poll was demanded.

12.12 The
demand for a poll shall not prevent the meeting continuing to transact any business other
than the question on which the poll was demanded.

12.13 A
poll shall be taken in such manner as the chairman directs. He may appoint scrutineers (who
need not be Members) and fix a place and time for declaring the result of the poll. If, through
the aid of technology, the meeting is held in more than place, the chairman may appoint scrutineers
in more than place; but if he considers that the poll cannot be effectively monitored at
that meeting, the chairman shall adjourn the holding of the poll to a date, place and time
when that can occur.

Chairmans
casting vote

12.14 If
the votes on a resolution are equal, the chairman may if he wishes exercise a casting vote.

Amendments
to resolutions

12.15 An
Ordinary Resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by Ordinary Resolution
if:

(a) not
less than 48 hours before the meeting is to take place (or such later time as the chairman
of the meeting may determine), notice of the proposed amendment is given to the Company in
writing by a Member entitled to vote at that meeting; and

(b) the
proposed amendment does not, in the reasonable opinion of the chairman of the meeting, materially
alter the scope of the resolution.

12.16 A
Special Resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by Ordinary Resolution,
if:

(a) the
chairman of the meeting proposes the amendment at the general meeting at which the resolution
is to be proposed, and

(b) the
amendment does not go beyond what the chairman considers is necessary to correct a grammatical
or other non-substantive error in the resolution.

23

12.17 If
the chairman of the meeting, acting in good faith, wrongly decides that an amendment to a
resolution is out of order, the chairmans error does not invalidate the vote on that resolution.

Written
resolutions

12.18 Members
may pass a resolution in writing without holding a meeting if the following conditions are
met:

(a) all
Members entitled so to vote are given notice of the resolution as if the same were being
proposed at a meeting of Members;

(b) all
Members entitled so to vote :

(i) sign
a document; or

(ii) sign
several documents in the like form each signed by one or more of those Members; and

(c) the
signed document or documents is or are delivered to the Company, including, if the Company
so nominates, by delivery of an Electronic Record by Electronic means to the address specified
for that purpose.

Such
written resolution shall be as effective as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Members entitled to vote duly convened and held.

12.19 If
a written resolution is described as a Special Resolution or as an Ordinary Resolution, it
has effect accordingly.

12.20 The
directors may determine the manner in which written resolutions shall be put to Members.
In particular, they may provide, in the form of any written resolution, for each Member to
indicate, out of the number of votes the Member would have been entitled to cast at a meeting
to consider the resolution, how many votes he wishes to cast in favour of the resolution
and how many against the resolution or to be treated as abstentions. The result of any such
written resolution shall be determined on the same basis as on a poll.

Sole-member
company

12.21 If
the Company has only one Member, and the Member records in writing his decision on a question,
that record shall constitute both the passing of a resolution and the minute of it.

13 Voting
rights of Members

Right
to vote

13.1 Unless
their Shares carry no right to vote, or unless a call or other amount presently payable has
not been paid, all Members are entitled to vote at a general meeting, and all Members holding
Shares of a particular class of Shares are entitled to vote at a meeting of the holders of
that class of Shares.

13.2 Members
may vote in person or by proxy.

24

13.3 Every
Member shall have one vote for each Share he holds, unless any Share carries special voting
rights.

13.4 A
fraction of a Share shall entitle its holder to an equivalent fraction of one vote.

13.5 No
Member is bound to vote on his Shares or any of them; nor is he bound to vote each of his
Shares in the same way.

Rights
of joint holders

13.6 If
Shares are held jointly, only one of the joint holders may vote. If more than one of the
joint holders tenders a vote, the vote of the holder whose name in respect of those Shares
appears first in the Register of Members shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes
of the other joint holder.

Representation
of corporate Members

13.7 Save
where otherwise provided, a corporate Member must act by a duly authorised representative.

13.8 A
corporate Member wishing to act by a duly authorised representative must identify that person
to the Company by notice in writing.

13.9 The
authorisation may be for any period of time, and must be delivered to the Company not less
than two hours before the commencement of the meeting at which it is first used.

13.10 The
directors of the Company may require the production of any evidence which they consider necessary
to determine the validity of the notice.

13.11 Where
a duly authorised representative is present at a meeting that Member is deemed to be present
in person; and the acts of the duly authorised representative are personal acts of that Member.

13.12 A
corporate Member may revoke the appointment of a duly authorised representative at any time
by notice to the Company; but such revocation will not affect the validity of any acts carried
out by the duly authorised representative before the directors of the Company had actual
notice of the revocation.

13.13 If
a clearing house (or its nominee(s)), being a corporation, is a Member, it may authorise
such persons as it sees fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or
at any meeting of any class of Members provided that the authorisation shall specify the
number and class of Shares in respect of which each such representative is so authorised.
Each person so authorised under the provisions of this Article shall be deemed to have been
duly authorised without further evidence of the facts and be entitled to exercise the same
rights and powers on behalf of the clearing house (or its nominee(s)) as if such person was
the registered holder of such Shares held by the clearing house (or its nominee(s)).

Member
with mental disorder

13.14 A
Member in respect of whom an order has been made by any court having jurisdiction (whether
in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere) in matters concerning mental disorder may vote,
by that Members receiver, curator bonis or other person authorised in that behalf appointed by that court.

25

13.15 For
the purpose of the preceding Article, evidence to the satisfaction of the directors of the
authority of the person claiming to exercise the right to vote must be received not less
than 24 hours before holding the relevant meeting or the adjourned meeting in any manner
specified for the delivery of forms of appointment of a proxy, whether in writing or by Electronic
means. In default, the right to vote shall not be exercisable.

Objections
to admissibility of votes

13.16 An
objection to the validity of a persons vote may only be raised at the meeting or at the
adjourned meeting at which the vote is sought to be tendered. Any objection duly made shall
be referred to the chairman whose decision shall be final and conclusive.

Form
of proxy

13.17 An
instrument appointing a proxy shall be in any common form or in any other form approved by
the directors.

13.18 The
instrument must be in writing and signed in one of the following ways:

(a) by
the Member; or

(b) by
the Members authorised attorney; or

(c) if
the Member is a corporation or other body corporate, under seal or signed by an authorised
officer, secretary or attorney.

If
the directors so resolve, the Company may accept an Electronic Record of that instrument delivered in the manner specified below and
otherwise satisfying the Articles about authentication of Electronic Records.

13.19 The
directors may require the production of any evidence which they consider necessary to determine
the validity of any appointment of a proxy.

13.20 A
Member may revoke the appointment of a proxy at any time by notice to the Company duly signed
in accordance with the Article above about signing proxies; but such revocation will not
affect the validity of any acts carried out by the proxy before the directors of the Company
had actual notice of the revocation.

How
and when proxy is to be delivered

13.21 Subject
to the following Articles, the form of appointment of a proxy and any authority under which
it is signed (or a copy of the authority certified notarially or in any other way approved
by the directors) must be delivered so that it is received by the Company not less than 48
hours before the time for holding the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the person named
in the form of appointment of proxy proposes to vote. They must be delivered in either of
the following ways:

(a) In
the case of an instrument in writing, it must be left at or sent by post:

(i) to
the registered office of the Company; or

(ii) to
such other place specified in the notice convening the meeting or in any form of appointment
of proxy sent out by the Company in relation to the meeting.

26

(b) If,
pursuant to the notice provisions, a notice may be given to the Company in an Electronic
Record, an Electronic Record of an appointment of a proxy must be sent to the address specified
pursuant to those provisions unless another address for that purpose is specified:

(i) in
the notice convening the meeting; or

(ii) in
any form of appointment of a proxy sent out by the Company in relation to the meeting; or

(iii) in
any invitation to appoint a proxy issued by the Company in relation to the meeting.

13.22 Where
a poll is taken:

(a) if
it is taken more than seven Clear Days after it is demanded, the form of appointment of a
proxy and any accompanying authority (or an Electronic Record of the same) must be delivered
as required under the preceding Article not less than 24 hours before the time appointed
for the taking of the poll;

(b) but
if it to be taken within seven Clear Days after it was demanded, the form of appointment
of a proxy and any accompanying authority (or an Electronic Record of the same) must be e
delivered as required under the preceding Article not less than two hours before the time
appointed for the taking of the poll.

13.23 If
the form of appointment of proxy is not delivered on time, it is invalid.

Voting
by proxy

13.24 A
proxy shall have the same voting rights at a meeting or adjourned meeting as the Member would
have had except to the extent that the instrument appointing him limits those rights. Notwithstanding
the appointment of a proxy, a Member may attend and vote at a meeting or adjourned meeting.
If a Member votes on any resolution a vote by his proxy on the same resolution, unless in
respect of different Shares, shall be invalid.

14 Number
of directors

Unless
otherwise determined by Ordinary Resolution, the minimum number of directors shall be one and there shall be no maximum.

15 Appointment,
disqualification and removal of directors

No
age limit

15.1 There
is no age limit for directors save that they must be aged at least 18 years.

27

Corporate
directors

15.2 Unless
prohibited by law, a body corporate may be a director. If a body corporate is a director,
the Articles about representation of corporate Members at general meetings apply, mutatis
mutandis, to the Articles about directors meetings.

No
shareholding qualification

15.3 Unless
a shareholding qualification for directors is fixed by Ordinary Resolution, no director shall
be required to own Shares as a condition of his appointment.

Appointment
and removal of directors

15.4 The
directors shall be divided into three classes: Class I, Class II and Class III with only
one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors
appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. The number
of directors in each class shall be as nearly equal as possible. Immediately prior to the
consummation of the IPO, the existing directors shall by resolution classify themselves as
Class I, Class II or Class III directors. The Class I directors shall stand elected for a
term expiring at the Companys first annual general meeting, the Class II directors
shall stand elected for a term expiring at the Companys second annual general meeting
and the Class III directors shall stand elected for a term expiring at the Companys
third annual general meeting. Commencing at the Companys first annual general meeting,
and at each annual general meeting thereafter, directors elected to succeed those directors
whose terms expire shall be elected for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding
annual general meeting after their election. All directors shall hold office until the expiration
of their respective terms of office and until their successors shall have been elected and
qualified.

15.5 Prior
to the closing of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution of the holders
of the Class B Shares appoint any person to be a director or may by Ordinary Resolution of
the holders of the Class B Shares remove any director. For the avoidance of doubt, prior
to the closing of a Business Combination holders of Class A Shares shall have no right to
vote on the appointment or removal of any director. This Article may only be amended by a
Special Resolution passed by holders representing at least 90% of the outstanding Class B
Shares.

15.6 Subject
to Article 15.4 and 15.5, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution appoint any person to be
a director.

15.7 Subject
to death, resignation or removal, and with the exception of those directors appointed prior
to the first annual general meeting of the Company, each director shall serve a term of office
that will expire at the third succeeding annual general meeting after their appointment or
election.

15.8 A
director may be removed from office with or without cause by (following the consummation
of the Business Combination but not at any time before) an Ordinary Resolution passed at
a meeting of Members called for the purposes of removing the director or for purposes including
the removal of the director.

28

15.9 Subject
to Article 15.4 and Article 15.5, the directors shall have power at any time to appoint any
person to be a director who:

(a) is
recommended as a director nominee by a majority of the Independent Directors; and

(b) is
willing to act as a director,

either
to fill a vacancy or as an additional director. A director elected to fill a vacancy resulting from the death, resignation or removal
of a director shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the director whose death, resignation or removal shall have created such
vacancy and until his successor shall have been elected and qualified.

15.10 Notwithstanding
the other provisions of these Articles, in any case where, as a result of death, the Company
has no directors and no shareholders, the personal representatives of the last shareholder
to have died have the power, by notice in writing to the Company, to appoint a person to
be a director. For the purpose of this Article:

(a) where
two or more shareholders die in circumstances rendering it uncertain who was the last to
die, a younger shareholder is deemed to have survived an older shareholder;

(b) if
the last shareholder died leaving a will which disposes of that shareholders shares
in the Company (whether by way of specific gift, as part of the residuary estate, or otherwise):

(i) the
expression personal representatives of the last shareholder means:

(A) until
a grant of probate in respect of that will has been obtained from the Grand Court of the
Cayman Islands, all of the executors named in that will who are living at the time the power
of appointment under this Article is exercised; and

(B) after
such grant of probate has been obtained, only such of those executors who have proved that
will;

(ii) without
derogating from section 3(1) of the Succession Act (Revised), the executors named in that
will may exercise the power of appointment under this Article without first obtaining a grant
of probate.

15.11 A
remaining director may appoint a director even though there is not a quorum of directors.

15.12 No
appointment can cause the number of directors to exceed the maximum; and any such appointment
shall be invalid.

15.13 For
so long as Shares are listed on a Designated Stock Exchange, the directors shall include
at least such number of Independent Directors as Applicable Law or the rules and regulations
of the Designated Stock Exchange require, subject to applicable phase-in rules of the Designated
Stock Exchange.

Resignation
of directors

15.14 A
director may at any time resign office by giving to the Company notice in writing or, if
permitted pursuant to the notice provisions, in an Electronic Record delivered in either
case in accordance with those provisions.

15.15 Unless
the notice specifies a different date, the director shall be deemed to have resigned on the
date that the notice is delivered to the Company.

29

Termination
of the office of director

15.16 A
directors office shall be terminated forthwith if:

(a) he
is prohibited by the law of the Cayman Islands from acting as a director; or

(b) he
is made bankrupt or makes an arrangement or composition with his creditors generally; or

(c) in
the opinion of a registered medical practitioner by whom he is being treated he becomes physically
or mentally incapable of acting as a director; or

(d) he
is made subject to any law relating to mental health or incompetence, whether by court order
or otherwise;

(e) without
the consent of the other directors, he is absent from meetings of directors for a continuous
period of six months; or

(f) all
of the other directors (being not less than two in number) determine that he should be removed
as a director, either by a resolution passed by all of the other directors at a meeting of
the directors duly convened and held in accordance with the Articles or by a resolution in
writing signed by all of the other directors.

16 Alternate
directors

Appointment
and removal

16.1 Until
the consummation of a Business Combination, a director may not appoint an alternate. Following
the consummation of a Business Combination, Articles 16.2 to 16.5 inclusive shall apply.

16.2 Subject
to Article 16.1, any director may appoint any other person, including another director, to
act in his place as an alternate director. No appointment shall take effect until the director
has given notice of the appointment to the other directors. Such notice must be given to
each other director by either of the following methods:

(a) by
notice in writing in accordance with the notice provisions;

(b) if
the other director has an email address, by emailing to that address a scanned copy of the
notice as a PDF attachment (the PDF version being deemed to be the notice unless Article
30.7 applies), in which event notice shall be taken to be given on the date of receipt by
the recipient in readable form. For the avoidance of doubt, the same email may be sent to
the email address of more than one director (and to the email address of the Company pursuant
to Article 16.4(c)).

16.3 Without
limitation to the preceding Article, a director may appoint an alternate for a particular
meeting by sending an email to his fellow directors informing them that they are to take
such email as notice of such appointment for such meeting. Such appointment shall be effective without
the need for a signed notice of appointment or the giving of notice to the Company in accordance with Article 16.4.

30

16.4 A
director may revoke his appointment of an alternate at any time. No revocation shall take
effect until the director has given notice of the revocation to the other directors. Such
notice must be given by either of the methods specified in Article 16.2.

16.5 A
notice of appointment or removal of an alternate director must also be given to the Company
by any of the following methods:

(a) by
notice in writing in accordance with the notice provisions;

(b) if
the Company has a facsimile address for the time being, by sending by facsimile transmission
to that facsimile address a facsimile copy or, otherwise, by sending by facsimile transmission
to the facsimile address of the Companys registered office a facsimile copy (in either case,
the facsimile copy being deemed to be the notice unless Article 30.7 applies), in which event
notice shall be taken to be given on the date of an error-free transmission report from the
senders fax machine;

(c) if
the Company has an email address for the time being, by emailing to that email address a
scanned copy of the notice as a PDF attachment or, otherwise, by emailing to the email address
provided by the Companys registered office a scanned copy of the notice as a PDF attachment
(in either case, the PDF version being deemed to be the notice unless Article 30.7 applies),
in which event notice shall be taken to be given on the date of receipt by the Company or
the Companys registered office (as appropriate) in readable form; or

(d) if
permitted pursuant to the notice provisions, in some other form of approved Electronic Record
delivered in accordance with those provisions in writing.

Notices

16.6 All
notices of meetings of directors shall continue to be given to the appointing director and
not to the alternate.

Rights
of alternate director

16.7 An
alternate director shall be entitled to attend and vote at any board meeting or meeting of
a committee of the directors at which the appointing director is not personally present,
and generally to perform all the functions of the appointing director in his absence.

16.8 For
the avoidance of doubt:

(a) if
another director has been appointed an alternate director for one or more directors, he shall
be entitled to a separate vote in his own right as a director and in right of each other
director for whom he has been appointed an alternate; and

(b) if
a person other than a director has been appointed an alternate director for more than one
director, he shall be entitled to a separate vote in right of each director for whom he has
been appointed an alternate.

31

16.9 An
alternate director, however, is not entitled to receive any remuneration from the Company
for services rendered as an alternate director.

Appointment
ceases when the appointor ceases to be a director

16.10 An
alternate director shall cease to be an alternate director if the director who appointed
him ceases to be a director.

Status
of alternate director

16.11 An
alternate director shall carry out all functions of the director who made the appointment.

16.12 Save
where otherwise expressed, an alternate director shall be treated as a director under these
Articles.

16.13 An
alternate director is not the agent of the director appointing him.

16.14 An
alternate director is not entitled to any remuneration for acting as alternate director.

Status
of the director making the appointment

16.15 A
director who has appointed an alternate is not thereby relieved from the duties which he
owes the Company.

17 Powers
of directors

Powers
of directors

17.1 Subject
to the provisions of the Act, the Memorandum and these Articles, the business of the Company
shall be managed by the directors who may for that purpose exercise all the powers of the
Company.

17.2 No
prior act of the directors shall be invalidated by any subsequent alteration of the Memorandum
or these Articles. However, to the extent allowed by the Act, following the consummation
of the IPO Members may by Special Resolution validate any prior or future act of the directors
which would otherwise be in breach of their duties.

Appointments
to office

17.3 The
directors may appoint a director:

(a) as
chairman of the board of directors;

(b) as
vice-chairman of the board of directors;

(c) as
managing director;

(d) to
any other executive office

for
such period and on such terms, including as to remuneration, as they think fit.

17.4 The
appointee must consent in writing to holding that office.

32

17.5 Where
a chairman is appointed he shall, unless unable to do so, preside at every meeting of directors.

17.6 If
there is no chairman, or if the chairman is unable to preside at a meeting, that meeting
may select its own chairman; or the directors may nominate one of their number to act in
place of the chairman should he ever not be available.

17.7 Subject
to the provisions of the Act, the directors may also appoint any person, who need not be
a director:

(a) as
Secretary; and

(b) to
any office that may be required (including, for the avoidance of doubt, one or more chief
executive officers, presidents, a chief financial officer, a treasurer, vice-presidents,
one or more assistant vice-presidents, one or more assistant treasurers and one or more assistant
secretaries),

for
such period and on such terms, including as to remuneration, as they think fit. In the case of an Officer, that Officer may be given
any title the directors decide.

17.8 The
Secretary or Officer must consent in writing to holding that office.

17.9 A
director, Secretary or other Officer of the Company may not hold the office, or perform the
services, of Auditor.

Remuneration

17.10 The
remuneration to be paid to the directors, if any, shall be such remuneration as the directors
shall determine, provided that no cash remuneration shall be paid to any director prior to
the consummation of a Business Combination. The directors shall also, whether prior to or
after the consummation of a Business Combination, be entitled to be paid all out of pocket
expenses properly incurred by them in connection with activities on behalf of the Company,
including identifying and consummating a Business Combination.

17.11 Remuneration
may take any form and may include arrangements to pay pensions, health insurance, death or
sickness benefits, whether to the director or to any other person connected to or related
to him.

17.12 Unless
his fellow directors determine otherwise, a director is not accountable to the Company for
remuneration or other benefits received from any other company which is in the same group
as the Company or which has common shareholdings.

Disclosure
of information

17.13 The
directors may release or disclose to a third party any information regarding the affairs
of the Company, including any information contained in the Register of Members relating to
a Member, (and they may authorise any director, Officer or other authorised agent of the
Company to release or disclose to a third party any such information in his possession) if:

(a) the
Company or that person, as the case may be, is lawfully required to do so under the laws
of any jurisdiction to which the Company is subject; or

33

(b) such
disclosure is in compliance with the rules of any stock exchange upon which the Companys
shares are listed; or

(c) such
disclosure is in accordance with any contract entered into by the Company; or

(d) the
directors are of the opinion such disclosure would assist or facilitate the Companys
operations.

18 Delegation
of powers

Power
to delegate any of the directors powers to a committee

18.1 The
directors may delegate any of their powers to any committee consisting of one or more persons
who need not be Members. Persons on the committee may include non-directors so long as the
majority of those persons are directors.

18.2 The
delegation may be collateral with, or to the exclusion of, the directors own powers.

18.3 The
delegation may be on such terms as the directors think fit, including provision for the committee
itself to delegate to a sub-committee; save that any delegation must be capable of being
revoked or altered by the directors at will.

18.4 Unless
otherwise permitted by the directors, a committee must follow the procedures prescribed for
the taking of decisions by directors.

Power
to appoint an agent of the Company

18.5 The
directors may appoint any person, either generally or in respect of any specific matter,
to be the agent of the Company with or without authority for that person to delegate all
or any of that persons powers. The directors may make that appointment:

(a) by
causing the Company to enter into a power of attorney or agreement; or

(b) in
any other manner they determine.

Power
to appoint an attorney or authorised signatory of the Company

18.6 The
directors may appoint any person, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the directors,
to be the attorney or the authorised signatory of the Company. The appointment may be:

(a) for
any purpose;

(b) with
the powers, authorities and discretions;

(c) for
the period; and

(d) subject
to such conditions

as
they think fit. The powers, authorities and discretions, however, must not exceed those vested in, or exercisable, by the directors under
these Articles. The directors may do so by power of attorney or any other manner they think fit.

34

18.7 Any
power of attorney or other appointment may contain such provision for the protection and
convenience for persons dealing with the attorney or authorised signatory as the directors
think fit. Any power of attorney or other appointment may also authorise the attorney or
authorised signatory to delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested
in that person.

Power
to appoint a proxy

18.8 Any
director may appoint any other person, including another director, to represent him at any
meeting of the directors. If a director appoints a proxy, then for all purposes the presence
or vote of the proxy shall be deemed to be that of the appointing director.

18.9 Articles
16.1 to 16.5 inclusive (relating to the appointment by directors of alternate directors)
apply, mutatis mutandis, to the appointment of proxies by directors.

18.10 A
proxy is an agent of the director appointing him and is not an officer of the Company.

19 Meetings
of directors

Regulation
of directors meetings

19.1 Subject
to the provisions of these Articles, the directors may regulate their proceedings as they
think fit.

Calling
meetings

19.2 Any
director may call a meeting of directors at any time. The Secretary, if any, must call a
meeting of the directors if requested to do so by a director.

Notice
of meetings

19.3 Every
director shall be given notice of a meeting, although a director may waive retrospectively
the requirement to be given notice. Notice may be oral. Attendance at a meeting without written
objection shall be deemed to be a waiver of such notice requirement.

Period
of notice

19.4 At
least five Clear Days notice of a meeting of directors must be given to directors.
A meeting may be convened on shorter notice with the consent of all directors.

Use
of technology

19.5 A
director may participate in a meeting of directors through the medium of conference telephone,
video or any other form of communications equipment providing all persons participating in
the meeting are able to hear and speak to each other throughout the meeting.

19.6 A
director participating in this way is deemed to be present in person at the meeting.

Place
of meetings

19.7 If
all the directors participating in a meeting are not in the same place, they may decide that
the meeting is to be treated as taking place wherever any of them is.

35

Quorum

19.8 The
quorum for the transaction of business at a meeting of directors shall be two unless the
directors fix some other number or unless the Company has only one director.

Voting

19.9 A
question which arises at a board meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. If votes
are equal the chairman may, if he wishes, exercise a casting vote.

Validity

19.10 Anything
done at a meeting of directors is unaffected by the fact that it is later discovered that
any person was not properly appointed, or had ceased to be a director, or was otherwise not
entitled to vote.

Recording
of dissent

19.11 A
director present at a meeting of directors shall be presumed to have assented to any action
taken at that meeting unless:

(a) his
dissent is entered in the minutes of the meeting; or

(b) he
has filed with the meeting before it is concluded signed dissent from that action; or

(c) he
has forwarded to the Company as soon as practical following the conclusion of that meeting
signed dissent.

A
director who votes in favour of an action is not entitled to record his dissent to it.

Written
resolutions

19.12 The
directors may pass a resolution in writing without holding a meeting if all directors sign
a document or sign several documents in the like form each signed by one or more of those
directors.

19.13 Despite
the foregoing, a resolution in writing signed by a validly appointed alternate director or
by a validly appointed proxy need not also be signed by the appointing director. If a written
resolution is signed personally by the appointing director, it need not also be signed by
his alternate or proxy.

19.14 Such
written resolution shall be as effective as if it had been passed at a meeting of the directors
duly convened and held; and it shall be treated as having been passed on the day and at the
time that the last director signs.

Sole
directors minute

19.15 Where
a sole director signs a minute recording his decision on a question, that record shall constitute
the passing of a resolution in those terms.

36

20 Permissible
directors interests and disclosure

Permissible
interests subject to disclosure

20.1 Save
as expressly permitted by these Articles or as set out below, a director may not have a direct
or indirect interest or duty which conflicts or may possibly conflict with the interests
of the Company.

20.2 If,
notwithstanding the prohibition in the preceding Article, a director discloses to his fellow
directors the nature and extent of any material interest or duty in accordance with the next
Article, he may:

(a) be
a party to, or otherwise interested in, any transaction or arrangement with the Company or
in which the Company is or may otherwise be interested; or

(b) be
interested in another body corporate promoted by the Company or in which the Company is otherwise
interested. In particular, the director may be a director, secretary or officer of, or employed
by, or be a party to any transaction or arrangement with, or otherwise interested in, that
other body corporate.

20.3 Such
disclosure may be made at a meeting of the board or otherwise (and, if otherwise, it must
be made in writing). The director must disclose the nature and extent of his direct or indirect
interest in or duty in relation to a transaction or arrangement or series of transactions
or arrangements with the Company or in which the Company has any material interest.

20.4 If
a director has made disclosure in accordance with the preceding Article, then he shall not,
by reason only of his office, be accountable to the Company for any benefit that he derives
from any such transaction or arrangement or from any such office or employment or from any
interest in any such body corporate, and no such transaction or arrangement shall be liable
to be avoided on the ground of any such interest or benefit.

Notification
of interests

20.5 For
the purposes of the preceding Articles:

(a) a
general notice that a director gives to the other directors that he is to be regarded as
having an interest of the nature and extent specified in the notice in any transaction or
arrangement in which a specified person or class of persons is interested shall be deemed
to be a disclosure that he has an interest in or duty in relation to any such transaction
of the nature and extent so specified; and

(b) an
interest of which a director has no knowledge and of which it is unreasonable to expect him
to have knowledge shall not be treated as an interest of his.

Voting
where a director is interested in a matter

20.6 A
director may vote at a meeting of directors on any resolution concerning a matter in which
that director has an interest or duty, whether directly or indirectly, so long as that director
discloses any material interest pursuant to these Articles. The director shall be counted
towards a quorum of those present at the meeting. If the director votes on the resolution,
his vote shall be counted.

37

20.7 Where
proposals are under consideration concerning the appointment of two or more directors to
offices or employment with the Company or any body corporate in which the Company is interested,
the proposals may be divided and considered in relation to each director separately and each
of the directors concerned shall be entitled to vote and be counted in the quorum in respect
of each resolution except that concerning his or her own appointment.

21 Minutes

The
Company shall cause minutes to be made in books kept for the purpose in accordance with the Act.

22 Accounts
and audit

Accounting
and other records

22.1 The
directors must ensure that proper accounting and other records are kept, and that accounts
and associated reports are distributed in accordance with the requirements of the Act.

No
automatic right of inspection

22.2 Members
are only entitled to inspect the Companys records if they are expressly entitled to do so
by law, or by resolution made by the directors or passed by Ordinary Resolution.

Sending
of accounts and reports

22.3 The
Companys accounts and associated directors report or auditors report that are required
or permitted to be sent to any person pursuant to any law shall be treated as properly sent
to that person if:

(a) they
are sent to that person in accordance with the notice provisions: or

(b) they
are published on a website providing that person is given separate notice of:

(i) the
fact that publication of the documents has been published on the website;

(ii) the
address of the website; and

(iii) the
place on the website where the documents may be accessed; and

(iv) how
they may be accessed.

22.4 If,
for any reason, a person notifies the Company that he is unable to access the website, the
Company must, as soon as practicable, send the documents to that person by any other means
permitted by these Articles. This, however, will not affect when that person is taken to
have received the documents under the next Article.

38

Time
of receipt if documents are published on a website

22.5 Documents
sent by being published on a website in accordance with the preceding two Articles are only
treated as sent at least five Clear Days before the date of the meeting at which they are
to be laid if:

(a) the
documents are published on the website throughout a period beginning at least five Clear
Days before the date of the meeting and ending with the conclusion of the meeting; and

(b) the
person is given at least five Clear Days notice of the hearing.

Validity
despite accidental error in publication on website

22.6 If,
for the purpose of a meeting, documents are sent by being published on a website in accordance
with the preceding Articles, the proceedings at that meeting are not invalidated merely because:

(a) those
documents are, by accident, published in a different place on the website to the place notified;
or

(b) they
are published for part only of the period from the date of notification until the conclusion
of that meeting.

Audit

22.7 The
directors may appoint an Auditor of the Company who shall hold office on such terms as the
directors determine.

22.8 Without
prejudice to the freedom of the directors to establish any other committee, if the Shares
(or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange,
and if required by the Designated Stock Exchange, the directors shall establish and maintain
an Audit Committee as a committee of the directors and shall adopt a formal written Audit
Committee charter and review and assess the adequacy of the formal written charter on an
annual basis. The composition and responsibilities of the Audit Committee shall comply with
the rules and regulations of the SEC and the Designated Stock Exchange. The Audit Committee
shall meet at least once every financial quarter, or more frequently as circumstances dictate.

22.9 If
the Shares are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Company shall conduct
an appropriate review of all related party transactions on an ongoing basis and shall utilise
the Audit Committee for the review and approval of potential conflicts of interest.

22.10 The
remuneration of the Auditor shall be fixed by the Audit Committee (if one exists).

22.11 If
the office of Auditor becomes vacant by resignation or death of the Auditor, or by his becoming
incapable of acting by reason of illness or other disability at a time when his services
are required, the directors shall fill the vacancy and determine the remuneration of such
Auditor.

22.12 Every
Auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times to the books and accounts
and vouchers of the Company and shall be entitled to require from the directors and officers
of the Company such information and explanation as may be necessary for the performance of
the duties of the Auditor.

22.13 Auditors
shall, if so required by the directors, make a report on the accounts of the Company during
their tenure of office at the next annual general meeting following their appointment in
the case of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an ordinary company,
and at the next extraordinary general meeting following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered with the Registrar
of Companies as an exempted company, and at any other time during their term of office, upon request of the directors or any general
meeting of the Members.

39

23 Financial
year

Unless
the directors otherwise specify, the financial year of the Company:

(a) shall
end on 31st December in the year of its incorporation and each following year; and

(b) shall
begin when it was incorporated and on 1st January each following year.

24 Record
dates

Except
to the extent of any conflicting rights attached to Shares, the directors may fix any time and date as the record date for:

(a) calling
a general meeting;

(b) declaring
or paying a dividend;

(c) making
or issuing an allotment of Shares; or

(d) conducting
any other business required pursuant to these Articles.

The
record date may be before or after the date on which a dividend, allotment or issue is declared, paid or made.

25 Dividends

Declaration
of dividends by Members

25.1 Subject
to the provisions of the Act, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution declare dividends in
accordance with the respective rights of the Members but no dividend shall exceed the amount
recommended by the directors.

Payment
of interim dividends and declaration of final dividends by directors

25.2 The
directors may pay interim dividends or declare final dividends in accordance with the respective
rights of the Members if it appears to them that they are justified by the financial position
of the Company and that such dividends may lawfully be paid.

25.3 Subject
to the provisions of the Act, in relation to the distinction between interim dividends and
final dividends, the following applies:

(a) Upon
determination to pay a dividend or dividends described as interim by the directors in the
dividend resolution, no debt shall be created by the declaration until such time as payment
is made.

40

(b) Upon
declaration of a dividend or dividends described as final by the directors in the dividend
resolution, a debt shall be created immediately following the declaration, the due date to
be the date the dividend is stated to be payable in the resolution.

If
the resolution fails to specify whether a dividend is final or interim, it shall be assumed to be interim.

25.4 In
relation to Shares carrying differing rights to dividends or rights to dividends at a fixed
rate, the following applies:

(a) If
the share capital is divided into different classes, the directors may pay dividends on Shares
which confer deferred or non-preferred rights with regard to dividends as well as on Shares
which confer preferential rights with regard to dividends but no dividend shall be paid on
Shares carrying deferred or non-preferred rights if, at the time of payment, any preferential
dividend is in arrears.

(b) The
directors may also pay, at intervals settled by them, any dividend payable at a fixed rate
if it appears to them that there are sufficient funds of the Company lawfully available for
distribution to justify the payment.

(c) If
the directors act in good faith, they shall not incur any liability to the Members holding
Shares conferring preferred rights for any loss those Members may suffer by the lawful payment
of the dividend on any Shares having deferred or non-preferred rights.

Apportionment
of dividends

25.5 Except
as otherwise provided by the rights attached to Shares, all dividends shall be declared and
paid according to the amounts paid up on the Shares on which the dividend is paid. All dividends
shall be apportioned and paid proportionately to the amount paid up on the Shares during
the time or part of the time in respect of which the dividend is paid. If a Share is issued
on terms providing that it shall rank for dividend as from a particular date, that Share
shall rank for dividend accordingly.

Right
of set off

25.6 The
directors may deduct from a dividend or any other amount payable to a person in respect of
a Share any amount due by that person to the Company on a call or otherwise in relation to
a Share.

Power
to pay other than in cash

25.7 If
the directors so determine, any resolution declaring a dividend may direct that it shall
be satisfied wholly or partly by the distribution of assets. If a difficulty arises in relation
to the distribution, the directors may settle that difficulty in any way they consider appropriate.
For example, they may do any one or more of the following:

(a) issue
fractional Shares;

(b) fix
the value of assets for distribution and make cash payments to some Members on the footing
of the value so fixed in order to adjust the rights of Members; and

(c) vest
some assets in trustees.

41

How
payments may be made

25.8 A
dividend or other monies payable on or in respect of a Share may be paid in any of the following
ways:

(a) if
the Member holding that Share or other person entitled to that Share nominates a bank account
for that purpose - by wire transfer to that bank account; or

(b) by
cheque or warrant sent by post to the registered address of the Member holding that Share
or other person entitled to that Share.

25.9 For
the purpose of paragraph (a) of the preceding Article, the nomination may be in writing or
in an Electronic Record and the bank account nominated may be the bank account of another
person. For the purpose of paragraph (b) of the preceding Article, subject to any applicable
law or regulation, the cheque or warrant shall be made to the order of the Member holding
that Share or other person entitled to the Share or to his nominee, whether nominated in
writing or in an Electronic Record, and payment of the cheque or warrant shall be a good
discharge to the Company.

25.10 If
two or more persons are registered as the holders of the Share or are jointly entitled to
it by reason of the death or bankruptcy of the registered holder (Joint Holders), a dividend
(or other amount) payable on or in respect of that Share may be paid as follows:

(a) to
the registered address of the Joint Holder of the Share who is named first on the Register
of Members or to the registered address of the deceased or bankrupt holder, as the case may
be; or

(b) to
the address or bank account of another person nominated by the Joint Holders, whether that
nomination is in writing or in an Electronic Record.

25.11 Any
Joint Holder of a Share may give a valid receipt for a dividend (or other amount) payable
in respect of that Share.

Dividends
or other moneys not to bear interest in absence of special rights

25.12 Unless
provided for by the rights attached to a Share, no dividend or other monies payable by the
Company in respect of a Share shall bear interest.

Dividends
unable to be paid or unclaimed

25.13 If
a dividend cannot be paid to a Member or remains unclaimed within six weeks after it was
declared or both, the directors may pay it into a separate account in the Companys name.
If a dividend is paid into a separate account, the Company shall not be constituted trustee
in respect of that account and the dividend shall remain a debt due to the Member.

25.14 A
dividend that remains unclaimed for a period of six years after it became due for payment
shall be forfeited to, and shall cease to remain owing by, the Company.

42

26 Capitalisation
of profits

Capitalisation
of profits or of any share premium account or capital redemption reserve

26.1 The
directors may resolve to capitalise:

(a) any
part of the Companys profits not required for paying any preferential dividend (whether
or not those profits are available for distribution); or

(b) any
sum standing to the credit of the Companys share premium account or capital redemption reserve,
if any.

The
amount resolved to be capitalised must be appropriated to the Members who would have been entitled to it had it been distributed by way
of dividend and in the same proportions. The benefit to each Member so entitled must be given in either or both of the following ways:

(a) by
paying up the amounts unpaid on that Members Shares;

(b) by
issuing Fully Paid Shares, debentures or other securities of the Company to that Member or
as that Member directs. The directors may resolve that any Shares issued to the Member in
respect of partly paid Shares (Original Shares) rank for dividend only to the extent that
the Original Shares rank for dividend while those Original Shares remain partly paid.

Applying
an amount for the benefit of members

26.2 The
amount capitalised must be applied to the benefit of Members in the proportions to which
the Members would have been entitled to dividends if the amount capitalised had been distributed
as a dividend.

26.3 Subject
to the Act, if a fraction of a Share, a debenture, or other security is allocated to a Member,
the directors may issue a fractional certificate to that Member or pay him the cash equivalent
of the fraction.

27 Share
premium account

Directors
to maintain share premium account

27.1 The
directors shall establish a share premium account in accordance with the Act. They shall
carry to the credit of that account from time to time an amount equal to the amount or value
of the premium paid on the issue of any Share or capital contributed or such other amounts
required by the Act.

Debits
to share premium account

27.2 The
following amounts shall be debited to any share premium account:

(a) on
the redemption or purchase of a Share, the difference between the nominal value of that Share
and the redemption or purchase price; and

(b) any
other amount paid out of a share premium account as permitted by the Act.

43

27.3 Notwithstanding
the preceding Article, on the redemption or purchase of a Share, the directors may pay the
difference between the nominal value of that Share and the redemption purchase price out
of the profits of the Company or, as permitted by the Act, out of capital.

28 Seal

Company
seal

28.1 The
Company may have a seal if the directors so determine.

Duplicate
seal

28.2 Subject
to the provisions of the Act, the Company may also have a duplicate seal or seals for use
in any place or places outside the Cayman Islands. Each duplicate seal shall be a facsimile
of the original seal of the Company. However, if the directors so determine, a duplicate
seal shall have added on its face the name of the place where it is to be used.

When
and how seal is to be used

28.3 A
seal may only be used by the authority of the directors. Unless the directors otherwise determine,
a document to which a seal is affixed must be signed in one of the following ways:

(a) by
a director (or his alternate) and the Secretary; or

(b) by
a single director (or his alternate).

If
no seal is adopted or used

28.4 If
the directors do not adopt a seal, or a seal is not used, a document may be executed in the
following manner:

(a) by
a director (or his alternate) or any Officer to which authority has been delegated by resolution
duly adopted by the directors; or

(b) by
a single director (or his alternate); or

(c) in
any other manner permitted by the Act.

Power
to allow non-manual signatures and facsimile printing of seal

28.5 The
directors may determine that either or both of the following applies:

(a) that
the seal or a duplicate seal need not be affixed manually but may be affixed by some other
method or system of reproduction;

(b) that
a signature required by these Articles need not be manual but may be a mechanical or Electronic
Signature.

Validity
of execution

28.6 If
a document is duly executed and delivered by or on behalf of the Company, it shall not be
regarded as invalid merely because, at the date of the delivery, the Secretary, or the director, or
other Officer or person who signed the document or affixed the seal for and on behalf of the Company ceased to be the Secretary or hold
that office and authority on behalf of the Company.

44

29 Indemnity

Indemnity

29.1 To
the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company shall indemnify each existing
or former Secretary, director (including alternate director), and other Officer of the Company
(including an investment adviser or an administrator or liquidator) and their personal representatives
against:

(a) all
actions, proceedings, costs, charges, expenses, losses, damages or liabilities incurred or
sustained by the existing or former Secretary or Officer in or about the conduct of the Companys
business or affairs or in the execution or discharge of the existing or former Secretarys
or Officers duties, powers, authorities or discretions; and

(b) without
limitation to paragraph (a), all costs, expenses, losses or liabilities incurred by the existing
or former Secretary or Officer in defending (whether successfully or otherwise) any civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative proceedings (whether threatened, pending or completed)
concerning the Company or its affairs in any court or tribunal, whether in the Cayman Islands
or elsewhere.

No
such existing or former Secretary or Officer, however, shall be indemnified in respect of any matter arising out of his own actual fraud,
wilful default or wilful neglect.

29.2 To
the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company may make a payment, or agree to make
a payment, whether by way of advance, loan or otherwise, for any legal costs incurred by
an existing or former Secretary or Officer of the Company in respect of any matter identified
in paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of the preceding Article on condition that the Secretary
or Officer must repay the amount paid by the Company to the extent that it is ultimately
found not liable to indemnify the Secretary or that Officer for those legal costs.

Release

29.3 To
the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company may by Special Resolution release any
existing or former director (including alternate director), Secretary or other Officer of
the Company from liability for any loss or damage or right to compensation which may arise
out of or in connection with the execution or discharge of the duties, powers, authorities
or discretions of his office; but there may be no release from liability arising out of or
in connection with that persons own actual fraud, wilful default or wilful neglect.

45

Insurance

29.4 To
the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company may pay, or agree to pay, a premium in
respect of a contract insuring each of the following persons against risks determined by
the directors, other than liability arising out of that persons own dishonesty:

(a) an
existing or former director (including alternate director), Secretary or Officer or auditor
of:

(i) the
Company;

(ii) a
company which is or was a subsidiary of the Company;

(iii) a
company in which the Company has or had an interest (whether direct or indirect); and

29.5 a
trustee of an employee or retirement benefits scheme or other trust in which any of the persons
referred to in paragraph (a) is or was interested. Notices

Form
of notices

29.6 Save
where these Articles provide otherwise, any notice to be given to or by any person pursuant
to these Articles shall be:

(a) in
writing signed by or on behalf of the giver in the manner set out below for written notices;
or

(b) subject
to the next Article, in an Electronic Record signed by or on behalf of the giver by Electronic
Signature and authenticated in accordance with Articles about authentication of Electronic
Records; or

(c) where
these Articles expressly permit, by the Company by means of a website.

Electronic
communications

29.7 Without
limitation to Articles 16.2 to 16.5 inclusive (relating to the appointment and removal by
directors of alternate directors) and to Articles 18.8 to 18.10 inclusive (relating to the
appointment by directors of proxies), a notice may only be given to the Company in an Electronic
Record if:

(a) the
directors so resolve;

(b) the
resolution states how an Electronic Record may be given and, if applicable, specifies an
email address for the Company; and

(c) the
terms of that resolution are notified to the Members for the time being and, if applicable,
to those directors who were absent from the meeting at which the resolution was passed.

If
the resolution is revoked or varied, the revocation or variation shall only become effective when its terms have been similarly notified.

29.8 A
notice may not be given by Electronic Record to a person other than the Company unless the
recipient has notified the giver of an Electronic address to which notice may be sent.

Persons
authorised to give notices

29.9 A
notice by either the Company or a Member pursuant to these Articles may be given on behalf
of the Company or a Member by a director or company secretary of the Company or a Member.

46

Delivery
of written notices

29.10 Save
where these Articles provide otherwise, a notice in writing may be given personally to the
recipient, or left at (as appropriate) the Members or directors registered address or the
Companys registered office, or posted to that registered address or registered office.

Joint
holders

29.11 Where
Members are joint holders of a Share, all notices shall be given to the Member whose name
first appears in the Register of Members.

Signatures

29.12 A
written notice shall be signed when it is autographed by or on behalf of the giver, or is
marked in such a way as to indicate its execution or adoption by the giver.

29.13 An
Electronic Record may be signed by an Electronic Signature.

Evidence
of transmission

29.14 A
notice given by Electronic Record shall be deemed sent if an Electronic Record is kept demonstrating
the time, date and content of the transmission, and if no notification of failure to transmit
is received by the giver.

29.15 A
notice given in writing shall be deemed sent if the giver can provide proof that the envelope
containing the notice was properly addressed, pre-paid and posted, or that the written notice
was otherwise properly transmitted to the recipient.

Giving
notice to a deceased or bankrupt Member

29.16 A
notice may be given by the Company to the persons entitled to a Share in consequence of the
death or bankruptcy of a Member by sending or delivering it, in any manner authorised by
these Articles for the giving of notice to a Member, addressed to them by name, or by the
title of representatives of the deceased, or trustee of the bankrupt or by any like description,
at the address, if any, supplied for that purpose by the persons claiming to be so entitled.

29.17 Until
such an address has been supplied, a notice may be given in any manner in which it might
have been given if the death or bankruptcy had not occurred.

Date
of giving notices

29.18 A
notice is given on the date identified in the following table.

Method for giving notices When taken to be given

Personally At the time and date of delivery

By leaving it at the member's registered address At the time and date it was left

If the recipient has an address within the Cayman Islands, by posting it by prepaid post to the street or postal address of that recipient 48 hours after it was posted

If the recipient has an address outside the Cayman Islands, by posting it by prepaid airmail to the street or postal address of that recipient 3 Clear Days after posting

By Electronic Record (other than publication on a website), to recipient's Electronic address Within 24 hours after it was sent

By publication on a website See the Articles about the time when notice of a meeting of Members or accounts and reports, as the case may be, are published on a website

47

Saving
provision

29.19 None
of the preceding notice provisions shall derogate from the Articles about the delivery of
written resolutions of directors and written resolutions of Members.

30 Authentication
of Electronic Records

Application
of Articles

30.1 Without
limitation to any other provision of these Articles, any notice, written resolution or other
document under these Articles that is sent by Electronic means by a Member, or by the Secretary,
or by a director or other Officer of the Company, shall be deemed to be authentic if either
Article 30.2 or Article 30.4 applies.

Authentication
of documents sent by Members by Electronic means

30.2 An
Electronic Record of a notice, written resolution or other document sent by Electronic means
by or on behalf of one or more Members shall be deemed to be authentic if the following conditions
are satisfied:

(a) the
Member or each Member, as the case may be, signed the original document, and for this purpose
Original Document includes several documents in like form signed by one or more of those
Members; and

(b) the
Electronic Record of the Original Document was sent by Electronic means by, or at the direction
of, that Member to an address specified in accordance with these Articles for the purpose
for which it was sent; and

(c) Article
30.7 does not apply.

30.3 For
example, where a sole Member signs a resolution and sends the Electronic Record of the original
resolution, or causes it to be sent, by facsimile transmission to the address in these Articles
specified for that purpose, the facsimile copy shall be deemed to be the written resolution
of that Member unless Article 30.7 applies.

48

Authentication
of document sent by the Secretary or Officers of the Company by Electronic means

30.4 An
Electronic Record of a notice, written resolution or other document sent by or on behalf
of the Secretary or an Officer or Officers of the Company shall be deemed to be authentic
if the following conditions are satisfied:

(a) the
Secretary or the Officer or each Officer, as the case may be, signed the original document,
and for this purpose Original Document includes several documents in like form signed by
the Secretary or one or more of those Officers; and

(b) the
Electronic Record of the Original Document was sent by Electronic means by, or at the direction
of, the Secretary or that Officer to an address specified in accordance with these Articles
for the purpose for which it was sent; and

(c) Article
30.7 does not apply.

This
Article applies whether the document is sent by or on behalf of the Secretary or Officer in his own right or as a representative of the
Company.

30.5 For
example, where a sole director signs a resolution and scans the resolution, or causes it
to be scanned, as a PDF version which is attached to an email sent to the address in these
Articles specified for that purpose, the PDF version shall be deemed to be the written resolution
of that director unless Article 30.7 applies.

Manner
of signing

30.6 For
the purposes of these Articles about the authentication of Electronic Records, a document
will be taken to be signed if it is signed manually or in any other manner permitted by these
Articles.

Saving
provision

30.7 A
notice, written resolution or other document under these Articles will not be deemed to be
authentic if the recipient, acting reasonably:

(a) believes
that the signature of the signatory has been altered after the signatory had signed the original
document; or

(b) believes
that the original document, or the Electronic Record of it, was altered, without the approval
of the signatory, after the signatory signed the original document; or

(c) otherwise
doubts the authenticity of the Electronic Record of the document

and
the recipient promptly gives notice to the sender setting the grounds of its objection. If the recipient invokes this Article, the sender
may seek to establish the authenticity of the Electronic Record in any way the sender thinks fit.

49

31 Transfer
by way of continuation

31.1 The
Company may, by Special Resolution, resolve to be registered by way of continuation in a
jurisdiction outside:

(a) the
Cayman Islands; or

(b) such
other jurisdiction in which it is, for the time being, incorporated, registered or existing.

However,
only holders of Class B Shares have the right to vote on continuing the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands before the
Business Combination. This Article may only be amended by a Special Resolution passed by holders representing at least 90% of the outstanding
Class B Shares.

31.2 To
give effect to any resolution made pursuant to the preceding Article, the directors may cause
the following:

(a) an
application be made to the Registrar of Companies to deregister the Company in the Cayman
Islands or in the other jurisdiction in which it is for the time being incorporated, registered
or existing; and

(b) all
such further steps as they consider appropriate to be taken to effect the transfer by way
of continuation of the Company.

32 Winding
up

Distribution
of assets in specie

32.1 If
the Company is wound up, the Members may, subject to these Articles and any other sanction
required by the Act, pass a Special Resolution allowing the liquidator to do either or both
of the following:

(a) to
divide in specie among the Members the whole or any part of the assets of the Company and,
for that purpose, to value any assets and to determine how the division shall be carried
out as between the Members or different classes of Members;

(b) to
vest the whole or any part of the assets in trustees for the benefit of Members and those
liable to contribute to the winding up.

No
obligation to accept liability

32.2 No
Member shall be compelled to accept any assets if an obligation attaches to them.

The
directors are authorised to present a winding up petition

32.3 The
directors have the authority to present a petition for the winding up of the Company to the
Grand Court of the Cayman Islands on behalf of the Company without the sanction of a resolution
passed at a general meeting.

33 Amendment
of Memorandum and Articles

Power
to change name or amend Memorandum

33.1 Subject
to the Act and Article 33.2, the Company may, by Special Resolution:

(a) change
its name; or

(b) change
the provisions of its Memorandum with respect to its objects, powers or any other matter
specified in the Memorandum.

50

Power
to amend these Articles

33.2 Subject
to the Act and as provided in these Articles, the Company may, by Special Resolution, amend
these Articles in whole or in part save that no amendment may be made to the Memorandum or
Articles to amend:

(a) Article
36 prior to the Business Combination unless the holders of the Public Shares are provided
with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon the approval of any such amendment
in the manner and for the price as set out in Article 36.11; or

(b) this
Article 33.2 during the Target Business Acquisition Period;

(c) special
resolution amending 15.5.

34 Mergers
and Consolidations

The
Company shall have the power to merge or consolidate with one or more constituent companies (as defined in the Act) upon such terms as
the directors may determine and (to the extent required by the Act) with the approval of a Special Resolution.

35 Class
B Share Conversion

35.1 Save
and except for the conversion rights referred to in this Article 35 and as otherwise set
out in these Articles, subject to Article 2.10, the rights attaching to all Shares shall
rank pari passu in all respects, and the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall vote together
as a single class on all matters.

35.2 Class
B Shares shall automatically convert into Class A Shares in such a ratio so as to give effect
to the Class B Share Entitlement (the Conversion Ratio): (a) at any time and from
time to time at the option of the holders thereof; and (b) automatically on the day of the
closing of a Business Combination.

35.3 In
order to give effect to the Conversion Ratio, in the case that additional Class A Shares
or any other Equity-linked Securities, are issued, or deemed issued, by the Company in excess
of the amounts offered in the IPO and related to the closing of a Business Combination, all
Class B Shares in issue shall automatically convert into Class A Shares at the time of the
closing of a Business Combination at the Conversion Ratio (unless the holders of a majority
of the Class B Shares in issue agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect
to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A Shares issuable upon
conversion of all Class B Shares will equal, on an as-converted basis, in the aggregate,
20 per cent of the sum of all Class A Shares in issue upon completion of the IPO plus all
Class A Shares and Equity-linked Securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a
Business Combination minus any redemption of Public Shares in connection with a Business
Combination, excluding any Shares or Equity-linked Securities issued, or to be issued, to
any seller
in a Business Combination and any private placement units issued to the Sponsor or its Affiliates upon conversion of working capital
loans made to the Company.

51

35.4 Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the Conversion Ratio may be waived as to any particular
issuance or deemed issuance of additional Class A Shares or Equity-linked Securities by the
written consent or agreement of holders of a majority of the Class B Shares then in issue
consenting or agreeing separately as a separate class in the manner provided in Article 2.10
hereof.

35.5 The
Conversion Ratio shall also take into account any subdivision (by share split, subdivision,
exchange, capitalisation, rights issue, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise)
or combination (by reverse share split, share consolidation, exchange, reclassification,
recapitalisation or otherwise) or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class
A Shares in issue into a greater or lesser number of shares occurring after the original
filing of the Articles without a proportionate and corresponding subdivision, combination
or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class B Shares in issue.

35.6 Each
Class B Share shall convert into its pro rata number of Class A Shares pursuant to this Article.
The pro rata share for each holder of Class B Shares will be determined as follows: each
Class B Share shall convert into such number of Class A Shares as is equal to the product
of 1 multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the total number of Class
A Shares into which all of the Class B Shares in issue shall be converted pursuant to this
Article and the denominator of which shall be the total number of Class B Shares in issue
at the time of conversion.

35.7 References
in this Article to converted, conversion or exchange
shall mean the compulsory redemption without notice of Class B Shares of any Member and,
on behalf of such Members, automatic application of such redemption proceeds in paying for
such new Class A Shares into which the Class B Shares have been converted or exchanged at
a price per Class B Share necessary to give effect to a conversion or exchange calculated
on the basis that the Class A Shares to be issued as part of the conversion or exchange will
be issued at par. The Class A Shares to be issued on an exchange or conversion shall be registered
in the name of such Member or in such name as the Member may direct.

35.8 Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Article, in no event may any Class B Share convert into
Class A Shares at a ratio that is less than the Conversion Ratio.

36 Business
Combination

36.1 Articles
36.1 to 36.11 shall terminate upon consummation of any Business Combination.

36.2 The
Company has until 12 months from the closing of the IPO to consummate a Business Combination,
provided however that if the board of directors anticipates that the Company may not be able
to consummate a Business Combination within 12 months of the closing of the IPO, the Company
may, seek Members approval to amend these Articles to extend the period of
time by which the Company must consummate a Business Combination. In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination
within 12 months from the closing of the IPO (the Termination Date) or such period that may be extended, such failure shall trigger
an automatic redemption of the Public Shares (an Automatic Redemption Event) and the directors of the Company shall take all such
action necessary to (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more
than ten (10) Business Days thereafter to redeem the Public Shares to the holders of Public Shares, on a pro rata basis, in cash at a
per-share amount equal to the applicable Per-Share Redemption Price; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such Automatic
Redemption Event, subject to the approval of our remaining Members and our directors, liquidate and dissolve the Company, subject to
the Companys obligations under the Act to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In the event
of an Automatic Redemption Event, only the holders of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive pro rata redeeming distributions from
the Trust Account with respect to their Public Shares.

52

36.3 Unless
a shareholder vote is required by law or the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange, or,
at the sole discretion of the directors, the directors determine to hold a shareholder vote
for business or other reasons, the Company may enter into a Business Combination without
submitting such Business Combination to its Members for approval.

36.4 Although
not required, in the event that a shareholder vote is held, and a majority of the votes of
the Shares entitled to vote thereon which were present at the meeting to approve the Business
Combination are voted for the approval of such Business Combination, the Company shall be
authorised to consummate the Business Combination.

36.5 

(a) In
the event that a Business Combination is consummated by the Company other than in connection
with a shareholder vote under Article 36.4, the Company will, subject to as provided below,
offer to redeem the Public Shares for cash in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E
of the Exchange Act and subject to any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements)
set forth in the definitive transaction agreements related to the initial Business Combination
(the Tender Redemption Offer), provided however that the Company shall not redeem
those Shares held by the Initial Shareholders or their affiliates or the directors or officers
of the Company pursuant to such Tender Redemption Offer, whether or not such holders accept
such Tender Redemption Offer. The Company will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior
to consummating the Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and
other information about the Business Combination and the redemption rights as would be required
in a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act. In accordance with
the Exchange Act, the Tender Redemption Offer will remain open for a minimum of 20 Business
Days and the Company will not be permitted to consummate its Business Combination until the
expiry of such period. If in the event a Member holding Public Shares accepts the Tender
Redemption Offer and
the Company has not otherwise withdrawn the tender offer, the Company shall, promptly after the consummation of the Business Combination,
pay such redeeming Member, on a pro rata basis, cash equal to the applicable Per-Share Redemption Price.

53

(b) In
the event that a Business Combination is consummated by the Company in connection with a
shareholder vote held pursuant to Article 36.4 in accordance with a proxy solicitation pursuant
to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act (the Redemption Offer), the Company will, subject
as provided below, offer to redeem the Public Shares, other than those Shares held by the
Initial Shareholders or their affiliates or the directors or officers of the Company, regardless
of whether such shares are voted for or against the Business Combination, for cash, on a
pro rata basis, at a per-share amount equal to the applicable Per-Share Redemption Price,
provided however that: (i) the Company shall not redeem those Shares held by the Initial
Shareholders or their affiliates or the directors or officers of the Company pursuant to
such Redemption Offer, whether or not such holders accept such Redemption Offer; and (ii)
any other redeeming Member who either individually or together with any affiliate of his
or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as a group (as such
term is defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act) shall not be permitted to redeem, without
the consent of the Company, more than fifteen percent (15%) of the total Public Shares sold
in the IPO.

(c) In
no event will the Company consummate the Tender Redemption Offer or the Redemption Offer
under Article 36.5(a) or 36.5(b) or an Amendment Redemption Event under Article 36.11 if
such redemptions would cause the Company to have net tangible assets of less than US$5,000,001
or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement
relating to the Business Combination.

36.6 A
holder of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive distributions from the Trust Account
only in the event of an Automatic Redemption Event, an Amendment Redemption Event or in the
event he accepts a Tender Redemption Offer or a Redemption Offer where the Business Combination
is consummated. In no other circumstances shall a holder of Public Shares have any right
or interest of any kind in or to the Trust Account.

36.7 Prior
to a Business Combination, the Company will not issue any securities (other than Public Shares)
that would entitle the holder thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account; or (ii)
vote on any Business Combination.

36.8 In
the event the Company enters into a Business Combination with a company that is affiliated
with the Sponsor or any of the directors or officers of the Company, the Company will obtain
(i) an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or independent accounting firm
or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company
the Company seeks that such a Business Combination is fair to the holders of the Public Shares
from a financial point of view, and (ii) the approval of a majority of disinterested and Independent Directors (as the case may be at
relevant time).

54

36.9 The
Company will not effectuate a Business Combination with another blank cheque
company or a similar company with nominal operations.

36.10 Immediately
after the Companys IPO, that amount of the proceeds received by the Company in or in connection
with the IPO (including proceeds of any exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option
and any proceeds from the simultaneous private placement of like units comprising like securities
to those included in the IPO by the Company) as is described in the Companys registration
statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC (the Registration Statement) at the time
it goes effective as shall be deposited in the Trust Account shall be so deposited and thereafter
held in the Trust Account until released in the event of a Business Combination or otherwise
in accordance with this Article 36. Neither the Company nor any officer, director or employee
of the Company will disburse any of the proceeds held in the Trust Account until the earlier
of (i) a Business Combination, or (ii) an Automatic Redemption Event or in payment of the
acquisition price for any shares which the Company elects to purchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire in accordance with this Article 36, in each case in accordance with the trust agreement
governing the Trust Account; provided that interest earned on the Trust Account (as described
in the Registration Statement) may be released from time to time to the Company to pay the
Companys tax obligations.

36.11 In
the event the directors of the Company propose any amendment to Article 36 or to any of the
other rights of the Shares as set out at Article 2.5 prior to, but not for the purposes of
approving or in conjunction with the consummation of, a Business Combination that would affect
the substance or timing of the Companys obligations as described in this Article 36
to pay or to offer to pay the Per-Share Redemption Price to any holder of the Public Shares
(an Amendment) and such Amendment is duly approved by a Special Resolution of the
Members (an Approved Amendment), the Company will offer to redeem the Public Shares
of any Member for cash, on a pro rata basis, at a per-share amount equal to the applicable
Per-Share Redemption Price (an Amendment Redemption Event), provided however that
the Company shall not redeem those Shares held by the Initial Shareholders or their affiliates
or the directors or officers of the Company pursuant to such offer, whether or not such holders
accept such offer.

37 Certain
Tax Filings

37.1 Each
Tax Filing Authorised Person and any such other person, acting alone, as any director shall
designate from time to time, are authorised to file tax forms SS-4, W-8 BEN, W-8 IMY, W-9,
8832 and 2553 and such other similar tax forms as are customary to file with any US state
or federal governmental authorities or foreign governmental authorities in connection with
the formation, activities and/or elections of the Company and such other tax forms as may
be approved from time to time by any director or officer of the Company. The Company further
ratifies and approves any such filing made by any Tax Filing Authorised Person or such other
person prior to the date of the Articles.

55

38 Business
Opportunities

38.1 In
recognition and anticipation of the facts that: (a) directors and Officers of the Company
may serve as directors and/or officers of other entities which engage in the same or similar
activities or related lines of business as those in which the Company engages; (b) directors,
managers, officers, members, partners, managing members, employees and/or agents of one or
more members of the Sponsor Group (each of the foregoing, a Sponsor Group Related Person)
may serve as directors and/or officers of the Company; and (c) the Sponsor Group engages,
and may continue to engage in the same or similar activities or related lines of business
as those in which the Company, directly or indirectly, may engage and/or other business activities
that overlap with or compete with those in which the Company, directly or indirectly, may
engage, the provisions under this heading Business Opportunities are set forth
to regulate and define the conduct of certain affairs of the Company as they may involve
the Sponsor Group and the Sponsor Group Related Persons, and the powers, rights, duties and
liabilities of the Company and its directors, Officers and Members in connection therewith.

38.2 To
the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the directors and Officers of the Company,
the Sponsor Group and the Sponsor Group Related Persons (each of the foregoing, a Relevant
Person) shall have no duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to
refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or
lines of business as the Company. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the
Company renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity
to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity
for either a Relevant Person, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other. Except to the
extent expressly assumed by contract, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law,
a Relevant Person shall have no duty to communicate or offer any such corporate opportunity
to the Company and shall not be liable to the Company or its Members for breach of any fiduciary
duty as a Member, director and/or Officer of the Company solely by reason of the fact that
such Relevant Person pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, himself or
herself, directs such corporate opportunity to another person, or does not communicate information
regarding such corporate opportunity to the Company, unless such opportunity is expressly
offered to such Relevant Person solely in their capacity as a director or Officer of the
Company and the opportunity is one the Company is permitted to complete on a reasonable basis.

38.3 Except
as provided elsewhere in the Articles, the Company hereby renounces any interest or expectancy
of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction
or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both the Company and a Relevant Person,
about which a director and/or officer of the Company who is also a Relevant Person acquires
knowledge.

38.4 To
the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity related to a corporate opportunity
that is renounced in this Article to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Members, the
Company hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, any and all claims
and causes of action that the Company may have for such activities. To the fullest extent
permitted by Applicable Law, the provisions of this Article apply equally to activities conducted
in the future and that have been conducted in the past.

56

39 Exclusive
Jurisdiction and Forum

39.1 Unless
the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of the
Cayman Islands shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of or
in connection with the Memorandum, the Articles or otherwise related in any way to each Members shareholding in the Company, including
but not limited to:

(a) any
derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company;

(b) any
action asserting a claim of breach of any fiduciary or other duty owed by any current or
former director, Officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Members;

(c) any
action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Act, the Memorandum or
the Articles; or

(d) any
action asserting a claim against the Company governed by the Internal Affairs Doctrine
(as such concept is recognised under the laws of the United States of America).

39.2 Each
Member irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Cayman Islands
over all such claims or disputes.

39.3 Without
prejudice to any other rights or remedies that the Company may have, each Member acknowledges
that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the selection of the
courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum and that accordingly the Company shall be
entitled, without proof of special damages, to the remedies of injunction, specific performance
or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the selection of the courts
of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum.

39.4 This
Article 39 shall not apply to any action or suits brought to enforce any liability or duty
created by the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America
are, as a matter of the laws of the United States, the sole and exclusive forum for determination
of such a claim.

57
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea022775001ex4-1_ribbon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>RIGHTS AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 14, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND ODYSSEY TRUST COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

RIGHTS AGENCY AGREEMENT

RIGHTS AGENCY AGREEMENT (the
Agreement), dated as of January 14, 2025 between Ribbon Acquisition Corp (the Company), A blank check company
incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company, and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company (the Rights Agent or Odyssey),
a trust company incorporated under the laws of Minnesota.

WHEREAS, the Company has
received a firm commitment from A.G.P (AGP), as representative of the several underwriters, to purchase up to an aggregate
of 5,000,000 units, each unit (Unit) comprised of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 (Class
A Ordinary Share) and one right to receive one-seventh (1/7) of one Class A Ordinary Share (a Public Right) upon
the happening of the triggering event described herein, and in connection therewith, will issue and deliver up to an aggregate of 5,750,000
Public Rights upon consummation of such public offering, 750,000 of which are attributable to the over-allotment option (Public
Offering);

WHEREAS, simultaneously with
the consummation of the Public Offering, the Company will issue and deliver an aggregate up to 220,000 rights (or 235,000 private rights
if the over-allotment option is exercised in full by the underwriters) underlying private units (the Private Rights);

WHEREAS, the Company may
issue up to an additional 150,000 Rights, which will be identical to the Private Rights, under additional private units in consideration
of certain working capital loans that may be made by Ribbon Investment Company Ltd, the Companys sponsor, (together with the Public
Rights, the Private Rights, and along with such other rights as the Company issues from time to time hereunder, the Rights);

WHEREAS, the Company has
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) a Registration Statements on Form S-1, No. 333-281806 ( Registration
Statement) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Act) of, among other securities, the Public Rights and the
Class A Ordinary Shares issuable to the holders of the Public Rights;

WHEREAS, the Company desires
the Rights Agent to act on behalf of the Company, and the Rights Agent is willing to so act, in connection with the issuance, registration,
transfer and exchange of the Rights;

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to provide for the form and provisions of the Rights, the terms upon which they shall be issued, and the respective rights, limitation
of rights, and immunities of the Company, the Rights Agent, and the holders of the Rights; and

WHEREAS, all acts and things
have been done and performed which are necessary to make the Rights, when executed on behalf of the Company and countersigned by or on
behalf of the Rights Agent, as provided herein, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and to authorize the execution
and delivery of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Appointment of Rights Agent. The Company hereby appoints the Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company for the Rights, and the Rights Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the same in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

2. Rights.

2.1. Form
of Right. Each Right shall be issued in registered form only, shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto, the provisions
of which are incorporated herein and shall be signed by, or bear the facsimile signature of, the Chairman of the Board or Chief Executive
Officer and Treasurer, Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company and shall bear a facsimile of the Companys seal. In the
event the person whose facsimile signature has been placed upon any Right shall have ceased to serve in the capacity in which such person
signed the Right before such Right is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he or she had not ceased to be such at the
date of issuance.

2.2. Effect
of Countersignature. Unless and until countersigned by the Rights Agent pursuant to this Agreement, a Right shall be invalid and
of no effect and may not be exchanged for Class A Ordinary Shares.

2.3. Registration.

2.3.1. Rights Register. The Rights Agent shall maintain books (Rights Register) for the registration of original issuance and the registration of transfer of the Rights. Upon the initial issuance of the Rights, the Rights Agent shall issue and register the Rights in the names of the respective holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise in accordance with instructions delivered to the Rights Agent by the Company.

2.3.2. Registered Holder. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Right, the Company and the Rights Agent may deem and treat the person in whose name such Right shall be registered upon the Right Register (registered holder) as the absolute owner of such Right and of each Right represented thereby (notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing on the Right Certificate made by anyone other than the Company or the Rights Agent), for the purpose of the exchange thereof, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Rights Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

2.4. Detachability
of Rights. The securities comprising the Units, including the Rights, will not be separately transferable until the fifty-second
(52nd) day after the date hereof unless AGP informs the Company of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, but in
no event will separate trading of the securities comprising the Units begin until (i) the Company files a Current Report on Form 8-K
which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting the receipt by the Company of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering including
the proceeds received by the Company from the exercise of the over-allotment option, if the over-allotment option is exercised on the
date hereof, and (ii) the Company issues a press release and files a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing when such separate trading
shall begin.

3. Terms
and Exchange of Rights.

3.1. Rights.
Each Right shall entitle the holder thereof to receive one-seventh of one Class A Ordinary Share upon the happening of the Exchange Event
(described below). No additional consideration shall be paid by a holder of Rights in order to receive his, her or its Class A Ordinary
Shares upon the Exchange Event as the purchase price for such Class A Ordinary Shares has been included in the purchase price for the
Units. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Rights or issue fractional Class A Ordinary Shares.

3.2. Exchange
Event. The Exchange Event shall be the Companys consummation of an initial Business Combination (as defined in the Companys
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association).

3.3. Exchange
of Rights.

3.3.1. Issuance of Certificates. As soon as practicable upon the occurrence of the Exchange Event, the Company shall direct holders of the Rights to return their Rights Certificates to the Rights Agent. If the Company is not the surviving entity in a Business Combination, the holder of Rights must affirmatively elect to such conversion. Upon receipt of a valid Rights Certificate, the Company shall issue to the registered holder of such Right(s) a certificate or certificates for the number of full Class A Ordinary Shares to which he, she or it is entitled, registered in such name or names as may be directed by him, her or it. Notwithstanding the foregoing, or any provision contained in this Agreement to the contrary, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Rights. The Company shall not issue fractional shares upon exchange of Rights. At the time of the Exchange Event, the Company will instruct the Rights Agent to round down to the nearest whole Class A Ordinary Share or otherwise inform it how fractional shares will be addressed in accordance with Cayman Islands law.

3.3.2. Valid Issuance. All Class A Ordinary Shares issued upon an Exchange Event in conformity with this Agreement shall be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

2

3.3.3. Date of Issuance. Each person in whose name any such certificate for Class A Ordinary Shares is issued shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of such shares on the date of the Exchange Event, irrespective of the date of delivery of such certificate.

3.3.4. Company Not Surviving Following Exchange Event. If the Exchange Event results in the Company not continuing as a publicly held reporting entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of Rights to receive the same per share consideration as the holders of the Class A Ordinary Shares will receive in with the Exchange Event, for the number of shares such holder is entitled to pursuant to Section 3.1 above.

3.4. Duration
of Rights. If the Exchange Event does not occur within 12 months from the closing of the Public Offering, and such Business Combination
has not yet been consummated within the applicable time period, the Rights shall expire and shall be worthless.

4. Transfer
and Exchange of Rights.

4.1. Registration of Transfer. The Rights Agent shall register the transfer, from time to time, of any outstanding Right upon the Right Register, upon surrender of such Right for transfer, properly endorsed with signatures properly guaranteed and accompanied by appropriate instructions for transfer. Upon any such transfer, a new Right representing an equal aggregate number of Rights shall be issued and the old Right shall be cancelled by the Rights Agent. The Rights so cancelled shall be delivered by the Rights Agent to the Company from time to time upon request.

4.2. Procedure for Surrender of Rights. Rights may be surrendered to the Rights Agent, together with a written request for exchange or transfer, and thereupon the Rights Agent shall issue in exchange therefor one or more new Rights as requested by the registered holder of the Rights so surrendered, representing an equal aggregate number of Rights; provided, however, that in the event that a Right surrendered for transfer bears a restrictive legend, the Rights Agent shall not cancel such Right and issue new Rights in exchange therefor until the Rights Agent has received an opinion of counsel for the Company stating that such transfer may be made and indicating whether the new Rights must also bear a restrictive legend.

4.3. Fractional Rights. The Rights Agent shall not be required to effect any registration of transfer or exchange which will result in the issuance of a Right Certificate for a fraction of a Right.

4.4. Service Charges. No service charge shall be made for any exchange or registration of transfer of Rights.

4.5. Adjustments to Conversion Ratios. The number of Class A Ordinary Shares that the holders of Rights are entitled to receive as a result of the occurrence of an Exchange Event shall be equitably adjusted to reflect appropriately the effect of any share split, reverse share split, share dividend, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, combination, exchange of shares or other like change with respect to the Class A Ordinary Shares occurring on or after the date hereof and prior to the Exchange Event.

4.6. Right Execution and Countersignature. The Rights Agent is hereby authorized to countersign and to deliver, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Rights required to be issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 4, and the Company, whenever required by the Rights Agent, will supply the Rights Agent with Rights duly executed on behalf of the Company for such purpose.

5. Other Provisions Relating to Rights of Holders of Rights.

5.1. No Rights as Stockholder. Until exchange of a Right for Class A Ordinary Shares as provided for herein, a Right does not entitle the registered holder thereof to any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to receive dividends, or other distributions, exercise any preemptive rights to vote or to consent or to receive notice as stockholders in respect of the meetings of stockholders or the election of directors of the Company or any other matter.

3

5.2. Lost, Stolen, Mutilated, or Destroyed Rights. If any Right is lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed, the Company and the Rights Agent may on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as they may in their discretion impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Right, include the surrender thereof), issue a new Right of like denomination, tenor, and date as the Right so lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed. Any such new Right shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the allegedly lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed Right shall be at any time enforceable by anyone.

5.3. Reservation of Class A Ordinary Shares. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available a number of its authorized but unissued Class A Ordinary Shares that will be sufficient to permit the exchange of all outstanding Rights issued pursuant to this Agreement.

6. Concerning the Rights Agent and Other Matters.

6.1. Payment of Taxes. The Company will from time to time promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the Company or the Rights Agent in respect of the issuance or delivery of Class A Ordinary Shares upon the exchange of Rights, but the Company shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes in respect of the Rights or such shares.

6.2. Resignation, Consolidation, or Merger of Rights Agent.

6.2.1. Appointment of Successor Rights Agent. The Rights Agent, or any successor to it hereafter appointed, may resign its duties and be discharged from all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving sixty (60) days notice in writing to the Company. If the office of the Rights Agent becomes vacant by resignation or incapacity to act or otherwise, the Company shall appoint in writing a successor Rights Agent in place of the Rights Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of 30 days after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the Rights Agent or by the holder of the Right (who shall, with such notice, submit his, her or its Right for inspection by the Company), then the holder of any Right may apply to the Supreme Court of the State of New York for the County of New York for the appointment of a successor Rights Agent at the Companys cost. Any successor Rights Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such court, shall be a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of New York, in good standing and having its principal office in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York, and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority. After appointment, any successor Rights Agent shall be vested with all the authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations of its predecessor Rights Agent with like effect as if originally named as Rights Agent hereunder, without any further act or deed; but if for any reason it becomes necessary or appropriate, the predecessor Rights Agent shall execute and deliver, at the expense of the Company, an instrument transferring to such successor Rights Agent all the authority, powers, and rights of such predecessor Rights Agent hereunder; and upon request of any successor Rights Agent the Company shall make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and all instruments in writing for more fully and effectually vesting in and confirming to such successor Rights Agent all such authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations.

6.2.2. Notice of Successor Rights Agent. In the event a successor Rights Agent shall be appointed, the Company shall give notice thereof to the predecessor Rights Agent and the transfer agent for the Class A Ordinary Shares not later than the effective date of any such appointment.

6.2.3. Merger or Consolidation of Rights Agent. Any corporation into which the Rights Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated or any corporation resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Rights Agent shall be a party shall be the successor Rights Agent under this Agreement without any further act.

4

6.3. Fees and Expenses of Rights Agent.

6.3.1. Remuneration. The Company agrees to pay the Rights Agent reasonable remuneration for its services as such Rights Agent hereunder and will reimburse the Rights Agent upon demand for all expenditures that the Rights Agent may reasonably incur in the execution of its duties hereunder.

6.3.2. Further Assurances. The Company agrees to perform, execute, acknowledge, and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged, and delivered all such further and other acts, instruments, and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Rights Agent for the carrying out or performing of the provisions of this Agreement.

6.4. Liability of Rights Agent.

6.4.1. Reliance on Company Statement. Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement, the Rights Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by a statement signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer and delivered to the Rights Agent. The Rights Agent may rely upon such statement for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

6.4.2. Indemnity. The Rights Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith. Subject to Section 6.6, the Company agrees to indemnify the Rights Agent and save it harmless against any and all liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees, for anything done or omitted by the Rights Agent in the execution of this Agreement except as a result of the Rights Agents gross negligence, willful misconduct, or bad faith.

6.4.3. Exclusions. The Rights Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to the validity of this Agreement or with respect to the validity or execution of any Right (except its countersignature thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Right; nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any Class A Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Right or as to whether any Class A Ordinary Shares will, when issued, be valid and fully paid and nonassessable.

6.5. Acceptance of Agency. The Rights Agent hereby accepts the agency established by this Agreement and agrees to perform the same upon the terms and conditions herein set forth.

6.6. Waiver. The Rights Agent hereby waives any right of set-off or any other right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) in, or to any distribution of, the Trust Account (as defined in that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Company and the Rights Agent as trustee thereunder) and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

7. Miscellaneous Provisions.

7.1. Successors. All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Rights Agent shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns.

5

7.2. Notices. Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Rights Agent or by the holder of any Right to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Company with the Rights Agent), as follows:

if to Odyssey, to:

Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company

2155 Woodlane Drive, Suite 100

Woodbury, MN 55125

Attn: Client Services

Email: *

if to the Company, to:

Ribbon Acquisition Corp

Address: Central Park Tower LaTour Shinjuku Room 3001, 6-15-1
Nishi Shinjuku, Shinjuku-ku

City, State, ZipTokyo, 160-0023, Japan

Attention: Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh (Mr.)

Telephone: +81-90-8508-3462

E-mail: *

in each case, with copies to:

Geneva Capital Group

Address: 7, Temasek Boulevard, #12-07, Suntec Tower One,
Singapore 038987

Attention: Bob Lau (Mr)

Tel: +65 91071165

Email: *

and

Address: 8A, Tower One, Oasis Kai Tak, 10 Muk Ning Street,
HK

Attention: Anna Zhou

Telephone: +852-53032443

E-mail: *

and

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor

New York, NY 10036

Attention: Shane Wu, Esq.

Email: *

7.3. Applicable Law. The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and of the Rights shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 7.2 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding or claim.

6

7.4. Persons Having Rights under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement expressed and nothing that may be implied from any of the provisions hereof is intended, or shall be construed, to confer upon, or give to, any person or corporation other than the parties hereto and the registered holders of the Rights and, for the purposes of Sections 3.1, 3.2, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof, AGP, any right, remedy, or claim under or by reason of this Agreement or of any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise, or agreement hereof. AGP shall be deemed to be a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement with respect to Sections 3.1, 3.2, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof. All covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises, and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto (and AGP with respect to Sections 3.1, 3.2, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof) and their successors and assigns and of the registered holders of the Rights.

7.5. Examination of this Agreement. A copy of this Agreement shall be available at all reasonable times at the office of the Rights Agent for inspection by the registered holder of any Right. The Rights Agent may require any such holder to submit his, her or its Right for inspection by it.

7.6. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

7.7. Effect of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the interpretation thereof.

7.8. Amendments. This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto without the consent of any registered holder for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or of curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained herein or adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem shall not adversely affect rights interest of the registered holders hereunder. All other modifications or amendments shall require the written consent or vote of the registered holders of a majority of the then outstanding Rights.

7.9. Severability. This Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

[Signature Page Follows]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this
Agreement has been duly executed by the parties hereto as of the day and year first above written.

RIBBON ACQUISITION CORP 

By: /s/ Angshuman (Bubai)
Ghosh 

Name: Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Director 

ODYSSEY TRANSFER AND TRUST COMPANY 

By: /s/ Rebecca Paulson 

Name: Rebecca Paulson 

Title: 

[Signature Page to the Rights Agreement]

EXHIBIT A

Form of Right Certificate

NUMBER

RIBBR RIGHTS

RIBBON ACQUISITION CORP

INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

RIGHT

SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

CUSIP

THIS CERTIFIES THAT, for value received ________________

is the registered holder of a right or rights
(each, a Right) to automatically receive one-seventh of one ordinary share, $0.0001 par value (Ordinary Shares),
of Ribbon Acquisition Corp (the Company) for each Right evidenced by this Rights Certificate on the Companys
completion of an initial business combination (as defined in the prospectus relating to the Companys initial public offering (Prospectus))
upon surrender of this Right Certificate pursuant to the Rights Agreement between the Company and Odyssey Trust Company, as Rights Agent.
In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any Right or issue a fractional Ordinary Share.

Upon liquidation of the Company in the event an
initial business combination is not consummated during the required period as identified in the Companys Memorandum and Articles
of Association, the Right shall expire and be worthless. The holder of a Right shall have no right or interest of any kind in the Companys
trust account (as defined in the Prospectus).

Upon due presentment for registration of transfer
of the Right Certificate at the office or agency of the Rights Agent, a new Right Certificate or Right Certificates of like tenor and
evidencing in the aggregate a like number of Rights shall be issued to the transferee in exchange for this Right Certificate, without
charge except for any applicable tax or other governmental charge. The Company shall not issue fractional shares upon exchange of Rights.
The Company reserves the right to deal with any fractional entitlement at the relevant time in any manner (as provided in the Rights Agreement).

The Company and the Rights Agent may deem and
treat the registered holder as the absolute owner of this Right Certificate (notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing
hereon made by anyone), for the purpose of any conversion hereof, of any distribution to the registered holder, and for all other purposes,
and neither the Company nor the Right Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

This Right does not entitle the registered holder
to any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company. This Right shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws
of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof.

Dated: 

CHAIRMAN CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Odyssey Trust Company 

The following abbreviations,
when used in the inscription on the face of this certificate, shall be construed as though they were written out in full according to
applicable laws or regulations:

TEN COM as tenants in common UNIF GIFT MIN ACT Custodian 

(Cust) (Minor)

TEN ENT as tenants by the entireties 

JT TEN as joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common under Uniform 

Gifts to Minors Act 

(State) 

Additional Abbreviations may also be used though
not in the above list.

Ribbon Acquisition Corp

The Company will furnish without
charge to each shareholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special
rights of each class of shares or series thereof of the Company and the qualifications, limitations, or restrictions of such preferences
and/or rights. This certificate and the rights represented thereby are issued and shall be held subject to all the provisions of the Memorandum
and Articles of Association and all amendments thereto and resolutions of the Board of Directors providing for the issue of shares of
Ordinary Shares (copies of which may be obtained from the secretary of the Company), to all of which the holder of this certificate by
acceptance hereof assents.

For value received, ___________________________
hereby sell, assign and transfer unto

PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER

IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE 

(PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS, INCLUDING ZIP CODE, OF ASSIGNEE)

rights represented by the within Certificate,
and do hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint

____________________________________________________________________________
Attorney to transfer said rights on the books of the within named Company will full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated _________________________________________

Notice: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the certificate in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.

Signature(s) Guaranteed:

THE SIGNATURE(S) SHOULD BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM, PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15). 

The holder of this certificate shall have no right
or interest of any kind in or to the funds held in the Companys trust account (as defined in the Prospectus).
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea022775001ex10-1_ribbon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>LETTER AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 14, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND EACH OF THE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Ribbon Acquisition Corp

Central Park Tower LaTour Shinjuku Room 3001

6-15-1 Nishi Shinjuku, Shinjuku-ku Tokyo 160-0023

Japan

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners

590 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10022

Re: Initial Public Offering

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter is being delivered
to you in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) entered into by and between
Ribbon Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners,
as the representative (the Representative) of the underwriters named on Schedule A thereto (the Underwriters),
relating to an underwritten initial public offering (the IPO) of the Companys units (the Units),
each comprised of one ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares), and
one right to receive one-seventh (1/7) of one Ordinary Share (Rights). Certain capitalized terms used herein
are defined in paragraph 15 hereof.

In order to induce the Company
and the Underwriters to enter into the Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the IPO, and in recognition of the benefit that such
IPO will confer upon the undersigned as a shareholder of the Company, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the undersigned hereby agrees with the Company as follows:

1. If the Company solicits approval of its shareholders of a Business Combination, the undersigned (i) will vote all Ordinary Shares beneficially owned by him, her or it, whether acquired before, in or after the IPO (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions, aside from Ordinary Shares they may purchase in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act, which would not be voted in favor of approving the Business Combination), in favor of such Business Combination unless prohibited by law, rule or regulation and (ii) will not redeem any Ordinary Shares owned by it, him or her in connection with such shareholder approval.

2. Unless the Companys shareholders are previously given the option to redeem their shares in connection with amending applicable documents to extend the time that the Company has to complete a Business Combination and that the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within 12 months from the closing of the Companys IPO, the undersigned shall take all reasonable steps to cause the Company to (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of taxes payable and less interest to pay dissolution expenses up to $100,000) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys remaining shareholders and board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.

3. Each of the Sponsor and Insiders agree (A) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to the Companys post-offering amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would stop public shareholders from converting or selling their ordinary shares to the Companys in connection with a business combination or affect the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem 100% of its public shares if it does not complete a business combination within 12 months from the closing of the IPO, unless the Company provides public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares from the trust account in connection with any such vote, (B) not to convert any Private Shares for cash from the trust account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve the Companys proposed initial Business Combination or a vote to amend the provisions of the Companys post-offering amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, and (C) that the private shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a business combination is not consummated.

4. Reserved

5. Reserved

6. The undersigned agrees, to the extent applicable, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Insider Shares (except to certain Permitted Transferees), respectively, until the earlier of (1) 180 days after the completion of the Business Combination; or (2) the date following the consummation of Business Combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property (the Lock-Up). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the initial shares will be released from the Lock-Up if (1) the reported closing price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 90 days after the initial Business Combination or (2) the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination that results in all of its shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property. However, the following transfers shall be permitted:

Transfers permitted (a) to the Companys
or AGPs officers, directors, advisors or consultants, any affiliate or family member of any of the Companys or AGPs
officers, directors, advisors or consultants, any members or partners of the sponsor or their affiliates and funds and accounts advised
by such members or partners, any affiliates of the sponsor, or any employees of such affiliates, (b) in the case of an individual, as
a gift to such persons immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of such persons immediate family,
an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution
upon death of such person; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or
transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement, in connection with an extension of the completion
window or in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares or units
were originally purchased; (f) pro rata distributions from the sponsor or AGP to its respective members, partners or shareholders pursuant
to the Sponsors or AGPs limited liability company agreement or other charter documents; (g) by virtue of the laws of the
Cayman Islands or the Sponsors limited liability company agreement upon dissolution of the Sponsor or upon dissolution of AGP.
(h) in the event of the Companys liquidation prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination; (i) in the event that,
subsequent to consummation of an initial Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar
transaction which results in all of its shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or
other property or (j) to a nominee or custodian of a person or entity to whom a transfer would be permissible under clauses (a) through
(g); provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (g) and clause (j) these permitted transferees must enter into a written
agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreements. 

2

7. The Sponsor agrees not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except to the same permitted transferees as the Initial Shares as provided in clause 6 and provided that the transferees agree to the same terms and restrictions as the permitted transferees of the Initial Shares must agree to, each as described above in clause 6) until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination.

8. The undersigned further agree to i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Initial Shares, Private Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Initial Shares, Private Shares and Public Shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (a) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if the Company have not consummated an initial Business Combination within the completion window or (b) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their Initial Shares and Private Shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the completion window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete its initial Business combination within the prescribed time frame;

9. In order to minimize potential conflicts of interest which may arise from multiple affiliations, the undersigned agrees to present to the Company for its consideration, prior to presentation to any other person or entity, any suitable opportunity to acquire a target business, until the earlier of the consummation by the Company of a Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations the undersigned might have.

10. The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that prior to entering into a Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with any Insiders of the Company or their affiliates, including any company that is a portfolio company of, or otherwise affiliated with, or has received financial investment from, an entity with which any Insider or their affiliates is affiliated, such transaction must be approved by a majority of the Companys disinterested independent directors and the Company must obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such Business Combination is fair to the Companys unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view.

3

11. The Company and the undersigned agrees that, except as disclosed in the Prospectus, neither the undersigned nor any of his, her or its affiliate shall receive from the Company any finders fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, non-cash payments, monies in respect of any repayment of a loan or other compensation prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is), other than the following, none of which will be made from the proceeds held in the Trust Account prior to the completion of the initial Business Combination: (1) repayment of an aggregate of up to $300,000 in loans made to the Company by the Sponsor under a promissory note dated August 13, 2024; (2) payment to the Sponsor of $10,000 per month for up to 12 months from the closing of the Companys IPO for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support; (3) repayment working capital loans which may be made by the undersigned or his, her or its affiliates to finance transaction costs in connection with an initial Business Combination (the Working Capital Loans); and (4) reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the undersigned in connection with certain activities on the Companys behalf, such as identifying and investigating possible business targets and business combinations; provided that if the Company does not consummate an initial Business Combination, a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account may be used by the Company to repay such Working Capital Loans so long as no proceeds from the Trust Account are used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of the Working Capital Loans may be converted upon consummation of the Companys business combination into private units at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. Units to be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans as provided herein will be identical to the Private Units sold in the Companys IPO, subject to certain restrictions and exceptions as described in the Prospectus.

12. 9. Neither the undersigned, any member of the family of the undersigned, nor any affiliate of the undersigned will be entitled to receive or accept a finders fee or any other compensation in the event the undersigned, any member of the family of the undersigned or any affiliate of the undersigned originates a Business Combination.

13. The undersigned agrees to be a director/officer of the Company until the earlier of the consummation by the Company of a Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company. The undersigneds biographical information previously furnished to the Company and the Representative is true and accurate in all material respects, does not omit any material information with respect to the undersigneds biography and contains all of the information required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 401 of Regulation S-K, promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933.The undersigneds FINRA Questionnaire previously furnished to the Company and the Representative is true and accurate in all material respects. The undersigned represents and warrants that:

(a) He, she or it has never had a petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law been filed by or against (i) him, her or it, or any partnership in which he or she was a general partner at or within two years before the time of filing; or (ii) any corporation or business association of which he or she was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing;

(b) He, she or it has never had a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer been appointed by a court for his business or property, or any such partnership;

(c) He, she or it has never been convicted of fraud in a civil or criminal proceeding;

(d) He, she or it has never been convicted in a criminal proceeding or named the subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and minor offenses);

4

(e) He, she or it has never been the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining or otherwise limiting him, her or it from (i) acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or from engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with any such activity; or (ii) engaging in any type of business practice; or (iii) engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of federal or state securities or federal commodities laws;

(f) He, she, or it has never been the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any federal or state authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days his, her or its right to engage in any activity described in 10(e)(i) above, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity;

(g) He, she, or it has never been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC to have violated any federal or state securities law, where the judgment in such civil action or finding by the SEC has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated;

(h) He, she, or it has never been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the CFTC to have violated any federal commodities law, where the judgment in such civil action or finding by the CFTC has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated;

(i) He, she, or it has never been the subject of, or a party to, any Federal, State or foreign judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of (i) any Federal, State or foreign securities or commodities law or regulation, (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and desist order, or removal or prohibition order or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity;

(j) He, she or it has never been the subject of, or party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, or any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member;

(k) He, she or it has never been convicted of any felony or misdemeanor: (i) in connection with the purchase or sale of any security; (ii) involving the making of any false filing with the SEC; or (iii) arising out of the conduct of the business of an underwriter, broker, dealer, municipal securities dealer, investment advisor or paid solicitor of purchasers of securities;

(l) He, she or it was never subject to a final order of a state or foreign securities commission (or an agency of officer of a state performing like functions); a state or foreign authority that supervises or examines banks, savings associations, or credit unions; a state or foreign insurance commission (or an agency or officer of a state performing like functions); an appropriate federal or foreign banking agency; the CFTC; or the National Credit Union Administration that is based on a violation of any law or regulation that prohibits fraudulent, manipulative, or deceptive conduct;

(m) He, she or it has never been subject to any order, judgment or decree of any court of competent jurisdiction, that, at the time of the sale of the Units, restrained or enjoined him, her or it from engaging or continuing to engage in any conduct or practice: (i) in connection with the purchase or sale of any security; (ii) involving the making of any false filing with the SEC or any foreign regulatory agency with similar functions; or (iii) arising out of the conduct of the business of an underwriter, broker, dealer, municipal securities dealer, investment adviser or paid solicitor of purchasers of securities;

(n) He, she or it has never been subject to any order of the SEC or any foreign regulatory agency with similar functions that orders him, her or it to cease and desist from committing or causing a future violation of: (i) any scienter-based anti-fraud provision of the federal securities laws, including, but not limited to, Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, Section 15(c) and Section 206(1) of the Advisers Act or any other rule or regulation thereunder; or (ii) Section 5 of the Securities Act;

(o) He, she or it has never filed (as a registrant or issuer), or been named as an underwriter in any registration statement or Regulation A offering statement filed with the SEC that was the subject of a refusal order, stop order, or order suspending the Regulation A exemption, or is, currently, the subject of an investigation or proceeding to determine whether a stop order or suspension order should be issued;

(p) He, she or it has never been subject to a United States Postal Service false representation order, or is currently subject to a temporary restraining order or preliminary injunction with respect to conduct alleged by the United States Postal Service to constitute a scheme or device for obtaining money or property through the mail by means of false representations;

5

(q) He, she or it is not subject to a final order of a state securities commission (or an agency of officer of a state performing like functions); a state authority that supervises or examines banks, savings associations, or credit unions; a state insurance commission (or an agency or officer of a state performing like functions); an appropriate federal banking agency; the CFTC; or the National Credit Union Administration that bars the undersigned from: (i) association with an entity regulated by such commission, authority, agency or officer; (ii) engaging in the business of securities, insurance or banking; or (iii) engaging in savings association or credit union activities;

(r) He, she or it is not subject to an order of the SEC entered pursuant to section 15(b) or 15B(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) or section 203(e) or 203(f) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the Advisers Act) that: (i) suspends or revokes the undersigneds registration as a broker, dealer, municipal securities dealer or investment adviser; (ii) places limitations on the activities, functions or operations of, or imposes civil money penalties on, such person; or (iii) bars the undersigned from being associated with any entity or from participating in the offering of any penny stock; and

(s) He, she or it has never been suspended or expelled from membership in, or suspended or barred from association with a member of, a securities self-regulatory organization (e.g., a registered national securities exchange or a registered national or affiliated securities association) for any act or omission to act constituting conduct inconsistent with just and equitable principles of trade.

14. The undersigned has full right and power, without violating any agreement by which he, she or it is bound, to enter into this letter agreement and to serve as a Director and/or officer of the Company.

15. The undersigned hereby waives his, her or its right to exercise redemption rights with respect to any Ordinary Shares owned or to be owned by the undersigned, directly or indirectly (or to sell such shares to the Company in a tender offer), whether purchased by the undersigned prior to the IPO, in the IPO or in the aftermarket, and agrees that he, she or it will not seek redemption with respect to or otherwise sell, such shares in connection with any vote to approve a Business Combination with respect thereto, a vote to amend the provisions of the Companys Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, or a tender offer by the Company prior to a Business Combination.

16. The undersigned hereby agrees to not propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association with respect to the Companys pre-Business Combination activities prior to the consummation of a Business Combination unless the Company offers holders of IPO Shares the right to receive their pro rata portion of the funds then held in the Trust Fund.

17. In connection with Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York, this letter agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of law that would result in the application of the substantive law of another jurisdiction. The parties hereto agree that any action, proceeding or claim arising out of or relating in any way to this letter agreement shall be resolved through final and binding arbitration in accordance with the International Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (AAA). The arbitration shall be brought before the AAA International Center for Dispute Resolutions offices in New York City, New York, will be conducted in English and will be decided by a panel of three arbitrators selected from the AAA Commercial Disputes Panel and that the arbitrator panels decision shall be final and enforceable by any court having jurisdiction over the party from whom enforcement is sought. The cost of such arbitrators and arbitration services, together with the prevailing partys legal fees and expenses, shall be borne by the non-prevailing party or as otherwise directed by the arbitrators.

18. As used herein, (i) a Business Combination shall mean a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, contractual arrangement, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities; (ii) Insiders shall mean all officers, directors and shareholders of the Company immediately prior to the IPO; (iii) Insider Shares shall mean all of the Ordinary Shares of the Company acquired by an Insider prior to the IPO; (iv) IPO Shares or Public Shares shall mean the Ordinary Shares issued in the Companys IPO as part of the Units; (v) Initial Shares means the 1,437,500 Class B ordinary shares initially issued to the sponsor in a private placement prior to this offering (including up to an aggregate of 187,500 Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part) (vi) Private Units shall mean (x) the Units purchased in the private placement taking place simultaneously with the consummation of the Companys IPO, (y) the additional Units that may be purchased in connection with the exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters in the IPO as described in the Registration Statement, and/or (z) the Units converted upon consummation of the Companys Business Combination from Working Capital Loans that may be made to the Company by the undersigned; in each case including Ordinary Shares underlying the Private Units; (vii) Registration Statement means the registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Company with respect to the IPO; (viii) Trust Fund shall mean the trust fund into which a portion of the net proceeds of the Companys IPO will be deposited; and (ix) Private Shares means the ordinary shares included in the Private Units;

6

19. Any notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this letter agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery, by electronic mail or by facsimile transmission.

If to the Representative:

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners

590 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10022

Attn.: Thomas J. Higgins

*

with a copy (which copy shall not constitute notice)
to:

Loeb & Loeb LLP

2206-19 Jardine House

1 Connaught Place

Central, Hong Kong

Attn: Lawrence Venick, Esq.

Email: *

If to the Company:

Ribbon Acquisition Corp

Central Park Tower LaTour
Shinjuku Room 3001

6-15-1 Nishi Shinjuku,
Shinjuku-ku Tokyo 160-0023

Japan

Attn: Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh, Chief Executive
Officer

Email: *

with a copy (which copy shall not constitute notice)
to:

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor

New York, NY 10036

Attn.: Shane Wu, Esq

E-mail: *

20. No party hereto may assign either this letter agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee. This letter agreement shall be binding on the parties hereto and any successors and assigns thereof.

21. This Letter Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Letter Agreement may not be changed, amended, modified or waived (other than to correct a typographical error) as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by all parties hereto and the Representative.

22. The undersigned acknowledges and understands that the Underwriters and the Company will rely upon the agreements, representations and warranties set forth herein in proceeding with the IPO. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to render the Underwriters a representative of, or a fiduciary with respect to, the Company, its shareholders or any creditor or vendor of the Company with respect to the subject matter hereof.

[Signature pages follow]

7

By: /s/ Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Name: Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Title: Chairperson of the Board of Directors 

and Chief Executive Office 

/s/
Zhiyang (Anna) Zhou 

Zhiyang (Anna) Zhou 

Chief Financial Officer 

/s/ James
Zhao-Hui Zhang 

James Zhao-Hui Zhang 

Director 

/s/ Kani Chen 

Kani Chen 

Director 

/s/Jon Nathan
Miller 

Jon Nathan Miller 

Director
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea022775001ex10-2_ribbon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>LETTER AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 14, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND RIBBON INVESTMENT COMPANY LTD
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Ribbon Acquisition Corp

Central Park Tower LaTour Shinjuku Room 3001

6-15-1 Nishi Shinjuku, Shinjuku-ku Tokyo 160-0023

Japan

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners

590 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10022

Re: Initial Public Offering

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter is being delivered
to you in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) entered into by and between
Ribbon Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners,
as the representative (the Representative) of the underwriters named on Schedule A thereto (the Underwriters),
relating to an underwritten initial public offering (the IPO) of the Companys units (the Units),
each comprised of one ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares), and
one right to receive one-seventh (1/7) of one Ordinary Share (Rights). Certain capitalized terms used herein
are defined in paragraph 15 hereof.

In order to induce the Company
and the Underwriters to enter into the Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the IPO, and in recognition of the benefit that such
IPO will confer upon the undersigned as a shareholder of the Company, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the undersigned hereby agrees with the Company as follows:

1. If the Company solicits approval
of its shareholders of a Business Combination, the undersigned (i) will vote all Ordinary Shares beneficially owned by him, her or it,
whether acquired before, in or after the IPO (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions, aside from Ordinary
Shares they may purchase in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act, which would not be voted in favor
of approving the Business Combination), in favor of such Business Combination unless prohibited by law, rule or regulation and (ii) will
not redeem any Ordinary Shares owned by it, him or her in connection with such shareholder approval.

2. Unless the Companys shareholders
are previously given the option to redeem their shares in connection with amending applicable documents to extend the time that the Company
has to complete a Business Combination and that the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within 12 months from the closing
of the Companys IPO, the undersigned shall take all reasonable steps to cause the Company to (i) cease all operations except for
the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully
available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of taxes payable and less interest to pay dissolution expenses up to $100,000)
divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys remaining shareholders and
board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Companys obligations under Cayman
Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.

3. Each of the Sponsor and Insiders
agree (A) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to the Companys post-offering amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association that would stop public shareholders from converting or selling their ordinary shares to the Companys
in connection with a business combination or affect the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem 100% of its public
shares if it does not complete a business combination within 12 months from the closing of the IPO, unless the Company provides public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares from the trust account in connection with any such vote, (B) not to convert
any Private Shares for cash from the trust account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve the Companys proposed initial
Business Combination or a vote to amend the provisions of the Companys post-offering amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, and (C) that the private shares shall not
participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a business combination is not consummated.

4. In the event of the liquidation
of the Trust Fund, the undersigned agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company against any and all loss, liability, claims, damage
and expense whatsoever (including, but not limited to, any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing
or defending against any litigation, whether pending or threatened, or any claim whatsoever) which the Company may become subject as
a result of any claim by any vendor or other person who is owed money by the Company for services rendered or products sold or contracted
for, but only to the extent necessary to ensure that such loss, liability, claim, damage or expense does not reduce the amount of funds
in the Trust Fund; provided, that such indemnity shall not apply if such vendor or other person has executed an agreement waiving any
claims against the Trust Fund.

5. In the event that the Company
does not consummate a Business Combination and must liquidate and its remaining net assets are insufficient to complete such liquidation,
the undersigned agrees to advance such funds necessary to complete such liquidation and agrees not to seek recourse for such expenses.

6. The undersigned agrees, to the
extent applicable, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Insider Shares (except to certain Permitted Transferees), respectively,
until the earlier of (1) 180 days after the completion of the Business Combination; or (2) the date following the consummation of Business
Combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Companys
shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property (the Lock-Up). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the initial shares will be released from the Lock-Up if (1) the reported closing price of the ordinary shares equals or
exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading
days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 90 days after the initial Business Combination or (2) the Company completes
a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination that results in all of its
shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property. However, the following transfers shall
be permitted:

Transfers permitted (a) to the Companys
or AGPs officers, directors, advisors or consultants, any affiliate or family member of any of the Companys or AGPs
officers, directors, advisors or consultants, any members or partners of the sponsor or their affiliates and funds and accounts advised
by such members or partners, any affiliates of the sponsor, or any employees of such affiliates, (b) in the case of an individual, as
a gift to such persons immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of such persons immediate family,
an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution
upon death of such person; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or
transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement, in connection with an extension of the completion
window or in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares or units
were originally purchased; (f) pro rata distributions from the sponsor or AGP to its respective members, partners or shareholders pursuant
to the Sponsors or AGPs limited liability company agreement or other charter documents; (g) by virtue of the laws of the
Cayman Islands or the Sponsors limited liability company agreement upon dissolution of the Sponsor or upon dissolution of AGP.
(h) in the event of the Companys liquidation prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination; (i) in the event that,
subsequent to consummation of an initial Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar
transaction which results in all of its shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or
other property or (j) to a nominee or custodian of a person or entity to whom a transfer would be permissible under clauses (a) through
(g); provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (g) and clause (j) these permitted transferees must enter into a written
agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreements. 

2

7. The Sponsor agrees not to transfer,
assign or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except to the same permitted transferees as the Initial Shares as provided
in clause 6 and provided that the transferees agree to the same terms and restrictions as the permitted transferees of the Initial Shares
must agree to, each as described above in clause 6) until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination.

8. The undersigned further agree
to i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Initial Shares, Private Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion
of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Initial Shares, Private Shares and Public
Shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association (a) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial
business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if the Company have not consummated an initial Business Combination within
the completion window or (b) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity; and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their Initial
Shares and Private Shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the completion window, although they
will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails
to complete its initial Business combination within the prescribed time frame;

9. In order to minimize potential
conflicts of interest which may arise from multiple affiliations, the undersigned agrees to present to the Company for its consideration,
prior to presentation to any other person or entity, any suitable opportunity to acquire a target business, until the earlier of the
consummation by the Company of a Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary and contractual
obligations the undersigned might have.

10. The undersigned acknowledges and
agrees that prior to entering into a Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with any Insiders of the Company
or their affiliates, including any company that is a portfolio company of, or otherwise affiliated with, or has received financial investment
from, an entity with which any Insider or their affiliates is affiliated, such transaction must be approved by a majority of the Companys
disinterested independent directors and the Company must obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such Business Combination is fair to the Companys unaffiliated shareholders
from a financial point of view.

11. The Company and the undersigned
agrees that, except as disclosed in the Prospectus, neither the undersigned nor any of his, her or its affiliate shall receive from the
Company any finders fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, non-cash payments, monies in respect of any repayment of a loan or other
compensation prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of the Companys initial
Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is), other than the following, none of which will be made from the
proceeds held in the Trust Account prior to the completion of the initial Business Combination: (1) repayment of an aggregate of up to
$300,000 in loans made to the Company by the Sponsor under a promissory note dated August 13, 2024; (2) payment to the Sponsor of $10,000
per month for up to 12 months from the closing of the Companys IPO for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support; (3) repayment working capital loans which may be made by the undersigned or his, her or its affiliates to finance transaction
costs in connection with an initial Business Combination (the Working Capital Loans); and (4) reimbursement
of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the undersigned in connection with certain activities on the Companys behalf, such as identifying
and investigating possible business targets and business combinations; provided that if the Company does not consummate an initial Business
Combination, a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account may be used by the Company to repay such Working Capital
Loans so long as no proceeds from the Trust Account are used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of the Working Capital Loans may be
converted upon consummation of the Companys business combination into private units at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option
of the lender. Units to be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans as provided herein will be identical to the Private Units
sold in the Companys IPO, subject to certain restrictions and exceptions as described in the Prospectus.

3

12. Neither the undersigned, any member
of the family of the undersigned, nor any affiliate of the undersigned will be entitled to receive or accept a finders fee or
any other compensation in the event the undersigned, any member of the family of the undersigned or any affiliate of the undersigned
originates a Business Combination.

13. The undersigneds FINRA
Questionnaire previously furnished to the Company and the Representative is true and accurate in all material respects. The undersigned
represents and warrants that:

(a) He, she or it has never had a
petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law been filed by or against (i) him, her or it, or any partnership
in which he or she was a general partner at or within two years before the time of filing; or (ii) any corporation or business association
of which he or she was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing;

(b) He, she or it has never had a
receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer been appointed by a court for his business or property, or any such partnership;

(c) He, she or it has never been convicted
of fraud in a civil or criminal proceeding;

(d) He, she or it has never been convicted
in a criminal proceeding or named the subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and minor offenses);

(e) He, she or it has never been the
subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently
or temporarily enjoining or otherwise limiting him, her or it from (i) acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity
trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission (CFTC) or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter,
broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association
or insurance company, or from engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with any such activity; or (ii) engaging
in any type of business practice; or (iii) engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity
or in connection with any violation of federal or state securities or federal commodities laws;

4

(f) He, she, or it has never been
the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any federal or state authority barring,
suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days his, her or its right to engage in any activity described in 10(e)(i) above, or
to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity;

(g) He, she, or it has never been
found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC to have violated any federal or state securities law, where
the judgment in such civil action or finding by the SEC has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated;

(h) He, she, or it has never been
found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the CFTC to have violated any federal commodities law, where the judgment
in such civil action or finding by the CFTC has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated;

(i) He, she, or it has never been
the subject of, or a party to, any Federal, State or foreign judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree or finding, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of (i) any Federal, State or foreign securities or commodities law or
regulation, (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary
or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and desist order,
or removal or prohibition order or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business
entity;

(j) He, she or it has never been the
subject of, or party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, or any self-regulatory organization,
any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members
or persons associated with a member;

(k) He, she or it has never been convicted
of any felony or misdemeanor: (i) in connection with the purchase or sale of any security; (ii) involving the making of any false filing
with the SEC; or (iii) arising out of the conduct of the business of an underwriter, broker, dealer, municipal securities dealer, investment
advisor or paid solicitor of purchasers of securities;

(l) He, she or it was never subject
to a final order of a state or foreign securities commission (or an agency of officer of a state performing like functions); a state
or foreign authority that supervises or examines banks, savings associations, or credit unions; a state or foreign insurance commission
(or an agency or officer of a state performing like functions); an appropriate federal or foreign banking agency; the CFTC; or the National
Credit Union Administration that is based on a violation of any law or regulation that prohibits fraudulent, manipulative, or deceptive
conduct;

(m) He, she or it has never been subject
to any order, judgment or decree of any court of competent jurisdiction, that, at the time of the sale of the Units, restrained or enjoined
him, her or it from engaging or continuing to engage in any conduct or practice: (i) in connection with the purchase or sale of any security;
(ii) involving the making of any false filing with the SEC or any foreign regulatory agency with similar functions; or (iii) arising
out of the conduct of the business of an underwriter, broker, dealer, municipal securities dealer, investment adviser or paid solicitor
of purchasers of securities;

(n) He, she or it has never been subject
to any order of the SEC or any foreign regulatory agency with similar functions that orders him, her or it to cease and desist from committing
or causing a future violation of: (i) any scienter-based anti-fraud provision of the federal securities laws, including, but not limited
to, Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, Section 15(c) and Section 206(1)
of the Advisers Act or any other rule or regulation thereunder; or (ii) Section 5 of the Securities Act;

5

(o) He, she or it has never filed
(as a registrant or issuer), or been named as an underwriter in any registration statement or Regulation A offering statement filed with
the SEC that was the subject of a refusal order, stop order, or order suspending the Regulation A exemption, or is, currently, the subject
of an investigation or proceeding to determine whether a stop order or suspension order should be issued;

(p) He, she or it has never been subject
to a United States Postal Service false representation order, or is currently subject to a temporary restraining order or preliminary
injunction with respect to conduct alleged by the United States Postal Service to constitute a scheme or device for obtaining money or
property through the mail by means of false representations;

(q) He, she or it is not subject to
a final order of a state securities commission (or an agency of officer of a state performing like functions); a state authority that
supervises or examines banks, savings associations, or credit unions; a state insurance commission (or an agency or officer of a state
performing like functions); an appropriate federal banking agency; the CFTC; or the National Credit Union Administration that bars the
undersigned from: (i) association with an entity regulated by such commission, authority, agency or officer; (ii) engaging in the business
of securities, insurance or banking; or (iii) engaging in savings association or credit union activities;

(r) He, she or it is not subject to
an order of the SEC entered pursuant to section 15(b) or 15B(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act)
or section 203(e) or 203(f) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the Advisers Act) that: (i) suspends
or revokes the undersigneds registration as a broker, dealer, municipal securities dealer or investment adviser; (ii) places limitations
on the activities, functions or operations of, or imposes civil money penalties on, such person; or (iii) bars the undersigned from being
associated with any entity or from participating in the offering of any penny stock; and

(s) He, she or it has never been suspended
or expelled from membership in, or suspended or barred from association with a member of, a securities self-regulatory organization (e.g.,
a registered national securities exchange or a registered national or affiliated securities association) for any act or omission to act
constituting conduct inconsistent with just and equitable principles of trade.

15. The undersigned hereby waives
his, her or its right to exercise redemption rights with respect to any Ordinary Shares owned or to be owned by the undersigned, directly
or indirectly (or to sell such shares to the Company in a tender offer), whether purchased by the undersigned prior to the IPO, in the
IPO or in the aftermarket, and agrees that he, she or it will not seek redemption with respect to or otherwise sell, such shares in connection
with any vote to approve a Business Combination with respect thereto, a vote to amend the provisions of the Companys Second Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, or a tender offer by the Company prior to a Business Combination.

16. The undersigned hereby agrees
to not propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
with respect to the Companys pre-Business Combination activities prior to the consummation of a Business Combination unless the
Company offers holders of IPO Shares the right to receive their pro rata portion of the funds then held in the Trust Fund.

6

17. In connection with Section 5-1401
of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York, this letter agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with,
the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of law that would result in the application of the substantive
law of another jurisdiction. The parties hereto agree that any action, proceeding or claim arising out of or relating in any way to this
letter agreement shall be resolved through final and binding arbitration in accordance with the International Arbitration Rules of the
American Arbitration Association (AAA). The arbitration shall be brought before the AAA International Center
for Dispute Resolutions offices in New York City, New York, will be conducted in English and will be decided by a panel of three
arbitrators selected from the AAA Commercial Disputes Panel and that the arbitrator panels decision shall be final and enforceable
by any court having jurisdiction over the party from whom enforcement is sought. The cost of such arbitrators and arbitration services,
together with the prevailing partys legal fees and expenses, shall be borne by the non-prevailing party or as otherwise directed
by the arbitrators.

18. As used herein, (i) a Business
Combination shall mean a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, contractual arrangement, share purchase, recapitalization,
reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities; (ii) Insiders
shall mean all officers, directors and shareholders of the Company immediately prior to the IPO; (iii) Insider Shares
shall mean all of the Ordinary Shares of the Company acquired by an Insider prior to the IPO; (iv) IPO Shares
or Public Shares shall mean the Ordinary Shares issued in the Companys IPO as part of the Units; (v) Initial
Shares means the 1,437,500 Class B ordinary shares initially issued to the sponsor in a private placement prior to this offering
(including up to an aggregate of 187,500 Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment
option is not exercised in full or in part) (vi) Private Units shall mean (x) the Units purchased in the
private placement taking place simultaneously with the consummation of the Companys IPO, (y) the additional Units that may be
purchased in connection with the exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters in the IPO as described in the Registration
Statement, and/or (z) the Units converted upon consummation of the Companys Business Combination from Working Capital Loans that
may be made to the Company by the undersigned; in each case including Ordinary Shares underlying the Private Units; (vii) Registration
Statement means the registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Company with respect to the IPO; (viii) Trust
Fund shall mean the trust fund into which a portion of the net proceeds of the Companys IPO will be deposited;
and (ix) Private Shares means the ordinary shares included in the Private Units;

19. Any notice, consent or request
to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this letter agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express
mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery, by electronic mail or by facsimile
transmission.

If to the Representative:

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners

590 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10022

Attn.: Thomas J. Higgins

*

with a copy (which copy shall not constitute notice)
to:

Loeb & Loeb LLP

2206-19 Jardine House

1 Connaught Place

Central, Hong Kong

Attn: Lawrence Venick, Esq.

Email: *

7

If to the Company:

Ribbon Acquisition Corp

Central Park Tower LaTour
Shinjuku Room 3001

6-15-1 Nishi Shinjuku,
Shinjuku-ku Tokyo 160-0023

Japan

Attn: Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh, Chief Executive
Officer

Email: *

with a copy (which copy shall not constitute notice)
to:

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor

New York, NY 10036

Attn.: Shane Wu, Esq

E-mail: *

20. No party hereto may assign either
this letter agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party.
Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign any
interest or title to the purported assignee. This letter agreement shall be binding on the parties hereto and any successors and assigns
thereof.

21. This Letter Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings,
agreements, or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter
hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Letter Agreement may not be changed, amended, modified or waived (other than to
correct a typographical error) as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by all parties hereto and the
Representative.

22. The undersigned acknowledges and
understands that the Underwriters and the Company will rely upon the agreements, representations and warranties set forth herein in proceeding
with the IPO. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to render the Underwriters a representative of, or a fiduciary with respect to,
the Company, its shareholders or any creditor or vendor of the Company with respect to the subject matter hereof.

[Signature pages follow]

8

By: /s/ Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Name: Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Title: Director, Ribbon Investment Company Ltd
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea022775001ex10-3_ribbon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 14, 2025, BY AND AMONG THE COMPANY AND ODYSSEY TRUST COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

FORM OF INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT

This Investment Management
Trust Agreement (this Agreement) is made effective as of January 14, 2025, by and between Ribbon Acquisition Corp
(the Company), and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company, a Minnesota corporation (the Trustee).

WHEREAS, the Companys
registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-281806) (the Registration Statement), and prospectus (the Prospectus)
for the initial public offering of the Companys units (the Units), each of which consists of one of the Companys
Class A common shares, $0.0001 par value per share (each, an Common Share), and one right to receive one-seventh
(1/7) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination (such initial public offering hereinafter
referred to as the Offering), has been declared effective as of the date hereof by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission; and

WHEREAS, the Company
has entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with A.G.P as the underwriter (the Underwriter)
named therein; and

WHEREAS, as described
in the Prospectus, $ 50,000,000 million of the gross proceeds of the Offering and sale of the Private Placement Units (as defined in the
Underwriting Agreement) (or $ 57,500,000 million if the Underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be delivered
to the Trustee to be deposited and held in a segregated trust account located at all times in the United States (the Trust Account)
for the benefit of the Company and the holders of Common Shares included in the Units issued in the Offering as hereinafter provided (the
amount to be delivered to the Trustee (and any interest subsequently earned thereon) is referred to herein as the Property,
the shareholders for whose benefit the Trustee shall hold the Property will be referred to as the Public Shareholders,
and the Public Shareholders and the Company will be referred to together as the Beneficiaries); and

WHEREAS, pursuant to
the Underwriting Agreement, a portion of the Property equal to $ 2,000,000, or $ 2,300,000 if the Underwriters over-allotment option
is exercised in full, is attributable to deferred underwriting discounts and commissions that may be payable by the Company to the Underwriter
upon the consummation of the Business Combination (as defined below) in accordance with the terms of the Underwriting Agreement (such
discounts and commissions, the Deferred Discount); and

WHEREAS, the Company
and the Trustee desire to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Trustee shall hold the
Property.

NOW THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

1. Agreements and Covenants
of Trustee. The Trustee hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Hold the Property in
trust for the Beneficiaries in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in the Trust Account established by the Trustee located in
the United States at Citibank, N.A. (or at another U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated assets of $100 billion or more) and
at a brokerage institution selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company;

(b) Manage, supervise and
administer the Trust Account subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein;

(c) Promptly upon receipt
of written instruction of the Company, (i) invest and reinvest the Property, initially solely in United States government securities within
the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money
market funds meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended (or any successor rule), which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, (ii) hold the Property
as uninvested cash or (iii) hold the Property in an interest-bearing bank demand deposit account or other accounts at a bank, in each
case as determined by the Company; the Trustee may not invest in any other securities or assets, it being understood that the Trust Account
will earn no interest while account funds are uninvested awaiting the Companys instructions hereunder and while invested or uninvested,
the Trustee may earn bank credits or other consideration;

(d) Collect and receive,
when due, all interest or other income arising from the Property, which shall become part of the Property, as such
term is used herein;

(e) Promptly notify the
Company and A.G.P of all communications received by the Trustee with respect to any Property requiring action by the Company;

(f) Supply any necessary
information or documents as may be requested by the Company (or its authorized agents) in connection with the Companys preparation
of tax returns relating to assets held in the Trust Account or in connection with the preparation or completion of the audit of the Companys
financial statements by the Companys auditors;

(g) Participate in any
plan or proceeding for protecting or enforcing any right or interest arising from the Property if, as and when instructed by the Company
to do so;

(h) Render to the Company
monthly written statements of the activities of, and amounts in, the Trust Account reflecting all receipts and disbursements of the Trust
Account;

(i) Commence liquidation
of the Trust Account only after and promptly after (x) receipt of, and only in accordance with, the terms of a letter from the Company
(Termination Letter) in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as either Exhibit A or Exhibit B, jointly
signed on behalf of the Company by its Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer or other authorized officer of the Company and,
in the case of Exhibit A, acknowledged and agreed to by A.G.P , and complete the liquidation of the Trust Account and distribute
the Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account (net of amounts withdrawn in accordance
with this Agreement and net of taxes payable, and less up to $100,000 of interest that may be released to the Company to pay dissolution
expenses, it being understood that the Trustee has no obligation to monitor or question the Companys position that an allocation
has been made for taxes payable), only as directed in the Termination Letter and the other documents referred to therein; provided,
that, in the case a Termination Letter in the form of Exhibit A is received, or (y) upon the date which is the later of (A) 12 months
after the closing of the Offering, and (B) such later date as may be approved by the Companys shareholders in accordance with the
Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as it may be amended from time to time, if a Termination
Letter has not been received by the Trustee prior to such date, in which case the Trust Account shall be liquidated in accordance with
the procedures set forth in the Termination Letter attached as Exhibit B and the Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned
on funds held in the Trust Account (net of amounts withdrawn in accordance with this Agreement and net of taxes payable, and less up to
$100,000 of interest that may be released to the Company to pay dissolution expenses), shall be distributed to the Public Shareholders
of record as of such date;

(j) Upon written request
from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit C (a Tax
Payment Withdrawal Instruction), withdraw from the Trust Account and distribute to the Company the amount of interest earned
on the Property requested by the Company to cover any franchise or income tax obligation owed by the Company as a result of assets of
the Company or interest or other income earned on the Property, which amount shall be delivered directly to the Company by electronic
funds transfer or other method of prompt payment, and the Company shall forward such payment to the relevant taxing authority; provided,
however, that to the extent there is not sufficient cash in the Trust Account to pay such tax obligation, the Trustee shall liquidate
such assets held in the Trust Account as shall be designated by the Company in writing to make such distribution so long as there is no
reduction in the principal amount per share initially deposited in the Trust Account; provided, further, however,
that if the tax to be paid is a franchise tax, the written request by the Company to make such distribution shall be accompanied by a
copy of the franchise tax bill for the Company and a written statement from the principal financial officer of the Company setting forth
the actual amount payable (it being acknowledged and agreed that any such amount in excess of interest income earned on the Property shall
not be payable from the Trust Account). The written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute presumptive evidence that
the Company is entitled to said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond said request;

2

(k) Upon written request
from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit D (a Shareholder
Redemption Withdrawal Instruction), the Trustee shall distribute on behalf of the Company the amount requested by the Company
to be used to redeem Common Shares from Public Shareholders properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment
to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys
obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination)
or to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if it does not complete its initial Business Combination within 12 months from
the closing of the Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business
Combination activity. The written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled
to distribute said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond said request; and

(l) [RESERVED]

(m) Not make any withdrawals
or distributions from the Trust Account other than pursuant to Section 1(i), (j), or (k) above.

2. Agreements and Covenants
of the Company. The Company hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Give all instructions
to the Trustee hereunder in writing, signed by a Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer. In addition, except with respect
to its duties under Section 1(i), 1(j), 1(k) and 1(l) hereof, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on, and
shall be protected in relying on, any verbal or telephonic advice or instruction which it, in good faith and with reasonable care, believes
to be given by any one of the persons authorized above to give written instructions, provided that the Company shall promptly confirm
such instructions in writing;

(b) Subject to Section
4 hereof, hold the Trustee harmless and indemnify the Trustee from and against any and all reasonable and documented expenses, including
reasonable outside counsel fees and disbursements, or losses suffered by the Trustee in connection with any action taken by it hereunder
and in connection with any action, suit or other proceeding brought against the Trustee involving any claim, or in connection with any
claim or demand, which in any way arises out of or relates to this Agreement, the services of the Trustee hereunder, or the Property or
any interest earned on the Property, except for expenses and losses resulting from the Trustees willful misconduct or gross negligence.
Promptly after the receipt by the Trustee of notice of demand or claim or the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, pursuant
to which the Trustee intends to seek indemnification under this Section 2(b), it shall notify the Company in writing of such claim
(hereinafter referred to as the Indemnified Claim). The Trustee shall have the right to conduct and manage the defense
against such Indemnified Claim; provided that the Trustee may obtain the consent of the Company with respect to the selection of counsel,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided, further that the Company may conduct and manage the defense against any Indemnified
Claim if the Trustee does not promptly take reasonable steps to mount such a defense. The Trustee may not agree to settle any Indemnified
Claim without the prior written consent of the Company, which such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Company may participate
in such action with its own counsel; 

(c) Pay the Trustee the
fees set forth on Schedule A hereto, which fees shall be subject to modification by the parties from time to time. It is expressly understood
that the Property shall not be used to pay such fees unless and until it is distributed to the Company pursuant to Section 1(i)
hereof. The Company shall pay the Trustee upon receipt of an invoice from the Trustee. The Company shall not be responsible for any other
fees or charges of the Trustee except as set forth in this Section 2(c) and as may be provided in Section 2(b) hereof;

(d) In connection with
any vote of the Companys shareholders regarding a Business Combination, provide to the Trustee an affidavit or certificate of the
inspector of elections for the shareholder meeting verifying the vote of such shareholders regarding such Business Combination; 

3

(e) Provide A.G.P 
with a copy of any Termination Letter(s) and/or any other correspondence that is sent to the Trustee with respect to any proposed
withdrawal from the Trust Account promptly after it issues the same;

(f) Expressly provide in
any Instruction Letter (as defined in Exhibit A) delivered in connection with a Termination Letter in the Form of Exhibit A
that the Deferred Discount (as provided in the Underwriting Agreement) be paid directly to the account or accounts directed by A.G.P ;
and

(g) Instruct the Trustee
to make only those distributions that are permitted under this Agreement, and refrain from instructing the Trustee to make any distributions
that are not permitted under this Agreement.

(h) Within four (4) business
days after the Underwriter exercises the over-allotment option (or any unexercised portion thereof) or such over-allotment option expires,
provide the Trustee with a notice in writing setting forth the total amount of the Deferred Discount (as provided in the Underwriting
Agreement).

3. Limitations of
Liability. The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability to:

(a) Imply obligations,
perform duties, inquire or otherwise be subject to the provisions of any agreement or document other than this Agreement and that which
is expressly set forth herein;

(b) Take any action with
respect to the Property, other than as directed in Section 1 hereof, and the Trustee shall have no liability to any party except
for liability arising out of the Trustees willful misconduct or gross negligence;

(c) Institute any proceeding
for the collection of any principal and income arising from, or institute, appear in or defend any proceeding of any kind with respect
to, any of the Property unless and until it shall have received instructions from the Company given as provided herein to do so and the
Company shall have advanced or guaranteed to it funds sufficient to pay any reasonably incurred expenses incident thereto;

(d) Refund any depreciation
in principal of any Property;

(e) Assume that the authority
of any person designated by the Company to give instructions hereunder shall not be continuing unless provided otherwise in such designation,
or unless the Company shall have delivered a written revocation of such authority to the Trustee;

(f) The other parties hereto
or to anyone else for any action taken or omitted by it, or any action suffered by it to be taken or omitted, in good faith and in the
Trustees best judgment, except for the Trustees, or its representatives, willful misconduct or gross negligence.
The Trustee may rely conclusively and shall be protected in acting upon any order, notice, demand, certificate, opinion or advice of counsel
(including counsel chosen by the Trustee with written notification to the Company, which counsel may be the Companys counsel),
statement, instrument, report or other paper or document (not only as to its due execution and the validity and effectiveness of its provisions,
but also as to the truth and acceptability of any information therein contained) which the Trustee believes, in good faith and with reasonable
care, to be genuine and to be signed or presented by the proper person or persons. The Trustee shall not be bound by any notice or demand,
or any waiver, modification, termination or rescission of this Agreement or any of the terms hereof, unless evidenced by a written instrument
delivered to the Trustee, signed by the proper party or parties and, if the duties or rights of the Trustee are affected, unless it shall
give its prior written consent thereto; 

(g) Verify the accuracy
of the information contained in the Registration Statement;

(h) Provide any assurance
that any Business Combination entered into by the Company or any other action taken by the Company is as contemplated by the Registration
Statement;

(i) File information returns
with respect to the Trust Account with any local, state or federal taxing authority or provide periodic written statements to the Company
documenting the taxes payable by the Company, if any, relating to any interest income earned on the Property;

4

(j) Prepare, execute and
file tax reports, income or other tax returns and pay any taxes with respect to any income generated by, and activities relating to, the
Trust Account, regardless of whether such tax is payable by the Trust Account or the Company, including, but not limited to, franchise
and income tax obligations, except pursuant to Section 1(j) hereof; or

(k) Verify calculations,
qualify or otherwise approve the Companys written requests for distributions pursuant to Sections 1(i), 1(j), 1(k) and
1(l) hereof.

4. Trust Account Waiver.
The Trustee has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) to, or to any monies
in, the Trust Account, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account that it may have now or in the
future. In the event the Trustee has any Claim against the Company under this Agreement, including, without limitation, under Section
2(b) or Section 2(c) hereof, the Trustee shall pursue such Claim solely against the Company and its assets outside
the Trust Account and not against the Property or any monies in the Trust Account.

5. Termination.
This Agreement shall terminate as follows:

(a) If the Trustee gives
written notice to the Company that it desires to resign under this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable efforts to locate a
successor trustee, pending which the Trustee shall continue to act in accordance with this Agreement. At such time that the Company notifies
the Trustee that a successor trustee has been appointed and has agreed to become subject to the terms of this Agreement (whether following
the Trustee giving notice that it desires to resign under this Agreement or the Company otherwise electing to replace the Trustee under
this Agreement), the Trustee shall transfer the management of the Trust Account to the successor trustee, including but not limited to
the transfer of copies of the reports and statements relating to the Trust Account, whereupon this Agreement shall terminate; provided,
however, that in the event that the Company does not locate a successor trustee within ninety (90) days of receipt of the resignation
notice from the Trustee, the Trustee may submit an application to have the Property deposited with any court in the State of New York
or with the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and upon such deposit, the Trustee shall be immune from
any liability whatsoever;

(b) At such time that the
Trustee has completed the liquidation of the Trust Account and its obligations in accordance with the provisions of Section 1(i) hereof
and distributed the Property in accordance with the provisions of the Termination Letter, this Agreement shall terminate except with respect
to Section 2(b); or

(c) If the Offering is
not consummated within ten (10) business days of the date of this Agreement, in which case any funds received by the Trustee from
the Company or Ribbon Investment Company Ltd (Sponsor HoldCo) for purposes of funding the Trust Account shall be
promptly returned to the Company or Sponsor HoldCo as applicable.

6. Miscellaneous.

(a) The Company and the
Trustee each acknowledge that the Trustee will follow the security procedures set forth below with respect to funds transferred from the
Trust Account. The Company and the Trustee will each restrict access to confidential information relating to such security procedures
to authorized persons. Each party must notify the other party immediately if it has reason to believe unauthorized persons may have obtained
access to such confidential information, or of any change in its authorized personnel. In executing funds transfers, the Trustee shall
rely upon all information supplied to it by the Company, including, account names, account numbers, and all other identifying information
relating to a Beneficiary, Beneficiarys bank or intermediary bank. Except for any liability arising out of the Trustees
or its representatives gross negligence or willful misconduct, the Trustee shall not be liable for any loss, liability or out-of-pocket
expense resulting from any error in the information or transmission of the funds.

5

(b) This Agreement shall
be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws
principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. This Agreement may be executed in several
original or facsimile counterparts, each one of which shall constitute an original, and together shall constitute but one instrument.

(c) This Agreement contains
the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Except for Sections 1(i),
1(j),1(k), 1(l) and 1(m) hereof (which sections may not be modified, amended or deleted without the
affirmative vote of sixty five percent (65%) of the then outstanding Common Shares and Class B common shares, par value $0.0001 per
share, of the Company voting together as a single class; provided that no such amendment will affect any Public Shareholder who has otherwise
indicated his, her or its election to redeem his, her or its Common Shares in connection with a shareholder vote sought to amend this
Agreement), this Agreement or any provision hereof may only be changed, amended or modified (other than to correct a typographical error)
by a writing signed by each of the parties hereto.

(d) The parties hereto
consent to the jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court located in the City of New York, State of New York, for purposes of
resolving any disputes hereunder. AS TO ANY CLAIM, CROSS-CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY WAIVES
THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.

(e) Any notice, consent
or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express
mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery, by electronic mail or by facsimile
transmission:

if to the Trustee, to:

Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company

2155 Woodlane Drive, Suite 100

Woodbury, MN 55125

Attn: Client Services

Email: *

if to the Company, to:

Ribbon Acquistion Corp

Address: Central Park Tower LaTour Shinjuku Room 3001, 6-15-1
Nishi Shinjuku,

Shinjuku-ku

City, State, ZipTokyo,
160-0023, Japan

Attention: Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh (Mr.)

Telephone: +81-90-8508-3462

E-mail: *

in each case, with copies to:

Geneva Capital Group

Address: 7, Temasek Boulevard, #12-07, Suntec Tower One,
Singapore 038987

Attention: Bob Lau (Mr)

Tel: +65 91071165

Email: *

and

Address: 8A, Tower One, Oasis Kai Tak, 10 Muk Ning Street,
HK

Attention: Anna Zhou

Telephone: +852-53032443

E-mail: *

6

and

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor

New York, NY 10036

Attention: Shane Wu, Esq.

Email: *

(f) Each of the Company
and the Trustee hereby represents that it has the full right and power and has been duly authorized to enter into this Agreement and to
perform its respective obligations as contemplated hereunder. The Trustee acknowledges and agrees that it shall not make any claims or
proceed against the Trust Account, including by way of set-off, and shall not be entitled to any funds in the Trust Account under any
circumstance.

(g) This Agreement is the
joint product of the Trustee and the Company and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement
of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.

(h) This Agreement may
be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute
one and the same instrument. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or electronic transmission shall constitute
valid and sufficient delivery thereof.

(i) Each of the Company
and the Trustee hereby acknowledges and agrees that A.G.P is a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement.

(j) Except as specified
herein, no party to this Agreement may assign its rights or delegate its obligations hereunder to any other person or entity without the
prior written consent of the other party.

[Signature page follows]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly
executed this Investment Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written above.

Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company, as Trustee 

By: /s/ Rebecca Paulson 

Name: Rebecca Paulson 

Title: President 

Ribbon Acquisition Corp 

By: /s/ Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Name: Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Title: CEO 

[Signature Page to Investment Management
Trust Agreement]

8

SCHEDULE A

Fee Schedule

Trust Agreement one-time acceptance fee $ 3,000.00 

Annual administrative fee $ 7,500.00 

Disbursement/withdrawal processing fee (per payment) $ 200.00 

Shareholder redemption processing fee (per redemption) $ 250.00 

Liquidation of the trust $ 10,000.00 

Asset management fee As quoted 

Out of pocket expenses As incurred 

EXHIBIT A

[Insert date]

Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company

2155 Woodlane Drive, Suite 100

Woodbury, MN 55125

Attn: Client Services

Re: Trust Account - Termination Letter

Dear []:

Pursuant to Section 1(i) of
the Investment Management Trust Agreement between [] (the Company) and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company
(the Trustee), dated as of [], 2024 (the Trust Agreement), this is to advise you that
the Company has entered into an agreement with [] (the Target Business) to consummate a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with the Target Business (the Business Combination)
on or about [insert date]. The Company shall notify you at least seventy-two (72) hours in advance of the actual date (or such
shorter time period as you may agree) of the consummation of the Business Combination (Consummation Date). Capitalized
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms
of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to commence to liquidate all of the assets of the Trust Account and to transfer the proceeds
into the trust operating account to the effect that, on the Consummation Date, all of the funds held in the Trust Account will be immediately
available for transfer to the account or accounts that [] (the Representative) (with respect to the Deferred
Discount, as provided in the Underwriting Agreement) and the Company shall direct on the Consummation Date. It is acknowledged and agreed
that while the funds are on deposit in the trust operating account awaiting distribution, neither the Company nor the Representative will
earn any interest.

On the Consummation Date (i) counsel
for the Company shall deliver to you written notification that the Business Combination has been consummated, or will be consummated concurrently
with your transfer of funds to the accounts as directed by the Company (the Notification) and (ii) the Company
shall deliver to you (a) an affidavit or a certificate by the Companys Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer,
which verifies that the Business Combination has been approved by a vote of the Companys shareholders, if a vote is held and (b) joint
written instruction signed by the Company and the Representative with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account,
including payment of the Deferred Discount (as provided in the Underwriting Agreement) from the Trust Account (the Instruction
Letter). You are hereby directed and authorized to transfer the funds held in the Trust Account immediately upon your receipt
of the Notification and the Instruction Letter, in accordance with the terms of the Instruction Letter. In the event that certain deposits
held in the Trust Account may not be liquidated by the Consummation Date without penalty, you will notify the Company in writing of the
same and the Company shall direct you as to whether such funds should remain in the Trust Account and be distributed after the Consummation
Date to the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds, net of any payments necessary for reasonable unreimbursed expenses related
to liquidating the Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated.

In the event that the Business
Combination is not consummated on the Consummation Date described in the notice thereof and we have not notified you on or before the
original Consummation Date of a new Consummation Date, then upon receipt by the Trustee of written instructions from the Company, the
funds held in the Trust Account shall be reinvested as provided in Section 1(c) of the Trust Agreement on the business day immediately
following the Consummation Date as set forth in the notice as soon thereafter as possible.

A-1

Very truly yours, 

[] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

A-2

EXHIBIT B

[]

[Insert date]

Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company

2155 Woodlane Drive, Suite 100

Woodbury, MN 55125

Attn: Client Services

Re: Trust Account - Termination Letter

Dear []:

Pursuant to Section 1(i) of
the Investment Management Trust Agreement between [] (the Company) and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company
(the Trustee), dated as of [], 2024 (the Trust Agreement), this is to advise you that
the Company has been unable to effect a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business
combination with a Target Business (the Business Combination) within the time frame specified in the Companys
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as described in the Companys Prospectus relating to the Offering.
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms
of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to liquidate all of the assets in the Trust Account and to transfer the total proceeds
into the trust operating account to await distribution to the Public Shareholders. The Company has selected [] as the effective
date for the purpose of determining when the Public Shareholders will be entitled to receive their share of the liquidation proceeds.
You agree to be the Paying Agent of record and, in your separate capacity as Paying Agent, agree to distribute said funds directly to
the Companys Public Shareholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement and the amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association of the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated,
except to the extent otherwise provided in Section 1(i) of the Trust Agreement.

B-1

Very truly yours, 

[] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

B-2

EXHIBIT C

[]

[Insert date]

Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company

2155 Woodlane Drive, Suite 100

Woodbury, MN 55125

Attn: Client Services

Re: Trust Account - Tax Payment Withdrawal Instruction

Dear []:

Pursuant to Section 1(j) of
the Investment Management Trust Agreement between [] (the Company) and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company
(the Trustee), dated as of [], 2024 (the Trust Agreement), the Company hereby requests
that you deliver to the Company $[] of the interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof. Capitalized terms used
but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds
to pay for the tax obligations as set forth on the attached tax return or tax statement. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement,
you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys
operating account at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]

Very truly yours, 

[] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

C-1

EXHIBIT D

[]

[Insert date]

Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company

2155 Woodlane Drive, Suite 100

Woodbury, MN 55125

Attn: Client Services

Re: Trust Account - Shareholder Redemption Withdrawal
Instruction

Dear []:

Pursuant to Section 1(k) of
the Investment Management Trust Agreement between [] (the Company) and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company
(the Trustee), dated as of [], 2024 (the Trust Agreement), the Company hereby requests
that you deliver to the redeeming Public Shareholders on behalf of the Company $[] of the principal and interest income earned
on the Property as of the date hereof. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds
to pay its Public Shareholders who have properly elected to have their Common Shares redeemed by the Company in connection with a shareholder
vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the
substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination
or to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if it does not complete its initial Business Combination within such time as is
described in the Companys amended and restated certificate of memorandum and articles of association or (B) with respect to
any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. As such, you are hereby directed
and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the redeeming Public Shareholders
in accordance with your customary procedures.

Very truly yours, 

[] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

D-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea022775001ex10-4_ribbon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 14, 2025, BY AND AMONG THE COMPANY, RIBBON INVESTMENT COMPANY LTD AND EACH OF THE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
(this Agreement) is entered into as of January 14, 2025, by and among Ribbon Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands
exempted company (the Company), Ribbon Investment Management Ltd, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Sponsor),
and each of the undersigned parties listed on the signature page hereto under Investors (each such party, together with
the Sponsor, an Investor and collectively, the Investors).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, an aggregate of 1,437,500
ordinary shares (Founder Shares), par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares)
were issued to the Sponsor, of which an aggregate of up to 187,500 shares are subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that
the underwriters over-allotment option in connection with the Companys initial public offering (IPO)
is not exercised in full or in part;

WHEREAS, the Founder Shares
are convertible into Class A ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares),
on the terms and conditions provided in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association;

WHEREAS, on the date hereof,
the Company and the Sponsor entered into that certain Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement (the Private Placement Units
Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to purchase an aggregate of 220,000 units (or up to 235,000
units depending on the extent to which the over-allotment option in connection with the Companys IPO is exercised) in a private
placement transaction occurring simultaneously with the closing of the Companys IPO;

WHEREAS, in order to finance
the Companys transaction costs in connection with its search for and consummation of an initial Business Combination (as defined
below), the Sponsor, its affiliates or any of the Companys officers and directors may loan to the Company funds as the Company
may require, of which up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent units (Working
Capital Loan Units) at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender; and

WHEREAS, the Company and the
Investors desire to enter into this Agreement, pursuant to which the Company shall grant the Investors certain registration rights with
respect to certain securities of the Company, as set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the representations, covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS. The
following capitalized terms used herein have the following meanings:

Agreement
means this Agreement, as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time.

Adverse Disclosure
means any public disclosure of material non-public information, which disclosure, in the good faith judgment of the Chief Executive Officer
or principal financial officer of the Company, after consultation with counsel to the Company, (i) would be required to be made in any
Registration Statement or Prospectus in order for the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus not to contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein (in the case of any prospectus
and any preliminary prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, (ii) would not be required
to be made at such time if the Registration Statement were not being filed, and (iii) the Company has a bona fide business purpose for
not making such information public.

Board
means the Board of Directors of the Company.

Business Combination
means any merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or
more businesses, involving the Company.

Commission
means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other Federal agency then administering the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

Company
is defined in the preamble to this Agreement.

Demand Registration
is defined in Section 2.1.1.

Demanding Holder
is defined in Section 2.1.1.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, all as
the same shall be in effect at the time.

Form S-3
is defined in Section 2.3.

Indemnified Party
is defined in Section 4.3.

Indemnifying
Party is defined in Section 4.3.

Initial Shares
means all of the outstanding Ordinary Shares issued prior to the consummation of the Companys IPO.

Investor
is defined in the preamble to this Agreement.

Investor Indemnified
Party is defined in Section 4.1.

Lock-up Period
shall mean, (A) with respect to the Initial Shares, the period ending on the earlier of (1) 180 days after the completion of the Companys
initial Business Combination; or (2) the date following the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination on which
it completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of its shareholders having the right
to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property; notwithstanding the foregoing, the Initial Shares will be released from
the Lock-up Period if (1) the reported closing price of the Companys Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted
for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing at least 90 days after its initial Business Combination or (2) the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange
or other similar transaction after its initial Business Combination that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange
their shares for cash, securities or other property; (B) with respect to the Private Units and the Working Capital Loan Units, the period
ending 30 days after the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination.

Maximum Number
of Shares is defined in Section 2.1.4.

Notices
is defined in Section 6.3.

Piggy-Back Registration
is defined in Section 2.2.1.

Ordinary Shares
means the ordinary shares of the Company, par value US$0.0001 each.

Private Units
means up to 235,000 Units, 220,000 of which the Sponsor is privately purchasing simultaneously with the consummation of the Companys
IPO and up to 15,000 Units that the Sponsor has agreed to purchase if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option.

2

Register,
Registered and Registration mean a registration effected by preparing and filing
a registration statement or similar document in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, and such registration statement becoming effective.

Registrable Securities
means (i) the Initial Shares, (ii) the Private Units (and underlying securities), and (iii) Working Capital Loan Units (as defined below).
Registrable Securities include any warrants, shares of capital stock or other securities of the Company issued as a dividend or other
distribution with respect to or in exchange for or in replacement of such Initial Shares, Private Units (and underlying Ordinary Shares),
and Working Capital Loan Units (and underlying Ordinary Shares). As to any particular Registrable Securities, such securities shall cease
to be Registrable Securities when: (a) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become effective
under the Securities Act and such securities shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration
Statement; (b) such securities shall have been otherwise transferred, new certificates for them not bearing a legend restricting further
transfer shall have been delivered by the Company and subsequent public distribution of them shall not require registration under the
Securities Act; (c) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding, or (d) the Registrable Securities are freely saleable under Rule
144 without volume limitations.

Registration
Statement means a registration statement filed by the Company with the Commission in compliance with the Securities Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder for a public offering and sale of equity securities, or securities or other obligations
exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities (other than a registration statement on Form S-4 or Form S-8,
or their successors, or any registration statement covering only securities proposed to be issued in exchange for securities or assets
of another entity).

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, all as the same
shall be in effect at the time.

Sponsor
is defined in the preamble to this Agreement.

Underwriter
means a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable Securities as principal in an underwritten offering and not as part of such dealers
market-making activities.

Units
means the units of the Company, each comprised of one Ordinary Share, and one right to acquire one-seventh (1/7) of one Ordinary Share.

Working Capital
Loan Units shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

2. REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

2.1 Demand Registration.

2.1.1 Request for Registration.
At any time and from time to time on or after (i) the date that the Company consummates a Business Combination with respect to the Private
Units and Working Capital Loan Units (and underlying Ordinary Shares) or (ii) three months prior to the end of the Lock-up Period with
respect to all other Registrable Securities, the holders of a majority-in-interest of the Registrable Securities, as the case may be,
held by the Investors or their affiliates, or the transferees of the Investors, may make a written demand, on no more than two occasions,
for registration under the Securities Act of all or part of their Registrable Securities, as the case may be (a Demand Registration).
Any demand for a Demand Registration shall specify the number of shares of Registrable Securities proposed to be sold and the intended
method(s) of distribution thereof. The Company will notify, in writing, all holders of Registrable Securities of the demand, with ten
(10) days of the Companys receipt of such demand, and each holder of Registrable Securities who wishes to include all or a portion
of such holders Registrable Securities in the Demand Registration (each such holder including shares of Registrable Securities
in such registration, a Demanding Holder) shall so notify the Company within fifteen (15) days after the receipt
by the holder of the notice from the Company. Upon any such request, the Demanding Holders shall be entitled to have their Registrable
Securities included in the Demand Registration, subject to Section 2.1.4 and the provisions set forth in Section 3.1.1. The Company shall
not be obligated to effect more than an aggregate of two (2) Demand Registrations under this Section 2.1.1 in respect of all Registrable
Securities. 

3

2.1.2 Effective Registration.
A registration will not count as a Demand Registration until the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such
Demand Registration has been declared effective and the Company has complied with all of its obligations under this Agreement with respect
thereto; provided, however, that if, after such Registration Statement has been declared effective, the offering of Registrable Securities
pursuant to a Demand Registration is interfered with by any stop order or injunction of the Commission or any other governmental agency
or court, the Registration Statement with respect to such Demand Registration will be deemed not to have been declared effective, unless
and until, (i) such stop order or injunction is removed, rescinded or otherwise terminated, and (ii) a majority-in-interest of the Demanding
Holders thereafter elect to continue the offering; provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated to file a second Registration
Statement until a Registration Statement that has been filed is counted as a Demand Registration or is terminated.

2.1.3 Underwritten Offering.
If a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders so elect and such holders so advise the Company as part of their written demand for
a Demand Registration, the offering of such Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration shall be in the form of an underwritten
offering. In such event, the right of any holder to include its Registrable Securities in such registration shall be conditioned upon
such holders participation in such underwriting and the inclusion of such holders Registrable Securities in the underwriting
to the extent provided herein. All Demanding Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through such underwriting shall
enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter or Underwriters selected for such underwriting by a majority-in-interest
of the holders initiating the Demand Registration.

2.1.4 Reduction of Offering.
If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters for a Demand Registration that is to be an underwritten offering advises the Company and the
Demanding Holders in writing that the dollar amount or number of shares of Registrable Securities which the Demanding Holders desire to
sell, taken together with all other Ordinary Shares or other securities which the Company desires to sell and the Ordinary Shares, if
any, as to which registration has been requested pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights held by other shareholders
of the Company who desire to sell, exceeds the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of shares that can be sold in such offering without
adversely affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or the probability of success of such offering (such
maximum dollar amount or maximum number of shares, as applicable, the Maximum Number of Shares), then the
Company shall include in such registration: (i) first, the Registrable Securities as to which Demand Registration has been requested by
the Demanding Holders (pro rata in accordance with the number of shares that each such Person has requested be included in such registration,
regardless of the number of shares held by each such Person (such proportion is referred to herein as Pro Rata)
that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (ii) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not
been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Ordinary Shares or other securities that the Company desires to sell that can be sold
without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and (iii) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached
under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the Ordinary Shares or other securities for the account of other persons that the Company is
obligated to register pursuant to written contractual arrangements with such persons and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum
Number of Shares.

2.1.5 Withdrawal.
If a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders disapprove of the terms of any underwriting or are not entitled to include all of their
Registrable Securities in any offering, such majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders may elect to withdraw from such offering by
giving written notice to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters of their request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such Demand Registration. If the majority-in-interest of the Demanding
Holders withdraws from a proposed offering relating to a Demand Registration, then such registration shall not count as a Demand Registration
provided for in Section 2.1. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable
Securities in connection with such Demand Registration as provided in Section 3.3.

4

2.2 Piggy-Back Registration.

2.2.1 Piggy-Back
Rights. If at any time on or after the date the Company consummates a Business Combination the Company proposes to file a
Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations
exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders of
the Company for their account (or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company including, without limitation, pursuant to
Section 2.1), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with any employee stock option or other benefit plan, (ii)
for an exchange offer or offering of securities solely to the Companys existing shareholders, (iii) for an offering of debt
that is convertible into equity securities of the Company or (iv) for a dividend reinvestment plan, then the Company shall (x) give
written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten
(10) days before the anticipated filing date, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such
offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, of the
offering, and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of such number
of shares of Registrable Securities as such holders may request in writing within five (5) days following receipt of such notice (a
Piggy-Back Registration). Subject to Section 2.2.2, the Company shall cause such Registrable Securities
to be included in such registration and shall use its best efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of a proposed
underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the same terms
and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities
in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All holders of Registrable Securities proposing to distribute
their securities through a Piggy-Back Registration that involves an Underwriter or Underwriters shall enter into an underwriting
agreement in customary form with the Underwriter or Underwriters selected for such Piggy-Back Registration.

2.2.2 Reduction of Offering.
If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters for a Piggy-Back Registration that is to be an underwritten offering advises the Company and
the holders of Registrable Securities in writing that the dollar amount or number of Ordinary Shares which the Company desires to sell,
taken together with the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which registration has been demanded pursuant to written contractual arrangements
with persons other than the holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, the Registrable Securities as to which registration has been
requested under this Section 2.2, and the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which registration has been requested pursuant to the written
contractual piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, exceeds the Maximum Number of Shares, then the Company
shall include in any such registration:

a) If the registration
is undertaken for the Companys account: (A) first, the Ordinary Shares or other securities that the Company desires to sell that
can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached
under the foregoing clause (A), the Ordinary Shares or other securities, if any, comprised of Registrable Securities, as to which registration
has been requested pursuant to the applicable written contractual piggy-back registration rights of such security holders, Pro Rata, that
can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been
reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the Ordinary Shares or other securities for the account of other persons that the Company
is obligated to register pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights with such persons and that can be sold without
exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares;

b) If the registration
is a demand registration undertaken at the demand of persons other than either the holders of Registrable Securities, (A)
first, the Ordinary Shares or other securities for the account of the demanding persons that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum
Number of Shares; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the
Ordinary Shares or other securities that the Company desires to sell that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares;
(C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), collectively
the Ordinary Shares or other securities comprised of Registrable Securities, Pro Rata, as to which registration has been requested pursuant
to the terms hereof, that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and (D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number
of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C), the Ordinary Shares or other securities for the account of
other persons that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to written contractual arrangements with such persons, that can be sold
without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares.

5

2.2.3 Withdrawal.
Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holders request for inclusion of Registrable Securities in any
Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant to written
contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement.
Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities in connection
with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 3.3.

2.3 Registrations
on Form S-3. The holders of Registrable Securities may at any time and from time to time, request in writing that the Company register
the resale of any or all of such Registrable Securities on Form S-3 or any similar short-form registration which may be available at such
time (Form S-3); provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect such request through
an underwritten offering. Upon receipt of such written request, the Company will promptly give written notice of the proposed registration
to all other holders of Registrable Securities, and, as soon as practicable thereafter, effect the registration of all or such portion
of such holders or holders Registrable Securities as are specified in such request, together with all or such portion of
the Registrable Securities or other securities of the Company, if any, of any other holder or holders joining in such request as are specified
in a written request given within fifteen (15) days after receipt of such written notice from the Company; provided, however, that the
Company shall not be obligated to effect any such registration pursuant to this Section 2.3: (i) if Form S-3 is not available for such
offering; or (ii) if the holders of the Registrable Securities, together with the holders of any other securities of the Company entitled
to inclusion in such registration, propose to sell Registrable Securities and such other securities (if any) at any aggregate price to
the public of less than $500,000. Registrations effected pursuant to this Section 2.3 shall not be counted as Demand Registrations effected
pursuant to Section 2.1.

3. REGISTRATION PROCEDURES.

3.1 Filings; Information.
Whenever the Company is required to effect the registration of any Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2, the Company shall use
its best efforts to effect the registration and sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution
thereof as expeditiously as practicable, and in connection with any such request:

3.1.1 Filing Registration
Statement. The Company shall use its best efforts to, as expeditiously as possible after receipt of a request for a Demand Registration
pursuant to Section 2.1, prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement on any form for which the Company then qualifies
or which counsel for the Company shall deem appropriate and which form shall be available for the sale of all Registrable Securities to
be registered thereunder in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof, and shall use its best efforts to cause such
Registration Statement to become effective and use its best efforts to keep it effective for the period required by Section 3.1.3; provided,
however, that the Company shall have the right to defer any Demand Registration for up to thirty (30) days, and any Piggy-Back Registration
for such period as may be applicable to deferment of any demand registration to which such Piggy-Back Registration relates, in each case
if the Company shall furnish to the holders a certificate signed by Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of the Company stating that, in
the good faith judgment of the Board, it would be materially detrimental to the Company and its shareholders for such Registration Statement
to be effected at such time; provided further, however, that the Company shall not have the right to exercise the right set forth in this
provision more than once in any 365-day period in respect of a Demand Registration hereunder.

3.1.2 Copies. The
Company shall, prior to filing a Registration Statement or prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge
to the holders of Registrable Securities included in such registration, and such holders legal counsel, copies of such Registration
Statement as proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement to such Registration Statement (in each case including all exhibits thereto
and documents incorporated by reference therein), the prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each preliminary prospectus),
and such other documents as the holders of Registrable Securities included in such registration or legal counsel for any such holders
may request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such holders.

6

3.1.3 Amendments and
Supplements. The Company shall prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, and supplements
to such Registration Statement and the prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement
effective and in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act until all Registrable Securities and other securities covered by
such Registration Statement have been disposed of in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution set forth in such Registration
Statement or such securities have been withdrawn.

3.1.4 Notification.
After the filing of a Registration Statement, the Company shall promptly, and in no event more than two (2) business days after such filing,
notify the holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement of such filing, and shall further notify such holders
promptly and confirm such advice in writing in all events within two (2) business days of the occurrence of any of the following: (i)
when such Registration Statement becomes effective; (ii) when any post-effective amendment to such Registration Statement becomes effective;
(iii) the issuance or threatened issuance by the Commission of any stop order (and the Company shall take all actions required to prevent
the entry of such stop order or to remove it if entered); and (iv) any request by the Commission for any amendment or supplement to such
Registration Statement or any prospectus relating thereto or for additional information or of the occurrence of an event requiring the
preparation of a supplement or amendment to such prospectus so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the securities covered
by such Registration Statement, such prospectus will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of the prospectus, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made), not misleading, and promptly make available to the holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration
Statement any such supplement or amendment; except that before filing with the Commission a Registration Statement or prospectus or any
amendment or supplement thereto, including documents incorporated by reference, the Company shall furnish to the holders of Registrable
Securities included in such Registration Statement and to the legal counsel for any such holders, copies of all such documents proposed
to be filed sufficiently in advance of filing to provide such holders and legal counsel with a reasonable opportunity to review such documents
and comment thereon, and the Company shall not file any Registration Statement or prospectus or amendment or supplement thereto, including
documents incorporated by reference, to which such holders or their legal counsel shall object.

3.1.5 State Securities
Laws Compliance. The Company shall use its best efforts to (i) register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration
Statement under such securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the holders of Registrable
Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of distribution) may request and (ii) take such action
necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental
authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and operations of the Company and do any and all other acts and things that
may be necessary or advisable to enable the holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement to consummate the
disposition of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to qualify
generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this paragraph or subject itself
to taxation in any such jurisdiction.

3.1.6 Agreements for
Disposition. The Company shall enter into customary agreements (including, if applicable, an underwriting agreement in customary form)
and take such other actions as are reasonably required in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of such Registrable Securities.
The representations, warranties and covenants of the Company in any underwriting agreement which are made to or for the benefit of any
Underwriters, to the extent applicable, shall also be made to and for the benefit of the holders of Registrable Securities included in
such registration statement. No holder of Registrable Securities included in such registration statement shall be required to make any
representations or warranties in the underwriting agreement except, if applicable, with respect to such holders organization, good
standing, authority, title to Registrable Securities, lack of conflict of such sale with such holders material agreements and organizational
documents, and with respect to written information relating to such holder that such holder has furnished in writing expressly for inclusion
in such Registration Statement.

3.1.7 Cooperation.
The principal executive officer of the Company, the principal financial officer of the Company, the principal accounting officer of
the Company and all other officers and members of the management of the Company shall cooperate in all reasonable respects in any
offering of Registrable Securities hereunder, which cooperation shall include, without limitation, the preparation of the
Registration Statement with respect to such offering and all other offering materials and related documents, and participation in
meetings with Underwriters, attorneys, accountants and potential investors.

7

3.1.8 Records. The Company shall make
available for inspection by the holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, any Underwriter participating
in any disposition pursuant to such registration statement and any attorney, accountant or other professional retained by any holder of
Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement or any Underwriter, all financial and other records, pertinent corporate
documents and properties of the Company, as shall be necessary to enable them to exercise their due diligence responsibility, and cause
the Companys officers, directors and employees to supply all information requested by any of them in connection with such Registration
Statement.

3.1.9 Opinions and Comfort
Letters. In the case of any underwritten offering or if reasonably requested by any participant in any other offering pursuant to
a Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement, the Company shall obtain opinions of counsel representing the Company for the
purposes of a registration pursuant to this Agreement, addressed to the holders participating in such registration, the placement agent
or sales agent, if any, and the Underwriters, if any, covering such legal matters with respect to such registration in respect of which
such opinion is being given as such holders, placement agent, sales agent, or Underwriter may reasonably request and as are customarily
included in such opinions and negative assurance letters, and reasonably satisfactory to a holders of a majority-in-interest of the Registrable
Securities included in such registration. In the case of any underwritten offering or if reasonably requested by any participant in any
other offering pursuant to a Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement, the Company shall obtain a cold comfort
letters from the Companys independent registered public accountants in the event of an underwritten public offering pursuant to
this Agreement, in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by cold comfort letters as the
managing Underwriter may reasonably request, and reasonably satisfactory to a holders of a majority-in-interest of the Registrable Securities
included in such registration. The Company shall furnish to each holder of Registrable Securities included in any Registration Statement
a signed counterpart, addressed to such holder, of (i) any opinion of counsel to the Company delivered to any Underwriter and (ii) any
comfort letter from the Companys independent public accountants delivered to any Underwriter.

3.1.10 Earnings Statement.
The Company shall comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission and the Securities Act, and make available to its
shareholders, as soon as practicable, an earnings statement covering a period of twelve (12) months, which earnings statement shall satisfy
the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder.

3.1.11 Listing.
The Company shall use its best efforts to cause all Registrable Securities included in any registration to be listed on such exchanges
or otherwise designated for trading in the same manner as similar securities issued by the Company are then listed or designated or, if
no such similar securities are then listed or designated, in a manner satisfactory to the holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities
included in such registration.

3.1.12 Road Show.
If the registration involves the registration of Registrable Securities involving gross proceeds in excess of $5,000,000, the Company
shall use its reasonable efforts to make available senior executives of the Company to participate in customary road show
presentations that may be reasonably requested by the Underwriters in any underwritten offering.

3.2 Obligation to
Suspend Distribution. Upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3.1.4(iv),
or, in the case of a resale registration on Form S-3 pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof, upon any suspension by the Company, pursuant to a
written insider trading compliance program adopted by the Companys Board, of the ability of all insiders covered
by such program to transact in the Companys securities because of the existence of material non-public information, each holder
of Registrable Securities included in any registration shall immediately discontinue disposition of such Registrable Securities pursuant
to the Registration Statement covering such Registrable Securities until such holder receives the supplemented or amended prospectus contemplated
by Section 3.1.4(iv) or the restriction on the ability of insiders to transact in the Companys securities is removed,
as applicable, and, if so directed by the Company, each such holder will deliver to the Company all copies, other than permanent file
copies then in such holders possession, of the most recent prospectus covering such Registrable Securities at the time of receipt
of such notice.

8

3.3 Registration Expenses.
The Company shall bear all costs and expenses incurred in connection with any Demand Registration pursuant to Section 2.1, any Piggy-Back
Registration pursuant to Section 2.2, and any registration on Form S-3 effected pursuant to Section 2.3, and all expenses incurred in
performing or complying with its other obligations under this Agreement, whether or not the Registration Statement becomes effective,
including, without limitation: (i) all registration and filing fees; (ii) fees and expenses of compliance with securities or blue
sky laws (including fees and disbursements of counsel in connection with blue sky qualifications of the Registrable Securities);
(iii) printing expenses; (iv) the Companys internal expenses (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers
and employees); (v) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities as required by Section
3.1.11; (vi) Financial Industry Regulatory Authority fees; (vii) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company and fees and expenses
for independent certified public accountants retained by the Company (including the expenses or costs associated with the delivery of
any opinions or comfort letters requested pursuant to Section 3.1.9); (viii) the reasonable fees and expenses of any special experts retained
by the Company in connection with such registration; (ix) the reasonable fees and expenses of one legal counsel selected by the holders
of a majority-in-interest of the Registrable Securities included in such registration; (x) preparing and printing stock certificates and
warrant certificates; (xi) the costs of any due diligence meetings; (xi) transfer taxes; and (xii) all fees related to transfer
and rights agent and registrar fees. The Company shall have no obligation to pay any underwriting discounts or selling commissions attributable
to the Registrable Securities being sold by the holders thereof, which underwriting discounts or selling commissions shall be borne by
such holders. Additionally, in an underwritten offering, all selling shareholders and the Company shall bear the expenses of the Underwriters
pro rata in proportion to the respective amount of shares each is selling in such offering.

3.4 Information.
The holders of Registrable Securities shall provide such information as may reasonably be requested by the Company, or the managing Underwriter,
if any, in connection with the preparation of any Registration Statement, including amendments and supplements thereto, in order to effect
the registration of any Registrable Securities under the Securities Act pursuant to Section 2 and in connection with the Companys
obligation to comply with Federal and applicable state securities laws.

4. INDEMNIFICATION
AND CONTRIBUTION.

4.1 Indemnification
by the Company. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Investor and each other holder of Registrable Securities, and
each of their respective officers, employees, affiliates, directors, principals, shareholders and members, attorneys and agents, their
successors and assignees, and each person, if any, who controls an Investor and each other holder of Registrable Securities (within the
meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) (each, an Investor Indemnified Party),
from and against any expenses, losses, judgments, claims, damages or liabilities, whether joint or several, arising out of or based upon
any untrue statement (or allegedly untrue statement) of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement under which the sale of
such Registrable Securities was registered under the Securities Act, any preliminary prospectus, final prospectus or summary prospectus
contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement, or arising out of or based upon
any omission (or alleged omission) to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading, or any violation by the Company of the Securities Act or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder applicable to the
Company and relating to action or inaction required of the Company in connection with any such registration; and the Company shall promptly
reimburse the Investor Indemnified Party for any legal and any other expenses reasonably incurred by such Investor Indemnified Party in
connection with investigating and defending any such expense, loss, judgment, claim, damage, liability or action; provided, however, that
the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such expense, loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or
is based upon any untrue statement or allegedly untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in such Registration Statement,
preliminary prospectus, final prospectus, or summary prospectus, or any such amendment or supplement, in reliance upon and in conformity
with information furnished to the Company, in writing, by such selling holder expressly for use therein. The Company also shall indemnify
any Underwriter of the Registrable Securities, their officers, affiliates, directors, partners, members and agents and each person who
controls such Underwriter on substantially the same basis as that of the indemnification provided above in this Section 4.1.

9

4.2 Indemnification
by Holders of Registrable Securities. Each selling holder of Registrable Securities will, in the event that any registration is being
effected under the Securities Act pursuant to this Agreement of any Registrable Securities held by such selling holder, indemnify and
hold harmless the Company, each of its directors and officers and each Underwriter (if any), and each other selling holder and each other
person, if any, who controls another selling holder or such Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act, against any losses,
claims, judgments, damages or liabilities, whether joint or several, insofar as such losses, claims, judgments, damages or liabilities
(or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or allegedly untrue statement of a material fact contained
in any Registration Statement under which the sale of such Registrable Securities was registered under the Securities Act, any preliminary
prospectus, final prospectus or summary prospectus contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment or supplement to the Registration
Statement, or arise out of or are based upon any omission or the alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statement therein not misleading, if the statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with
information furnished in writing to the Company by such selling holder expressly for use therein, and shall reimburse the Company, its
directors and officers, and each other selling holder or controlling person for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by any
of them in connection with investigation or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action. Each selling holders indemnification
obligations hereunder shall be several and not joint and shall be limited to the amount of any net proceeds actually received by such
selling holder.

4.3 Conduct of Indemnification
Proceedings. Promptly after receipt by any person of any notice of any loss, claim, damage or liability or any action in respect of
which indemnity may be sought pursuant to Section 4.1 or 4.2, such person (the Indemnified Party) shall, if a claim in respect
thereof is to be made against any other person for indemnification hereunder, notify such other person (the Indemnifying
Party) in writing of the loss, claim, judgment, damage, liability or action; provided, however, that the failure by the
Indemnified Party to notify the Indemnifying Party shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party from any liability which the Indemnifying
Party may have to such Indemnified Party hereunder, except and solely to the extent the Indemnifying Party is actually prejudiced by such
failure. If the Indemnified Party is seeking indemnification with respect to any claim or action brought against the Indemnified Party,
then the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to participate in such claim or action, and, to the extent that it wishes, jointly with
all other Indemnifying Parties, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel satisfactory to the Indemnified Party. After notice
from the Indemnifying Party to the Indemnified Party of its election to assume control of the defense of such claim or action, the Indemnifying
Party shall not be liable to the Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnified Party in connection
with the defense thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation; provided, however, that in any action in which both the Indemnified
Party and the Indemnifying Party are named as defendants, the Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel (but no
more than one such separate counsel) to represent the Indemnified Party and its controlling persons who may be subject to liability arising
out of any claim in respect of which indemnity may be sought by the Indemnified Party against the Indemnifying Party, with the fees and
expenses of such counsel to be paid by such Indemnifying Party if, based upon the written opinion of counsel of such Indemnified Party,
representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between them.
No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, consent to entry of judgment or effect any settlement
of any claim or pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which the Indemnified Party is or could have been a party and indemnity
could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Party, unless such judgment or settlement includes an unconditional release of such
Indemnified Party from all liability arising out of such claim or proceeding.

4.4 Contribution.

4.4.1 If the
indemnification provided for in the foregoing Sections 4.1, 4.2 and 4.3 is unavailable to any Indemnified Party in respect of any
loss, claim, damage, liability or action referred to herein, then each such Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such
Indemnified Party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such loss, claim, damage,
liability or action in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnified Parties and the
Indemnifying Parties in connection with the actions or omissions which resulted in such loss, claim, damage, liability or action, as
well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of any Indemnified Party and any Indemnifying Party shall be
determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or
alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by such Indemnified Party or such Indemnifying Party and
the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or
omission.

10

4.4.2 The parties hereto agree
that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 4.4 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any
other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding Section
4.4.1.

4.4.3 The amount paid or payable
by an Indemnified Party as a result of any loss, claim, damage, liability or action referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph
shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth above, any legal or other expenses incurred by such Indemnified Party
in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 4.4, no holder
of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the dollar amount of the net proceeds (after payment
of any underwriting fees, discounts, commissions or taxes) actually received by such holder from the sale of Registrable Securities which
gave rise to such contribution obligation. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the
Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

5. RULE 144.

5.1 Rule 144.
The Company covenants that it shall file any reports required to be filed by it under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and shall
take such further action as the holders of Registrable Securities may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time
to enable such holders to sell Registrable Securities without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions
provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act, as such Rules may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter
adopted by the Commission. Upon the request of any holder of Registrable Securities, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a written
certification of a duly authorized officer as to (A) whether the Company has filed (i) all reports and other materials required to be
filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the Company was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K and (ii) current Form
10 information (within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act) with the Commission reflecting the Companys status
as an entity that is no longer an issuer described in paragraph (i)(1)(i) of Rule 144 under the Securities Act and (B) the first date
that the Company filed Form 10 information (within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act) with the Commission.

6. MISCELLANEOUS.

6.1 Other Registration
Rights. The Company represents and warrants that, except as disclosed in the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File
No. _______), no person, other than the holders of the Registrable Securities, has any right to require the Company to register any of
the Companys share capital for sale or to include the Companys share capital in any registration filed by the Company for
the sale of share capital for its own account or for the account of any other person.

6.2 Assignment; No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned or delegated
by the Company in whole or in part. This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the holders of Registrable Securities hereunder
may be freely assigned or delegated by such holder of Registrable Securities in conjunction with and to the extent of any transfer of
Registrable Securities by any such holder. This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit
of each of the parties, to the permitted assigns of the Investors or holder of Registrable Securities or of any assignee of the Investors
or holder of Registrable Securities. This Agreement is not intended to confer any rights or benefits on any persons that are not party
hereto other than as expressly set forth in Article 4 and this Section 6.2. Any additional holder of Registrable Securities may become
party to this Agreement by executing and delivering a joinder to the Company and the Sponsor in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Company.

11

6.3 Notices. All
notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals or other communications (collectively, Notices) required or
permitted to be given hereunder or which are given with respect to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be personally served,
delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, telex or facsimile, addressed
as set forth below, or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Notice shall be deemed
given on the date of service or transmission if personally served or transmitted by telegram, telex or facsimile; provided, that if such
service or transmission is not on a business day or is after normal business hours, then such notice shall be deemed given on the next
business day. Notice otherwise sent as provided herein shall be deemed given on the next business day following timely delivery of such
notice to a reputable air courier service with an order for next-day delivery.

To the Company:

Ribbon Acquisition Corp

Central Park Tower LaTour Shinjuku Room 3001

6-15-1 Nishi Shinjuku, Shinjuku-ku Tokyo 160-0023

Japan

Attn: Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh, Chief Executive Officer

Email:

with a copy to:

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor

New York, NY 10036

Attention: Shane Wu, Esq

Email:

To an Investor, to the address set forth below
such Investors name on Exhibit A hereto.

6.4 Severability.
This Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable
term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to
such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible that is valid and enforceable.

6.5 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which taken together shall
constitute one and the same instrument.

6.6 Entire Agreement.
This Agreement (including all agreements entered into pursuant hereto and all certificates and instruments delivered pursuant hereto and
thereto) constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior and contemporaneous
agreements, representations, understandings, negotiations and discussions between the parties, whether oral or written.

6.7 Modifications
and Amendments. No amendment, modification or termination of this Agreement shall be binding upon the Company unless executed in writing
by the Company. No amendment, modification or termination of this Agreement shall be binding upon the holders of the Registrable Securities
unless executed in writing by the holders of the majority Registrable Securities.

6.8 Titles and Headings.
Titles and headings of sections of this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction of any provision of this
Agreement.

6.9 Waivers and
Extensions. Any party to this Agreement may waive any right, breach or default which such party has the right to waive, provided
that such waiver will not be effective against the waiving party unless it is in writing, is signed by such party, and specifically
refers to this Agreement. Waivers may be made in advance or after the right waived has arisen or the breach or default waived has
occurred. Any waiver may be conditional. No waiver of any breach of any agreement or provision herein contained shall be deemed a
waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach thereof nor of any other agreement or provision herein contained. No waiver or
extension of time for performance of any obligations or acts shall be deemed a waiver or extension of the time for performance of
any other obligations or acts.

12

6.10 Remedies Cumulative.
In the event that the Company fails to observe or perform any covenant or agreement to be observed or performed under this Agreement,
the Investor or any other holder of Registrable Securities may proceed to protect and enforce its rights by suit in equity or action at
law, whether for specific performance of any term contained in this Agreement or for an injunction against the breach of any such term
or in aid of the exercise of any power granted in this Agreement or to enforce any other legal or equitable right, or to take any one
or more of such actions, without being required to post a bond. None of the rights, powers or remedies conferred under this Agreement
shall be mutually exclusive, and each such right, power or remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to any other right, power or remedy,
whether conferred by this Agreement or now or hereafter available at law, in equity, by statute or otherwise.

6.11 Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted under, and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York applicable
to agreements made and to be performed within the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice-of-law provisions thereof that
would compel the application of the substantive laws of any other jurisdiction. The venue for any action taken with respect to the Agreement
shall be any state or federal court in New York County in the State of New York.

6.12 Waiver of Trial
by Jury. Each party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives the right to a trial by jury in any action, suit, counterclaim or
other proceeding (whether based on contract, tort or otherwise) arising out of, connected with or relating to this Agreement, the transactions
contemplated hereby, or the actions of the Investor in the negotiation, administration, performance or enforcement hereof.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized representatives as of the date first
written above.

COMPANY: 

RIBBON ACQUISITION CORP 

By: /s/ Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Name: Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

INVESTORS: 

RIBBON INVESTMENT COMPANY LTD 

By: /s/ Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Name: Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Title: Director 

EXHIBIT A

Name and Address of Initial Shareholders

To all Initial Shareholders:

c/o RIBBON INVESTMENT COMPANY LTD

[ADDRESS] 

Attn:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ea022775001ex10-5_ribbon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 14, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND RIBBON INVESTMENT COMPANY LTD
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNIT SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

This UNIT SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
(this Agreement) is made as of January 14, 2025, by and between Ribbon Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted
company (the Company), having its principal executive office at Central Park Tower LaTour Shinjuku Room 3001
6-15-1 Nishi Shinjuku, Shinjuku-ku Tokyo 160-0023 Japan, and Ribbon Investment Company Ltd, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to sell on a private placement basis (the Offering) an aggregate of up to 220,000 units (the Initial
Units) of the Company, and up to an additional 15,000 units (Additional Units and together
with the Initial Units, the Units) of the Company in the event that the underwriters 45-day over-allotment
option (Over-Allotment Option) in the Offering is exercised in full or part, each Unit comprised of one ordinary
share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares) and one right (the Right),
for a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-seventh (1/7) of one Ordinary Share (the
Right Shares) to be governed by the Rights Agreement (defined herein).

WHEREAS, the Purchaser desires
to purchase the 220,000 Initial Units and up to 15,000 Additional Units and the Company wishes to accept such subscription.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the promises and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Purchaser hereby agree as follows:

1. Agreement to Subscribe

1.1. Purchase and
Issuance of the Units. For the aggregate sum of $2,200,000 (the Initial Purchase Price), upon the terms
and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the Purchaser hereby agrees to purchase from the Company, and the Company hereby agrees
to sell to the Purchaser, on the Closing Date (as defined in Section 1.2) 220,000 Initial Units at $10.00 per Initial Unit.

In addition to the foregoing,
the Purchaser hereby agrees to purchase up to an additional 15,000 Additional Units at $10.00 per Additional Unit for a purchase price
of up to $150,000 (the Additional Purchase Price and together with the Initial Purchase Price, the Purchase
Price). The purchase and issuance of the Additional Units shall occur only in the event that the Over-Allotment Option
is exercised in full or part. The total number of Additional Units to be purchased hereunder shall be in the same proportion as the amount
of the Over-Allotment Option that is exercised. Each purchase of Additional Units shall occur simultaneously with the consummation of
any portion of the Over-Allotment Option.

1.2. Closing.
The closing of the purchase and sale of the Initial Units shall take place at the offices of Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP, 1185 Avenue
of the Americas, 31st Floor, New York, NY 10036, simultaneously with the consummation of the Companys initial public offering (IPO)
of 5,000,000 units (or 5,750,000 units if the underwriters over-allotment is exercised in full) consisting of Ordinary Shares and
Rights and the purchase and sale of the Additional Units shall take place upon the consummation of the exercise of all or any portion
of the Over-Allotment Option (each a Closing Date).

1.3. Delivery of the
Purchase Price. At least one business day prior to the effective date of the Companys registration statement relating to the
IPO as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC File No. 333-281806) (Registration Statement),
or the date of the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, if any, the Purchaser agrees to deliver the Initial Purchase Price or Additional
Purchase Price, as the case may be, by certified bank check or wire transfer of immediately available funds denominated in United States
Dollars to Odyssey Trust Company, the Companys transfer agent, which is hereby irrevocably authorized to deposit such funds on
the applicable Closing Date to the trust account which will be established for the benefit of the Companys public shareholders,
managed pursuant to that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement to be entered into by and between the Company and Odyssey Trust
Company and into which substantially all of the proceeds of the IPO will be deposited (the Trust Account).
If the IPO is not consummated within 14 days of the date the Initial Purchase Price is delivered to Odyssey Trust Company, the Initial
Purchase Price shall be returned to the Purchaser by certified bank check or wire transfer of immediately available funds denominated
in United States Dollars, without interest or deduction.

1.4. Delivery of Unit
Certificate. Upon the applicable Closing Date after delivery of the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 1.3, the Purchaser shall
become irrevocably entitled to receive a unit certificate representing the Units purchased hereunder.

2. Representations
and Warranties of the Purchaser

The Purchaser represents and
warrants to the Company that:

2.1. No Government
Recommendation or Approval. It understands that no United States federal or state agency or similar agency of any other country has
passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Company, the Offering, the Units, the Rights, the Right Shares or the Ordinary
Shares underlying the Units (excluding the Right Shares, the Unit Shares and, collectively with the Units,
and the Right Shares, the Securities).

2.2. Organization.
It is an exempted company, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands and possesses all requisite power
and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

2.3. Private Offering.
It is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act) and it is not a U.S. Person as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation
S (Regulation S) under the Securities Act. It acknowledges that the sale contemplated hereby is being made
in reliance on a private placement exemption to Accredited Investors within the meaning of Section 501(a) of Regulation
D under the Securities Act and similar exemptions under state law or a non-U.S. Person under Regulation S.

2.4. Authority.
This Agreement has been validly authorized, executed and delivered by the Purchaser and is a valid and binding agreement enforceable in
accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or
similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity (regardless of
whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity).

2.5. No Conflicts.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby
do not violate, conflict with or constitute a default under (i) the Purchasers organizational documents, (ii) any agreement, indenture
or instrument to which the Purchaser is a party or (iii) any law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Purchaser is subject, or any
agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Purchaser is subject.

2.6. No Legal Advice
from Company. It acknowledges it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the other agreements entered into between the parties hereto with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. Except for
any statements or representations of the Company made in this Agreement and the other agreements entered into between the parties hereto,
it is relying solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its representatives
or agents for legal, tax or investment advice with respect to this investment, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
securities laws of any jurisdiction. Purchaser understands and acknowledges that the law firm of Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel is not
acting as counsel or providing legal advice to Purchaser.

2.7. Access to Information;
Independent Investigation. Prior to the execution of this Agreement, it has had the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers
from representatives of the Company concerning an investment in the Company, as well as the finances, operations, business and prospects
of the Company, and the opportunity to obtain additional information to verify the accuracy of all information so obtained. In determining
whether to make this investment, it has relied solely on its own knowledge and understanding of the Company and its business based upon
its own due diligence investigation and the information furnished pursuant to this paragraph. It understands that no person has been authorized
to give any information or to make any representations which were not furnished pursuant to this Section 2 and it has not relied on any
other representations or information in making its investment decision, whether written or oral, relating to the Company, its operations
and/or its prospects.

2

2.8. Reliance on Representations
and Warranties. It understands the Units are being offered and sold to it in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements
under the Securities Act, and analogous provisions in the laws and regulations of various states, and that the Company is relying upon
the truth and accuracy of the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Purchaser set forth in
this Agreement in order to determine the applicability of such provisions.

2.9. No Advertisements.
It is not subscribing for the Units as a result of or subsequent to any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published
in any newspaper, magazine, or similar media or broadcast over television or radio, or presented at any seminar or meeting.

2.10. Legend.
It acknowledges and agrees the certificates evidencing the Units, the Shares and the Rights shall bear a restrictive legend (the Legend),
in form and substance as set forth in Section 4 hereof, prohibiting the offer, sale, pledge or transfer of the securities, except (i)
pursuant to an effective registration statement covering these securities under the Securities Act or (ii) pursuant to any other exemptions
from the registration requirements under the Securities Act and such laws which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, is available.

2.11. Experience,
Financial Capability and Suitability. It is (i) sophisticated in financial matters and is able to evaluate the risks and benefits
of the investment in the Securities and (ii) able to bear the economic risk of his investment in the Securities for an indefinite period
of time because the Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and therefore cannot be sold unless subsequently registered
under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available. It has substantial experience in evaluating and investing
in transactions of securities in companies similar to the Company so that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment
in the Company and has the capacity to protect its own interests. It has substantial experience in evaluating and investing in transactions
of securities in companies similar to the Company so that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Company
and has the capacity to protect its own interests.

2.12. Investment Purposes.
It is purchasing the Securities solely for investment purposes, for its own account and not for the account or benefit of any other person,
and not with a view towards the distribution or dissemination thereof and it has no present arrangement to sell the interest in the Securities
to or through any person or entity.

2.13. Restrictions
on Transfer. It acknowledges and understands the Units are being offered in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United
States within the meaning of the Securities Act. The Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act, and, if in the future,
it decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Securities, such Securities may be offered, resold, pledged or otherwise
transferred only (A) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act, (B) pursuant to an exemption from
registration under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (Rule 144), if available, or (C) pursuant
to any other available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and in each case in accordance with any applicable
securities laws of any state or any other jurisdiction. It agrees that if any transfer of its Securities or any interest therein is proposed
to be made, as a condition precedent to any such transfer, it may be required to deliver to the Company an opinion of counsel satisfactory
to the Company. Absent registration or another available exemption from registration, it agrees it will not resell the Securities. It
further acknowledges that because the Company is a shell company, Rule 144 may not be available to it for the resale of the Securities
until the one year anniversary following consummation of the initial Business Combination (defined below) of the Company, despite technical
compliance with the requirements of Rule 144 and the release or waiver of any contractual transfer restrictions. In addition to the foregoing,
the Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that it will be executing an insider letter and lockup agreement with the Company and A.G.P. / Alliance
Global Partners as underwriters representative, further restricting the Purchasers ability and rights to transfer any Securities.

3

3. Representations and Warranties of the
Company

The Company represents and
warrants to the Purchaser that:

3.1. Valid Issuance
of Share Capital. The total number of all classes of share capital which the Company has authority to issue is 500,000,000 Ordinary
Shares. As of the date hereof, the Company has issued 1,437,500 ordinary shares (of which up to 187,500 ordinary shares are subject
to forfeiture as described in the Registration Statement related to the IPO) and has not issued any preference shares. All of the issued
share capital of the Company has been duly authorized, validly issued, and are fully paid and non-assessable.

3.2. Title to Securities.
Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof, the rights agreement to be entered into with Odyssey Trust
Company on or prior to the closing of the IPO (the Rights Agreement) and the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association of the Company, as the case may be, each of the Rights and the Ordinary Shares will be duly and validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable. On the date of issuance of the Units and the Right Shares shall have been reserved for issuance. Upon issuance
in accordance with the terms hereof, the Rights Agreement and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company,
the Purchaser will have or receive good title to the Right Shares, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind other
than (i) transfer restrictions hereunder and pursuant to the insider letter to be entered into on or prior to the closing of the IPO (the
Insider Letter) and (ii) transfer restrictions under federal and state securities laws.

3.3. Organization
and Qualification. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a Cayman Islands exempted company and has the
requisite corporate power to own its properties and assets and to carry on its business as now being conducted.

3.4. Authorization;
Enforcement. (i) The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this
Agreement and to issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof, (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
action and no further consent or authorization of the Company or its Board of Directors or shareholders is required, and (iii) this Agreement
constitutes, and upon the execution and delivery thereof, the Rights and Rights Agreement, will constitute, valid and binding obligations
of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited
by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium, reorganization, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally
the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by equitable principles of general application and except as enforcement of
rights to indemnity and contribution may be limited by federal and state securities laws or principles of public policy.

3.5. No Conflicts.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby
do not (i) result in a violation of the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, (ii) conflict with,
or constitute a default under any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company is a party or (iii) conflict with any law statute,
rule or regulation to which the Company is subject or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Company is subject. Other
than any federal, state or foreign securities filings which may be required to be made by the Company subsequent to the Closing, and any
registration statement which may be filed pursuant thereto, the Company is not required under federal, state or local law, rule or regulation
to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency or self-regulatory
entity in order for it to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or issue the Units, the Rights, or the Ordinary Shares underlying
the Units, or Rights in accordance with the terms hereof.

4

4. Legends

4.1. Legend. The
Company will issue the Units, the Rights and the Unit Shares, and when issued, the Right Shares, purchased by the Purchaser, in the name
of the Purchaser. The Securities will bear the following Legend and appropriate stop transfer instructions:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED
HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD,
TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE. IN ADDITION, SUBJECT TO ANY ADDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFER DESCRIBED IN THE LETTER
AGREEMENT BY AND AMONG RIBBON ACQUISITION CORP (THE COMPANY), RIBBON INVESTMENT COMPANY AND THE OTHER PARTIES THERETO, THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER THE DATE UPON
WHICH THE COMPANY COMPLETES ITS INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION) EXCEPT TO A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE (AS DESCRIBED IN THE LETTER AGREEMENT REFERENCED
ABOVE) WHO AGREES IN WRITING WITH THE COMPANY TO BE SUBJECT TO SUCH TRANSFER PROVISIONS.

4.2. Purchasers
Compliance. Nothing in this Section 4 shall affect in any way the Purchasers obligations and agreements to comply with all
applicable securities laws upon resale of the Securities.

4.3. Companys
Refusal to Register Transfer of the Securities. The Company shall refuse to register any transfer of the Securities, if in the sole
judgment of the Company such purported transfer would not be made (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the
Securities Act, or (ii) pursuant to an available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

4.4. Registration
Rights. The Purchaser will be entitled to certain registration rights which will be governed by a registration rights agreement (Registration
Rights Agreement) to be entered into with the Company on or prior to the closing of the IPO.

5. Lockup

The Purchaser acknowledges
and agrees that the Units, the Rights, the Unit Shares and the Right Shares shall not be transferable, saleable or assignable until thirty
(30) days after the consummation of an acquisition, share exchange, purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any other
similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (a Business Combination), except to permitted
transferees (as defined in the Insider Letter).

6. Securities Laws Restrictions

The Purchaser agrees not to
sell, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of all or any part of the Securities unless, prior thereto (a) a registration
statement on the appropriate form under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws with respect to the Securities proposed
to be transferred shall then be effective or (b) the Company shall have received an opinion from counsel reasonably satisfactory to the
Company, that such registration is not required because such transaction complies with the Securities Act and the rules promulgated by
the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder and with all applicable state securities laws.

7. Waiver of Distributions
from Trust Account

In connection with the Securities
purchased pursuant to this Agreement, the Purchaser hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any
distributions from the Trust Account.

5

8. Rescission Right Waiver
and Indemnification

8.1. Rescission Waiver.
The Purchaser understands and acknowledges that an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act requires there be
no general solicitation of purchasers of the Units. In this regard, if the Offering were deemed to be a general solicitation with respect
to the Units, the offer and sale of such Units may not be exempt from registration and, if not, the Purchaser may have a right to rescind
its purchase of the Units. In order to facilitate the completion of the Offering and in order to protect the Company, its shareholders
and the Trust Account from claims that may adversely affect the Company or the interests of its shareholders, the Purchaser hereby agrees
to waive, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, any claims, right to sue or rights in law or arbitration, as the case may
be, to seek rescission of its purchase of the Units as a result of the issuance of the Units being deemed to be in violation of Section
5 of the Securities Act. The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees this waiver is being made in order to induce the Company to sell the Units
to the Purchaser. The Purchaser agrees the foregoing waiver of rescission rights shall apply to any and all known or unknown actions,
causes of action, suits, claims or proceedings (collectively, Claims) and related losses, costs, penalties,
fees, liabilities and damages, whether compensatory, consequential or exemplary, and expenses in connection therewith, including reasonable
attorneys and expert witness fees and disbursements and all other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending
against any Claims, whether pending or threatened, in connection with any present or future actual or asserted right to rescind the purchase
of the Units hereunder or relating to the purchase of the Units and the transactions contemplated hereby.

8.2. No Recourse Against
Trust Account. The Purchaser agrees not to seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever in connection with its
purchase of the Units or any Claim that may arise now or in the future.

8.3. Section 8 Waiver.
The Purchaser agrees that to the extent any waiver of rights under this Section 8 is ineffective as a matter of law, the Purchaser has
offered such waiver for the benefit of the Company as an equitable right that shall survive any statutory disqualification or bar that
applies to a legal right. The Purchaser acknowledges the receipt and sufficiency of consideration received from the Company hereunder
in this regard.

9. Terms of the Unit

The Units shall be substantially
identical to the Units offered in the IPO as set forth in the Underwriting Agreement, except the Units: (i) will be subject to the transfer
restrictions described herein, and (ii) are being purchased pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act and will become freely tradable only after certain conditions are met or the resale of the Units is registered under the Securities
Act.

10. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver
of Jury Trial

This Agreement shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York for agreements made and to be wholly performed within such territory.
The parties hereto hereby waive any right to a jury trial in connection with any litigation pursuant to this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby.

11. Assignment; Entire
Agreement; Amendment

11.1. Assignment.
Neither this Agreement nor any rights hereunder may be assigned by any party to any other person other than by the Purchaser, without
the prior consent of the Company, to one or more persons agreeing to be bound by the terms hereof. Upon such assignment by a Purchaser,
the assignee(s) shall become Purchaser hereunder and have the rights and obligations provided for herein to the extent of such assignment.

11.2. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any
and all prior discussions, agreements and understandings of any and every nature.

11.3. Amendment.
Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended, waived, discharged or terminated
other than by a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of any such amendment, waiver, discharge or termination
is sought.

11.4. Binding upon
Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and to their respective heirs, legal
representatives, successors and permitted assigns.

6

12. Notices; Indemnity

12.1 Notices.
All notices, requests, consents and other communications hereunder shall be in writing, shall be addressed to the receiving partys
address set forth herein or to such other address as a party may designate by notice hereunder, and shall be either (a) delivered by hand,
(b) sent by overnight courier, or (c) sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. All notices, requests, consents
and other communications hereunder shall be deemed to have been given either (i) if by hand, at the time of the delivery thereof to the
receiving party at the address of such party set forth above, (ii) if sent by overnight courier, on the next business day following the
day such notice is delivered to the courier service, or (iii) if sent by certified mail, on the fifth business day following the day such
mailing is made.

12.2 Indemnification.
Except as set forth in Section 8, each party shall indemnify the other party against any loss, cost or damages (including reasonable attorneys
fees and expenses) incurred as a result of such partys breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth
in this Agreement.

13. Counterparts

This Agreement may be executed
in one or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective
when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign
the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or any other form of electronic delivery,
such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with
the same force and effect as if such signature page were an original thereof.

14. Survival; Severability

14.1. Survival.
The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the parties hereto shall survive the Closing until one (1) year following
the consummation of an initial Business Combination.

14.2. Severability.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable
or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that no such severability
shall be effective if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any party.

15. Headings

The titles and subtitles used
in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

16. Construction

The parties hereto have participated
jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. If an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement
will be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring
any party hereto because of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement. The words include, includes,
and including will be deemed to be followed by without limitation. Pronouns in masculine, feminine,
and neuter genders will be construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular form will be construed to include the plural
and vice versa, unless the context otherwise requires. The words this Agreement, herein, hereof,
hereby, hereunder, and words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to
any particular subdivision unless expressly so limited. The parties hereto intend that each representation, warranty, and covenant contained
herein will have independent significance. If any party hereto has breached any representation, warranty, or covenant contained herein
in any respect, the fact that there exists another representation, warranty or covenant relating to the same subject matter (regardless
of the relative levels of specificity) which such party hereto has not breached will not detract from or mitigate the fact that such party
hereto is in breach of the first representation, warranty, or covenant.

[remainder of page intentionally left blank]

7

This subscription is accepted by the Company as
of the date first written above.

RIBBON ACQUISITION CORP 

By: /s/ Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Name: Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Accepted and agreed this 14th day of January, 2025. 

RIBBON INVESTMENT COMPANY LTD 

By: /s/ Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Name: Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Title: Director
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ea022775001ex10-6_ribbon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICE AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 14, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND RIBBON INVESTMENT COMPANY LTD
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.6

Administration Service Agreement

This Administration Service Agreement (the Agreement)
dated this 14th day of January 2025 is between Ribbon Investment Company Ltd, herein referred to as Service Provider and Ribbon
Acquisition Corp., herein referred to as Customer.

Service Provider has agreed to provide services
to the Customer on the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, while Customer is of the opinion that Service Provider has the
proper and necessary qualifications, experience and abilities to provide services to Customer.

Therefore in consideration of the matters described
above, the receipt and sufficiency of which consideration is hereby acknowledged, the Customer and the Service Provider agree as follows:

1. Scope
of Work

The Service Provider is to provide the Customer
with the following services (the Services): Company Administration, office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative
support services provided to members of the Customers management team.

The services will include any other tasks which
the Customer and the Service Provider may agree on.

2. Term
of Agreement

This Agreement will begin on [ ]
and will remain in full force and effect for up to 12 months. This Agreement may be extended by mutual written agreement of the parties.

3. Termination

If either party seeks termination of this Agreement,
the terminating party must provide a 30 days written notice to the other party.

4. Compensation

The Customer will provide compensation to the
Service Provider of US$10,000 per month for the services rendered by the Service Provider as required by this Agreement. Compensation
is payable at the completion of services; provided, however, that the Company may delay payment of such monthly fee upon a determination
by the audit committee of the board of directors of the Company that the Company lacks sufficient funds held outside of the Trust Account
(as defined below) to pay actual or anticipated expenses in connection with an initial business combination. Any such unpaid amount shall
accrue without interest and either be due and payable no later than the date of the Companys initial business combination. If the
Company does not consummate an initial business combination, any accrued and unpaid amounts hereunder shall be forgiven. The Service Provider
hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies that may be set aside in a trust
account (the Trust Account) to be established upon the consummation of the IPO (the Claim) and hereby waives
any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with the Company and
will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have duly affixed their signatures
under hand on this day of 2025

Ribbon Acquisition Corp. 

By: /s/ Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Name: Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Title: CEO 

Ribbon Investment Company Ltd 

By: /s/ Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Name: Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Title: Director
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ea022775001ex10-7_ribbon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 14, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND EACH OF THE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.7

FORM OF INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

This Agreement, made and entered
into effective as of January 14, 2025 (Agreement), by and between Ribbon Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company
(Company), and the undersigned indemnitee (Indemnitee).

WHEREAS, the adoption of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other laws, rules and regulations being promulgated have increased the potential for liability of officers
and directors;

WHEREAS, the board of directors
of the Company (Board) has determined that the ability to attract and retain such persons is in the best interests of the
Companys shareholders;

WHEREAS, it is reasonable,
prudent and necessary for the Company to obligate itself contractually to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and to advance expenses
on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that such persons will serve or continue to serve the
Company free from undue concern that they will not be adequately indemnified;

WHEREAS, this Agreement is
a supplement to and in furtherance of the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and any resolutions
adopted pursuant thereto and shall neither be deemed to be a substitute therefor nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee
thereunder; and

WHEREAS, Indemnitee is willing
to serve on behalf of the Company on the condition that he be indemnified according to the terms of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the covenants contained herein, and subject to the provisions of the letter agreement dated as of _______, 2025, the
Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

1. Definitions. For purposes of this
Agreement:

1.1 Change in Control
means a change in control of the Company occurring after the date hereof of a nature that would be required to be reported in response
to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or in response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting
requirement provided, however, that, without limitation, such a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if after the date hereof
(i) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), other than a person who is an officer
or director of the Company on the date hereof (and any of such persons affiliates), is or becomes beneficial owner
(as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50% or more of the
combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company without the prior approval of at least two-thirds of the members
of the Board in office immediately prior to such person attaining such percentage interest; (ii) the Company is a party to a merger, consolidation,
sale of assets or other reorganization, or a proxy contest, as a consequence of which (A) members of the Board in office immediately prior
to such transaction or event constitute less than a majority of the Board thereafter or (B) the voting securities of the Company outstanding
immediately prior to such transaction do not continue to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting
securities of the surviving entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding
immediately after such transaction with the power to elect at least a majority of the board of directors or other governing body of such
surviving entity; or (iii) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the
Board (including for this purpose any new director whose election or nomination for election by the Companys shareholders was approved
by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors at the beginning of such period or whose election
or nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board.

1.2 Corporate Status
means the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company or of any other corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which such person is or was serving at the request of the
Company. In addition, service at the actual request of the Company, for purposes of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be deemed to be serving
or to have served at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of any other enterprise if Indemnitee
is or was serving as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of such enterprise and (A) such enterprise is or at the time of
such service was an affiliate of the Company, (B) such enterprise is or at the time of such service was an employee benefit plan (or related
trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or an affiliate of the Company or (C) the Company or an affiliate of the Company directly
or indirectly caused Indemnitee to be nominated, elected, appointed, designated, employed, engaged or selected to serve in such capacity

1.3 Disinterested Director
means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

1.4 Expenses
means all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs (including trial and appeals), transcript costs, fees of experts, witness
fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, federal, state,
local, or foreign taxes imposed as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, and all other disbursements
or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating,
or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding.

Expenses also shall include
Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including without limitation the principal, premium, security
for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not
include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

1.5 Independent Counsel
means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past
five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any other matter material to either such party (other than
with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements),
or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term
Independent Counsel does not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing,
would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights
under this Agreement. Except as provided in the first sentence of Section 9.3 hereof, Independent Counsel shall be selected by (a) the
Disinterested Directors or (b) a committee of the Board consisting of two or more Disinterested Directors or if (a) and (b) above are
not possible, then by a majority of the full Board.

1.6 Proceeding
means any action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, administrative hearing or any other proceeding,
whether conducted by or on behalf of the Company or any other party, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except
one initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement to enforce his rights under this Agreement.

2. Services by Indemnitee.

Indemnitee agrees to serve
as a director, officer or employee of the Company. Indemnitee may at any time and for any reason resign from such position (subject to
any other contractual obligation or any obligation imposed by operation of law).

3. Indemnification - General.

Except with respect to actions
finally adjudicated to be a result of actual fraud or intentional misconduct of the Indemnitee, the Company shall indemnify, and, subject
to Section 26 hereof, advance Expenses to, Indemnitee as provided in this Agreement to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law
in effect on the date hereof and to such greater extent as any amendment to or interpretation of applicable law may thereafter from time
to time permit. The rights of Indemnitee provided under the preceding sentence shall include, but shall not be limited to, the rights
set forth in the other Sections of this Agreement.

2

4. Proceedings Other Than Proceedings
by or in the Right of the Company.

Indemnitee shall be entitled
to the rights of indemnification provided in this Agreement if, by reason of his Corporate Status, he is, was or is threatened to be made,
a party to any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this
Agreement, subject to Section 26 hereof, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid
in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with any such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter
therein, if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company,
and, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful; provided, in no event shall
Indemnitee be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless or advanced any amounts hereunder in respect of any Expenses, judgments, liabilities,
fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (if any) that Indemnitee may incur by reason of his or her own actual fraud or intentional
misconduct. Indemnitee shall not be found to have committed actual fraud or intentional misconduct for any purpose of this Agreement unless
or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a finding to that effect.

5. Proceedings by or in the Right of the
Company.

Indemnitee shall be entitled
to the rights of indemnification provided in this Agreement if, by reason of his Corporate Status, he was or is threatened to be made,
a party to any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor.
Pursuant to this Agreement, subject to Section 26 hereof, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against amounts paid in settlement and Expenses
actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with the defense or settlement of any such Proceeding if he acted
in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no indemnification under this paragraph shall be made in respect of (1) a threatened or pending Proceeding which is settled
or otherwise disposed of, or (2) any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Company,
unless and only to the extent that the court in which such Proceeding shall have been brought, was brought or is pending, shall determine,
upon application, that Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such portion of the settlement amount and Expenses
as the court deems proper.

6. Indemnification for Expenses of Party
Who is Wholly or Partly Successful.

Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement except for Section 26 hereof, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a party
to and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding, he shall be indemnified against all Expenses (and, when eligible
hereunder, amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee
is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims,
issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses (and, when eligible hereunder, amount
paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue
or matter. For purposes of this Agreement, the term successful, on the merits or otherwise, includes, but is not limited
to, (i) any termination, withdrawal, or dismissal (with or without prejudice) of any Proceeding against the Indemnitee without any express
finding of liability or guilt against him, and (ii) the expiration of 90 days after the making of any claim or threat of a Proceeding
without the institution of the same and without any promise or payment made to induce a settlement.

7. Indemnification for Expenses as a Witness.

Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement except for Section 26 hereof, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a witness
in any Proceeding, he shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection
therewith.

3

8. Advancement of Expenses and Other Amounts.

Subject to Section 26 hereof,
the Company shall advance all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and, when eligible hereunder, amounts paid in settlement, incurred
by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement
or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such
Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement,
incurred by Indemnitee and shall include or be preceded or accompanied by an agreement by or on behalf of Indemnitee to repay any Expenses,
judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that Indemnitee is not entitled
to be indemnified against such Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and, when eligible hereunder, amounts paid in settlement. In connection
with any request for advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement, Indemnitee shall not be required
to provide any documentation or information to the extent that the provision thereof would undermine or otherwise jeopardize attorney-client
privilege. The Companys obligation in respect of the advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement
in connection with a criminal Proceeding in which Indemnitee is a defendant shall terminate at such time as Indemnitee pleads guilty or
is convicted after trial and such conviction becomes final and no longer subject to appeal. Advances shall be unsecured and interest free.
Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay such amounts and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate
entitlement to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement.

9. Procedure for Determination of Entitlement
to Indemnification.

9.1 To obtain indemnification
under this Agreement in connection with any Proceeding, and for the duration thereof, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written
request, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably
necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The officer of the Company shall, promptly
upon receipt of any such request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification.

9.2 Upon written request by
Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to Section 9.1 hereof, a determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees
entitlement thereto shall be made in such case: (i) if a Change in Control shall have occurred, by Independent Counsel (unless Indemnitee
shall request that such determination be made by the Board or the shareholders, in which case in the manner provided for in clauses (ii)
or (iii) of this Section 9.2) in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee; (ii) if a Change of
Control shall not have occurred, at the election of the Company, (A) by the Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested
Directors, or (B) if a quorum of the Board consisting of Disinterested Directors is not obtainable, by a majority of a committee of the
Board consisting of two or more Disinterested Directors, or (C) by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which
shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (D) by the shareholders of the Company, by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of shareholders
who are not parties to the proceeding, or if no such quorum is obtainable, by a majority vote of shareholders who are not parties to such
proceeding; or (iii) as provided in Section 10.2 of this Agreement. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect
to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which
indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be
made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination
with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable
advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably
available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or expenses (including attorneys fees and disbursements)
incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective
of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee
harmless therefrom.

9.3 If a Change of Control
shall have occurred, Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made
by the Board), and Indemnitee (or the Board, as the case may be) shall give written notice to the other party advising it of the identity
of Independent Counsel so selected. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within seven days after such
written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to
such selection. Such objection may be asserted only on the ground that Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements
of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 1 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the
factual basis of such assertion. If such written objection is made, Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel
unless and until a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within 20 days after submission by Indemnitee of a written
request for indemnification pursuant to Section 9.1 hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either
the Company or Indemnitee may petition a court of competent jurisdiction, for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by
the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a
person selected by such court or by such other person as such court shall designate, and the person with respect to whom an objection
is so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 9.2 hereof. The Company shall pay any and all
reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with its actions pursuant to this
Agreement, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident to the procedures of this Section 9.3, regardless of the
manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. Upon the due commencement date of any judicial proceeding pursuant
to Section 11.1(iii) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity
(subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

4

10. Presumptions and Effects of Certain
Proceedings.

10.1 In making a determination
with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person or persons or entity making such determination shall presume that
Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance
with Section 9.1 of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption by clear and convincing
evidence in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the
failure of the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement
of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable
standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) that
Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has
not met the applicable standard of conduct.

10.2 If the person, persons
or entity empowered or selected under Section 9 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall
not have made a determination within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination
of entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i)
a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not
materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) prohibition of such indemnification under applicable
law; provided, however, that such 60-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional thirty (30) days, if
the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith require(s) such additional
time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, however, that the foregoing
provisions of this Section 10.2 shall not apply (i) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the shareholders
pursuant to Section 9.2 of this Agreement and if (A) within 15 days after receipt by the Company of the request for such determination
the Board has resolved to submit such determination to the shareholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held
within 75 days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or (B) a special meeting of shareholders is called within 15
days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within 60 days after having
been so called and such determination is made thereat, or (ii) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by
Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 9.2 of this Agreement. In connection with each meeting at which a shareholder determination will
be made, the Company shall solicit proxies that expressly include a proposal to indemnify or reimburse the Indemnitee. The Company shall
afford the Indemnitee ample opportunity to present evidence of the facts upon which the Indemnitee relies for indemnification in any Company
proxy statement relating to such shareholder determination. Subject to the fiduciary duties of its members under applicable law, the Board
will not recommend against indemnification or reimbursement in any proxy statement relating to the proposal to indemnify or reimburse
the Indemnitee.

10.3 The termination of any
Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or
its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee
to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be
in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause
to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

5

10.4 For purposes of this
Agreement, the Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to
the best interests of the Company, or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct
was unlawful, if his action is based on (i) the records or books of account of the Company, or another enterprise, including financial
statements, (ii) information supplied to him by the officers of the Company or another enterprise in the course of their duties, (iii)
the advice of legal counsel for the Company or another enterprise, or of an independent certified public accountant or an appraiser or
other expert selected with reasonable care by the Company or another enterprise. The term another enterprise as used in
this Section shall mean any other corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which
the Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, partner, trustee, employee or agent. The provisions
of this Section shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which the Indemnitee may be deemed
to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth herein. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.4 are satisfied,
it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in
or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause to believe
Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of
persuasion by clear and convincing evidence.

10.5 The knowledge and/or
actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of
the Company shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.

11. Remedies of Indemnitee.

11.1 In the event that (i)
a determination is made pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement,
(ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (iii) the determination of indemnification is
to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 9.2 of this Agreement and such determination shall not have been made and delivered
in a written opinion within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification
is not made pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor,
or (v) payment of indemnification is not made within thirty (30) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled
to indemnification or such determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 9 or 10 of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be
entitled to an adjudication in an appropriate court of the State of New York, or in any other court of competent jurisdiction, of his
entitlement to such indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines or, when eligible hereunder, amounts paid
in settlement. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication.

11.2 In the event that a determination
shall have been made pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding
commenced pursuant to this Section shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced
by reason of that adverse determination.

11.3 If a determination shall
have been made or deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 9 or 10 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification,
the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section, absent (i) a misstatement
by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading,
in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

11.4 The Company shall be
precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement
are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

11.5 In the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to
this Section, seeks a judicial adjudication of his rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other agreement,
including any other indemnification, contribution or advancement agreement, or any provision of the Companys Second Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association now or hereafter in effect, or for recovery under directors and officers
liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, Indemnitee shall be entitled to recover from the Company, and shall be indemnified
by the Company against, any and all expenses (of the kinds described in the definition of Expenses) actually and reasonably incurred by
him in such judicial adjudication, but only if he prevails therein. If it shall be determined in such judicial adjudication that Indemnitee
is entitled to receive less than all of the indemnification or advancement of expenses sought, the expenses incurred by Indemnitee in
connection with such judicial adjudication shall be appropriately prorated. In addition, the Company shall, if so requested by Indemnitee,
advance the foregoing expenses to Indemnitee, subject to and in accordance with Section 8.

6

12. Procedure Regarding Indemnification.

With respect to any Proceedings,
the Indemnitee, prior to taking any action with respect to such Proceeding, shall consult with the Company as to the procedure to be followed
in defending, settling, or compromising the Proceeding and may not consent to any settlement or compromise of the Proceeding without the
written consent of the Company (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). The Company shall be entitled to participate
in defending, settling or compromising any Proceeding and to assume the defense of such Proceeding with counsel of its choice and shall
assume such defense if requested by the Indemnitee. Notwithstanding the election by, or obligation of, the Company to assume the defense
of a Proceeding, the Indemnitee shall have the right to participate in the defense of such Proceeding and to employ counsel of Indemnitees
choice, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnitee unless (i) the employment of such counsel
has been authorized in writing by the Company, or (ii) the Indemnitee has reasonably concluded that there may be defenses available to
him which are different from or additional to those available to the Company (in which latter case the Company shall not have the right
to direct the defense of such Proceeding on behalf of the Indemnitee), in either of which events the fees and expenses of not more than
one additional firm of attorneys selected by the Indemnitee shall be borne by the Company. If the Company assumes the defense of a Proceeding,
then counsel for the Company and Indemnitee shall keep Indemnitee reasonably informed of the status of the Proceeding and promptly send
to Indemnitee copies of all documents filed or produced in the Proceeding, and the Company shall not compromise or settle any such Proceeding
without the written consent of the Indemnitee (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) if the relief provided shall
be other than monetary damages and shall promptly notify the Indemnitee of any settlement and the amount thereof.

13. Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights;
Insurance; Subrogation; Contribution.

13.1 The rights of indemnification
and to receive advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee
may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Companys Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association,
any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement
or any provision hereof shall be effective as to any Indemnitee with respect to any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his
Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law and the Companys
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification,
hold harmless or exoneration rights or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Companys Second Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association or this Agreement, then this Agreement (without any further action by the parties
hereto) shall automatically be deemed to be amended to require that the Company indemnifies the Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law and the Companys Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. No right or remedy herein
conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition
to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment
of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

13.2 To the extent that the
Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, employees, agents or fiduciaries
of the Company or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which such person
serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to
the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary under such policy or policies.
If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness,
deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such
Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance
with the terms of such policies.

7

13.3 In the event of any payment
under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who
shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are reasonably
necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.

13.4 The Company shall not
be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has
otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise.

13.5 If a determination is
made that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, after Indemnitee submits a written request therefor, under this Agreement, then
in respect of any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liability with the Indemnitee (or would
be if joined in such Proceeding), the Company shall contribute to the amount of Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement
by the Indemnitee in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and
the Indemnitee on the other hand from the transaction from which Proceeding arose, and (ii) the relative fault of the Company on the one
hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand in connection with the events that resulted in such Expenses, judgments, fines or amounts
paid in settlement, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the
Indemnitee on the other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the parties relative intent, knowledge, access
to information and opportunity to correct or prevent the circumstances resulting in such Expenses, judgments, fines or amounts paid in
settlement. The Company agrees that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section were determined by pro
rata allocation or any other method of allocation that does not take into account the foregoing equitable considerations. The determination
as to the amount of the contribution, if any, shall be made by: (i) a court of competent jurisdiction upon the application of both the
Indemnitee and the Company (if the Proceeding had been brought in, and final determination had been rendered by such court); (ii) the
Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors; or (iii) Independent Counsel, if a quorum is not obtainable
for purpose of (ii) above, or, even if obtainable, a quorum of Disinterested Directors so directs.

14. Duration of Agreement.

This Agreement shall continue
until and terminate upon the later of: (a) ten (10) years after the date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director and/or
officer of the Company, or (b) the final termination of all pending Proceedings in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification
or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines or amounts paid in settlement hereunder and or any proceeding commenced by Indemnitee
pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure
to the benefit of Indemnitee and his spouse, heirs, executors, personal representatives and administrators. The Company shall require
and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all, substantially all, or a
substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee,
expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to
perform if no such succession had taken place.

15. Severability.

If any provision or provisions
of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing
any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any
way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Companys
Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent
necessary to conform to applicable law and the Companys Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and
to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (b) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement
(including, without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal
or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested
by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable.

8

16. Entire Agreement.

This Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement between the Company and the Indemnitee with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements,
understanding, negotiations and discussion, both written and oral, between the parties hereto with respect to such subject matter (the
Prior Agreements); provided, however, that if this Agreement shall ever be held void or unenforceable for any reasons whatsoever,
and is not reformed pursuant to Section 15 hereof, then (i) this Agreement shall not be deemed to have superseded any Prior Agreements;
(ii) all of such Prior Agreements shall be deemed to be in full force and effect notwithstanding the execution of this Agreement; and
(iii) the Indemnitee shall be entitled to maximum indemnification benefits provided under any Prior Agreements, as well as those provided
under applicable law, the Companys Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, a vote of shareholders or
resolution of directors.

17. Exception to Right of Indemnification
or Advancement of Expenses.

17.1 Except as provided in
Section 11.5, Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts
paid in settlement under this Agreement with respect to any Proceeding, or any claim therein, brought or made by him against the Company.

17.2 Indemnitee shall not
be entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses under this Agreement with respect to any Proceeding, or any claim therein, arising
from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or Company similar successor
statute.

18. Covenant Not to Sue; Limitation of
Actions; Release of Claims.

No legal action shall be brought
and no cause of action shall be asserted by or on behalf of the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) against the Indemnitee, his spouse,
heirs, executors, personal representatives or administrators after the expiration of two (2) years from the date of accrual of such cause
of action and any claim or cause of action of the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) shall be extinguished and deemed released unless
asserted by the filing of a legal action within such two (2) year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitation
is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action, such shorter period shall govern.

19. Identical Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed
in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute
one and the same Agreement.

20. Headings.

The headings of the paragraphs
of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction
thereof.

21. Modification and Waiver.

No supplement, modification
or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions
of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such
waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

22. Notice by Indemnitee.

Indemnitee agrees promptly
to notify the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document
relating any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines or amounts
paid in settlement covered hereunder. The failure to notify the Company on a timely basis shall not constitute a waiver of Indemnitees
rights under this Agreement, except to the extent that such failure or delay (i) causes the amounts paid or to be paid by the Company
to be greater than they otherwise would have been, (ii) adversely affects the Companys ability to obtain for itself or Indemnitee
coverage or proceeds under any insurance policy available to the Company or Indemnitee, or (iii) otherwise results in prejudice to the
Company.

9

23. Notices.

All notices, requests, demands
and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (i) delivered by hand and receipted
for by the party to whom such notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with
postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

If to Indemnitee, to:

[ ]

[ ]

If to the Company, to:

Ribbon Acquisition Corp

Central Park Tower LaTour
Shinjuku Room 3001

6-15-1 Nishi Shinjuku, Shinjuku-ku
Tokyo 160-0023

Japan

or to such other address or such other person
as Indemnitee or the Company shall designate in writing in accordance with this Section, except that notices regarding changes in notices
shall be effective only upon receipt.

24. Governing Law.

The parties agree that this
Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts
made and performed in that state without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws. The Company and Indemnitee each hereby
irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the federal courts within the State for all purposes
in connection with any action or proceeding that arises out of or relates to this Agreement and agrees that any action instituted under
this Agreement shall be brought only in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and any New York State
court within that District.

25. Mutual Acknowledgment.

Both the Company and Indemnitee
acknowledge that, in certain instances, Federal law or applicable public policy may prohibit the Company from indemnifying its directors
and officers under this Agreement or otherwise. Indemnitee understands and acknowledges that the Company has undertaken or may be required
in the future in certain circumstances to undertake with the Securities and Exchange Commission to submit the question of indemnification
to a court for a determination of the Companys right under public policy to indemnify Indemnitee.

26. Waiver of Claims to Trust Account.

Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, Indemnitee hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim)
in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection with the Companys initial public offering for the benefit of
the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising
out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against such trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly,
Indemnitee acknowledges and agrees that any indemnification provided hereto will only be able to be satisfied by the Company if (i) the
Company has sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account to satisfy its obligations hereunder or (ii) the Company consummates a Business
Combination.

27. Miscellaneous.

Use of the masculine pronoun
shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate.

[Signature Page Follows]

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Agreement on the day and year first above written.

RIBBON ACQUISITION CORP 

By: /s/ Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Name: Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

INDEMNITEE 

By: /s/ Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Name: Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh 

Title: Chairperson of the Board of Directors and

Chief Executive
Office 

/s/
Zhiyang (Anna) Zhou 

Zhiyang (Anna) Zhou 

Chief Financial Officer 

/s/ James
Zhao-Hui Zhang 

James Zhao-Hui Zhang 

Director 

/s/ Kani Chen 

Kani Chen 

Director 

/s/ Jon
Nathan Miller 

Jon Nathan Miller 

Director
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ea022775001ex99-1_ribbon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED JANUARY 14, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Ribbon Acquisition Corp Prices $50 Million Initial Public Offering

New York, New York, Jan. 14, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Ribbon
Acquisition Corp, a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company (the Company), today announced
the pricing of its initial public offering (IPO) of 5,000,000 units at an offering price of $10.00 per unit, with each unit
consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right to receive one-seventh (1/7) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation
of an initial business combination. The units are expected to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market (Nasdaq) under the ticker
symbol RIBBU beginning January 15, 2025. The Company expects the IPO to close on or about January 16, 2025, subject to customary
closing conditions. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the Class A ordinary shares and the rights are expected
to be traded on Nasdaq under the symbols RIBB and RIBBR, respectively.

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners is acting as the sole book-running
manager for the offering. The Benchmark Company, LLC is acting as the co-manager for the offering.

The Company has granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase
up to 750,000 units at the initial public offering price to cover over-allotments, if any.

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP served as legal counsel to the Company
and Loeb & Loeb LLP served as legal counsel to A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners in the offering.

A registration statement on Form S-1 relating to the securities (File
No. 333-281806) was previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and was declared effective by the SEC
on January 14, 2025. This offering was made only by means of a prospectus forming part of the effective registration statement. Copies
of the prospectus may be obtained on the SECs website at http://www.sec.gov. Electronic copies of the prospectus may be obtained
from A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, 590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor, New York, NY 10022, or by telephone at (212) 624-2060, or by email
at prospectus@allianceg.com.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such
offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or
other jurisdiction.

About Ribbon Acquisition Corp

The Company is a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands
as an exempted company with limited liability for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. While the Company intends to
conduct a global search for target businesses without being limited by geographic region, certain executive officers and independent directors
are based in Hong Kong, and certain executive officers have experience investing in and building businesses in the Asia Pacific region
and have a deep understanding of the regions business environment, regulations, regulatory bodies and culture. The Company will
not undertake an initial business combination with any company being based in or having the majority of the companys operations
in Greater China. The Company is led by Mr. Angshuman (Bubai) Ghosh, the Companys Chief Executive Officer, and Ms. Zhiyang (Anna)
Zhou, the Companys Chief Financial Officer.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains statements that constitute forward-looking
statements, including with respect to the IPO and search for an initial business combination. No assurance can be given that the
offering discussed above will be completed on the terms described, or at all, or that the net proceeds of the offering will be used as
indicated. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous conditions, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, including
those set forth in the Risk Factors section of the Companys registration statement and preliminary prospectus for the IPO filed
with the SEC. Copies are available on the SECs website, www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these
statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release, except as required by law.

Contact:

Ribbon Acquisition Corp

Anna Zhou

Chief Financial Officer

Email: anna.zhou@ribbonacquisitioncorp.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ea022775001ex99-2_ribbon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED JANUARY 16, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.2

Ribbon
Acquisition Corp Announces Closing of $50 Million Initial Public Offering.

New
York, New York, Jan. 16, 2025 -- Ribbon Acquisition Corp (NASDAQ: RIBBU, the Company) today announced the closing of its
initial public offering (IPO) of 5,000,000 units at an offering price of $10.00 per unit. Each unit consists of one Class
A ordinary share and one right to receive one-seventh (1/7) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business
combination.

The
units are listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market (NASDAQ) and began trading under the ticker symbol RIBBU on
January 15, 2025. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the ordinary share and rights are expected to be listed
on NASDAQ under the symbols RIBB and RIBBR, respectively.

A.G.P./Alliance
Global Partners acted as sole book-running manager for the offering. The Benchmark Company, LLC acted as the co-manager for the offering.

The
Company has granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 750,000 units at the initial public offering price to cover over-allotments,
if any.

Sichenzia
Ross Ference Carmel LLP served as legal counsel to the Company and Loeb & Loeb LLP served as legal counsel to A.G.P./Alliance Global
Partners in the offering.

A
registration statement related to these securities was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
on January 14, 2025. The offering has been made only by means of a prospectus, copies of which may be obtained by contacting A.G.P./Alliance
Global Partners, 590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor, New York, NY 10022, or by telephone at (212) 624-2060, or by email at prospectus@allianceg.com.
Copies of the registration statement can be accessed through the SECs website at http://www.sec.gov.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About
Ribbon Acquisition Corp

The
Company is a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability for the purpose of
effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more businesses or entities. While the Company intends to conduct a global search for target businesses without being limited
by geographic region, certain executive officers and independent directors are based in Hong Kong, and certain executive officers have
experience investing in and building businesses in the Asia Pacific region and have a deep understanding of the regions business
environment, regulations, regulatory bodies and culture. The Company will not undertake an initial business combination with any company
being based in or having the majority of the companys operations in Greater China. The Company is led by Mr. Angshuman (Bubai)
Ghosh, the Companys Chief Executive Officer, and Ms. Zhiyang (Anna) Zhou, the Companys Chief Financial Officer.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements, including with respect to the IPO and search
for an initial business combination. No assurance can be given that the offering discussed above will be completed on the terms described,
or at all, or that the net proceeds of the offering will be used as indicated. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous conditions,
many of which are beyond the control of the Company, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of the Companys registration
statement and preliminary prospectus for the IPO filed with the SEC. Copies are available on the SECs website, www.sec.gov. The
Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release, except as required
by law.

Contact:

Ribbon
Acquisition Corp

Anna
Zhou

Chief
Financial Officer

Email:
anna.zhou@ribbonacquisitioncorp.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ribbu-20250114.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ribbu-20250114_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ribbu-20250114_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value per share, and one Right 

Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Rights, each entitling the holder to receive one-seventh (1/7) of one ordinary share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ribbu-20250114_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 14, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 14, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-42474

Entity Registrant Name RIBBON ACQUISITION CORP

Entity Central Index Key 0002035016

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One Central Park Tower LaTour Shinjuku Room 3001

Entity Address, Address Line Two 6-15-1 Nishi Shinjuku

Entity Address, City or Town Shinjuku-ku Tokyo

Entity Address, Country JP

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 160-0023

City Area Code +81

Local Phone Number 9085083462

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value per share, and one Right 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value per share, and one Right

Trading Symbol RIBBU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol RIBB

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Rights, each entitling the holder to receive one-seventh (1/7) of one ordinary share 

Title of 12(b) Security Rights, each entitling the holder to receive one-seventh (1/7) of one Class A ordinary share

Trading Symbol RIBBR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=RIBBU_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValuePerShareAndOneRightMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=RIBBU_OrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=RIBBU_RightsEachEntitlingHolderToReceiveOneseventh17OfOneOrdinaryShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
4 
25 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ribbonacq.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0227750-8k_ribbon.htm 
ribbu-20250114.xsd 
ribbu-20250114_def.xml 
ribbu-20250114_lab.xml 
ribbu-20250114_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-005031-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>ea0227750-8k_ribbon_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002035016 

2025-01-14 
2025-01-14 

0002035016 

RIBBU:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValuePerShareAndOneRightMember 

2025-01-14 
2025-01-14 

0002035016 

RIBBU:OrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-01-14 
2025-01-14 

0002035016 

RIBBU:RightsEachEntitlingHolderToReceiveOneseventh17OfOneOrdinaryShareMember 

2025-01-14 
2025-01-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0002035016 
00-0000000 
8-K 
2025-01-14 
RIBBON ACQUISITION CORP 
E9 
001-42474 
Central Park Tower LaTour Shinjuku Room 3001 
6-15-1 Nishi Shinjuku 
Shinjuku-ku Tokyo 
JP 
160-0023 
+81 
9085083462 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value per share, and one Right 
RIBBU 
NASDAQ 
Class A Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
RIBB 
NASDAQ 
Rights, each entitling the holder to receive one-seventh (1/7) of one Class A ordinary share 
RIBBR 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>