<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-011192.txt : 20250331
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-011192.hdr.sgml : 20250331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250331092247
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-011192
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTEVAC INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001001902
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SPECIAL INDUSTRY MACHINERY, NEC [3559]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				943125814
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26946
		FILM NUMBER:		25789274

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3560 BASSETT STREET
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4089869888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3560 BASSETT STREET
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95054
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ny20045465x5_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false12-310001001902NASDAQ00010019022025-03-312025-03-31

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of

The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

March 31, 2025

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported)

INTEVAC, INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

State of Delaware 

0-26946 

94-3125814

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification Number)

3560 Bassett Street

Santa Clara, CA95054

(Address of principal executive offices)

(408) 986-9888

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock ($0.001 par value) 

IVAC 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) Global Select

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this
chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note

As previously disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on February 13, 2025, Intevac,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated as of February 13, 2025, with Seagate Technology Holdings plc, an Irish public limited company (Parent), and Irvine
Acquisition Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Purchaser).

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, on March 3, 2025, Purchaser commenced a tender offer (the Offer) to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of
the common stock, par value $0.001 per share (Common Stock), of the Company in exchange for $4.00 per share, payable in cash at closing, without interest and subject to reduction for any applicable withholding of taxes (the Offer Consideration).

The Offer expired as scheduled one minute after 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time on March 28, 2025 (such date and time, the Expiration Time) and was not
extended. Computershare Trust Company, N.A., in its capacity as depositary and paying agent for the Offer (the Depositary and Paying Agent), has advised Purchaser that, as of the Expiration Time, 23,968,013 shares of Common Stock had been validly
tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer, which represent approximately 87.95% of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock tendered satisfied the condition to the Offer that there be
validly tendered and not validly withdrawn shares of Common Stock that, considered together with all other shares (if any) owned by Purchaser and its affiliates, including Parent, represent one more share than 50% of the total number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding at the time of the expiration of the Offer. On March 31, 2025, Purchaser accepted for payment all shares of Common Stock validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer.

In addition, the Company paid its regular quarterly dividend of $0.05 per share on March 13, 2025, to stockholders of record of the Company as of February
28, 2025. In connection with the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Company paid a one-time special dividend of $0.052 per share (the Special Dividend) on March 28, 2025, to stockholders of record of the Company
as of March 24, 2025.

Following the consummation of the Offer, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, in accordance with Section 251(h) of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL) and without a meeting or a vote of the Companys stockholders, on March 31, 2025, Purchaser was merged with and into the Company (the Merger), with the Company surviving such Merger as a wholly
owned subsidiary of Parent.

Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, as of the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), by virtue of the Merger and without any
action on the part of the holders thereof, each share of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than (i) shares of Common Stock that were owned by the Company or held in the treasury of the Company, (ii)
shares of Common Stock then held by Parent or Purchaser, and (iii) shares of Common Stock then held by any wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (other than Purchaser) or any wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) were converted automatically into and
thereafter represent only the right to receive the Offer Consideration.

In addition, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, compensatory options to purchase shares of Common Stock (each a Company Option)
received the following treatment:

each Company Option with an exercise price per share that was less than the amount of the Offer Consideration was cancelled in exchange for an amount in cash equal to
the product of (x) the total number of shares subject to such Company Option immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by (y) the excess of the amount of the Offer Consideration over the applicable exercise price per share of such
Company Option; and

each Company Option with an exercise price per share that was equal to or greater than the amount of the Offer Consideration and that was then outstanding and
unexercised, whether or not vested, was cancelled with no consideration payable in respect thereof.

In addition, at the Effective Time, each outstanding restricted stock unit of the Company that vests based solely on the continued performance of services
and not the achievement of performance metrics (each a Company RSU) vested in full and, whether or not vested, was cancelled and exchanged for the right to receive a cash payment equal to the product of (i) the total number of shares subject to
such Company RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by (ii) the Offer Consideration.

In connection with the Merger, restricted stock units of the Company that vest based on the continued performance of services and the achievement of
performance metrics (each a Company PRSU) received the following treatment:

immediately prior to the Effective Time, each Company PRSU granted in 2022 that was then outstanding was cancelled in exchange for an amount in cash equal to the
product of (x) 25% of the Number of RSUs Subject to Award listed in the applicable award agreement multiplied by (y) the Offer Consideration;

immediately prior to the Effective Time, each Company PRSU granted in 2025 that was then outstanding was cancelled in exchange for an amount in cash equal to the
product of (x) the Target RSUs listed in the applicable award agreement multiplied by (y) the Offer Consideration; and

prior to the Effective Time, each Company PRSU granted in 2023 and each Company PRSU granted in 2024 was cancelled with no consideration payable in respect thereof.

The foregoing description of the Offer, the Merger and the Merger Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, a copy of
which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on February 13, 2025 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets

As described in the Introductory Note above, on March 31, 2025, Purchaser irrevocably accepted for payment all shares of Common Stock validly tendered and
not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer on or prior to the Expiration Time. On March 31, 2025, the Merger was completed pursuant to Section 251(h) of the DGCL, with no vote of the Companys stockholders required. Upon the consummation of the
Merger, the Company became an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.

Item 3.01. Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing

On March 31, 2025, the Company notified The Nasdaq Global Select Market (Nasdaq) of the consummation of the Merger and requested that Nasdaq (i) halt
trading in the shares of Common Stock, (ii) suspend trading of and delist the shares of Common Stock and (iii) file with the SEC a notification of removal from listing and/or registration on Form 25 to effect the delisting of all shares of Common
Stock from Nasdaq and the deregistration of such shares of Common Stock under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). In addition, the Company intends to file a certification and notice of termination of
registration on Form 15 with the SEC requesting the termination of registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act and the suspension of the Companys reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act.

Item 3.03. Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and Items 2.01, 3.01, 5.01 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into
this Item 3.03.

Item 5.01. Changes in Control of Registrant

As a result of the completion of the Merger, a change in control of the Company occurred, and the Company became an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of
Parent. The Offer Consideration was funded through Parents cash on hand.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and Items 2.01 and 5.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item
5.01.

Item 5.02. Departure of Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain
Officers

The information set forth in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, (i) each of Kevin Barber, David S. Dury, Dorothy D. Hayes, Nigel Hunton, Michele F. Klein, Eiji
Miyanaga, and Ryan Vardeman resigned from his or her respective positions as a member of the Companys board of directors and all committees thereof, effective as of the Effective Time and (ii) James C. Lee, the sole director of the Purchaser
immediately prior to the Effective Time, became the sole director of the Company, in each case, as of the Effective Time. The director resignations were tendered in connection with the Merger and were not a result of any disagreement between the
Company and the directors on any matter relating to the Companys operations, policies or practices.

Effective immediately following completion of the Merger, all of the incumbent officers of the Company, as of immediately prior to the effectiveness of the
Merger, were removed as officers of the Company. Following the Effective Time, the officers of the Company are as follows: James C. Lee, President and Johnny Choi, Secretary.

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or By-laws; Change in Fiscal Year

Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time of the Merger, the Companys certificate of incorporation and by-laws were each
amended and restated in their entirety. Copies of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws are attached as Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 3.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and are
incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01.Exhibits

The following exhibits are filed herewith or incorporated herein by reference:

Exhibit No. 

Description

2.1* 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 13, 2025, by and among Seagate Technology Holdings plc, Irvine Acquisition Holdings, Inc., and
Intevac, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 13, 2025).

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Intevac, Inc., dated as of March 31, 2025.

3.2 

Amended and Restated By-Laws of Intevac, Inc., dated as of March 31, 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Schedules and exhibits omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K.
Intevac, Inc. will furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. Intevac, Inc. may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for any
schedules or exhibits so furnished.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 31, 2025

INTEVAC, INC.

By: /s/ James C. Lee 

Name: James C. Lee

Title: President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ny20045465x5_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

of

INTEVAC, INC.

ARTICLE I

The name of the corporation is Intevac, Inc. (the Corporation).

ARTICLE II

The address, including street, number, city, and county, of the registered office of the Corporation in the
State of Delaware is The Corporation Trust Company, 1209 Orange Street, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware 19801; and the name of the registered agent of the Corporation in the State of Delaware at such address is The
Corporation Trust Company.

ARTICLE III

The purpose of the Corporation shall be to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be
organized and incorporated under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

ARTICLE IV

Section 1.The Corporation shall be authorized to issue 1,000 shares of capital stock, all of which 1,000 shares shall be shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock).

Section 2.Except as otherwise provided by law, the Common Stock shall have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and for all other purposes. Each share of the Common Stock shall have one vote and the Common
Stock shall vote together as a single class.

ARTICLE V

Any one or more directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the vote or written consent of the holders
of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to be voted in the election of directors.

ARTICLE VI

In furtherance and not in limitation of those powers conferred by law, the board of directors of the
Corporation is expressly authorized and empowered to make, alter and repeal the by-laws of the Corporation (the By-Laws).

ARTICLE VII

Meetings of the stockholders shall be held at such place, within or without the State of Delaware as may be
designated by, or in the manner provided in, the By-Laws or, if not so designated, at the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware. Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless and to the extent that the By-Laws
so provide.

ARTICLE VIII

The Corporation reserves the right at any time from time to time to amend, alter, change or repeal any
provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, and any other provisions authorized by the laws of the State of Delaware at the time in force may be added or inserted, in the manner now or hereinafter prescribed by law, and all rights,
preferences and privileges of whatsoever nature conferred upon stockholders, directors or any other persons whomsoever by and pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation in its present form or as hereafter amended are granted subject to the right
reserved in this Article.

ARTICLE IX

A director or officer of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders
for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, as applicable, except to the extent such exemption from liability, or limitation thereof, is not permitted under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. If the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware is hereafter amended to authorize corporate action
further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors or officers, as applicable, then the liability of a director or officer, as applicable, shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as so amended.

Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article IX by the stockholders shall not
adversely affect any right or protection of a director or officer of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ny20045465x5_ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED

BY-LAWS

of

INTEVAC, INC.

dated as of March 31, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE I

OFFICES

SECTION 1. 

REGISTERED OFFICE

SECTION 2. 

OTHER OFFICES

ARTICLE
II

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

SECTION 1. 

ANNUAL MEETINGS

SECTION 2. 

SPECIAL MEETINGS

SECTION 3. 

VOTING

SECTION 4. 

QUORUM

SECTION 5. 

NOTICE OF MEETINGS

SECTION 6. 

ACTION WITHOUT MEETING

ARTICLE
III

DIRECTORS

SECTION 1. 

NUMBER AND TERM

SECTION 2. 

RESIGNATIONS

SECTION 3. 

VACANCIES

SECTION 4. 

REMOVAL

SECTION 5. 

COMMITTEES

SECTION 6. 

MEETINGS

SECTION 7. 

QUORUM

SECTION 8. 

COMPENSATION

SECTION 9. 

ACTION WITHOUT MEETING

ARTICLE
IV

OFFICERS

SECTION 1. 

OFFICERS

SECTION 2. 

MANAGING DIRECTOR

SECTION 3. 

VICE PRESIDENTS

SECTION 4. 

TREASURER

SECTION 5. 

SECRETARY

SECTION 6. 

ASSISTANT TREASURERS AND ASSISTANT SECRETARIES

i

ARTICLE V

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 1. 

CERTIFICATES OF STOCK

SECTION 2. 

LOST CERTIFICATES

SECTION 3. 

TRANSFER OF SHARES

SECTION 4. 

STOCKHOLDERS RECORD DATE

SECTION 5. 

DIVIDENDS

SECTION 6. 

FISCAL YEAR

SECTION 7. 

CHECKS

SECTION 8. 

NOTICE AND WAIVER OF NOTICE

SECTION 9. 

CORPORATE SEAL.

ARTICLE
VI

INDEMNIFICATION

SECTION 1. 

DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS.

SECTION 2. 

EMPLOYEES AND OTHER AGENTS.

SECTION 3. 

EXPENSES.

SECTION 4. 

ENFORCEMENT.

SECTION 5. 

NON-EXCLUSIVITY OF RIGHTS.

SECTION 6. 

SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS.

SECTION 7. 

INSURANCE.

SECTION 8. 

AMENDMENTS.

SECTION 9. 

SAVING CLAUSE.

SECTION 10.CERTAIN DEFINITIONS.

ARTICLE
VII

AMENDMENTS

ii

ARTICLE I

OFFICES

SECTION 1. REGISTERED OFFICE The address, including street, number, city, and county, of the registered office of Intevac, Inc. (the Corporation) in the State of Delaware is the Corporation Trust
Company, 1209 Orange Street, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware 19801; and the name of the registered agent of the corporation in the State of Delaware at such address is Corporation Trust Company.

SECTION 2. OTHER OFFICES The Corporation may have other offices, either within or
without the State of Delaware, at such place or places as the Board of Directors may from time to time select or the business of the Corporation may require.

ARTICLE II

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

SECTION 1. ANNUAL MEETINGS Annual meetings of stockholders for the election of
directors, and for such other business as may be stated in the notice of the meeting, shall be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, and at such time and date as the Board of Directors, by resolution, shall determine
and as set forth in the notice of the meeting. If the Board of Directors fails so to determine the time, date and place of meeting, the annual meeting of stockholders shall be held at the registered office of the Corporation on the first Tuesday
in May. If the date of the annual meeting shall fall upon a legal holiday, the meeting shall be held on the next succeeding business day. At each annual meeting, the stockholders entitled to vote shall elect a Board of Directors and they may
transact such other corporate business as shall be stated in the notice of the meeting.

SECTION 2. SPECIAL MEETINGS Special meetings of the stockholders for any purpose or
purposes may be called by the Chairman, the Managing Director or the Secretary, or by resolution of the Board of Directors.

SECTION 3. VOTING Each stockholder entitled to vote in accordance with the terms of
the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation and these By-Laws may vote in person or by proxy, but no proxy shall be voted after three years from its date unless such proxy provides for a longer period. All elections for directors shall
be decided by plurality vote; all other questions shall be decided by majority vote except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation or the laws of the State of Delaware.

A complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, with the address of each, and the number of shares held by each, shall be
open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which
place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be
inspected by any stockholder who is entitled to be present.

SECTION 4. QUORUM Except as otherwise required by law, by the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Corporation or by these By-Laws, the presence, in person or by proxy, of stockholders holding shares constituting a majority of the voting power of the Corporation shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the
stockholders. In case a quorum shall not be present at any meeting, a majority in interest of the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or by proxy, shall have the power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice
other than announcement at the meeting, until the requisite amount of stock entitled to vote shall be present. At any such adjourned meeting at which the requisite amount of stock entitled to vote shall be represented, any business may be
transacted that might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed; but only those stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting as originally noticed shall be entitled to vote at any adjournment or adjournments thereof.

SECTION 5. NOTICE OF MEETINGS Written notice, stating the place, date and time of the
meeting, and the general nature of the business to be considered, shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote thereat, at his or her address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, not less than ten nor more than sixty days
before the date of the meeting. No business other than that stated in the notice shall be transacted at any meeting without the unanimous consent of all the stockholders entitled to vote thereat.

SECTION 6. ACTION WITHOUT MEETING Unless otherwise provided by the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Corporation, any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the
action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present
and voted. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing.

ARTICLE III

DIRECTORS

SECTION 1. NUMBER AND TERM The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be
managed under the direction of a Board of Directors which shall consist of not less than one person. The exact number of directors shall initially be one and may thereafter be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors. Directors shall
be elected at the annual meeting of stockholders and each director shall be elected to serve until his or her successor shall be elected and shall qualify. A director need not be a stockholder.

SECTION 2. RESIGNATIONS Any director may resign at any time. Such resignation shall
be made in writing, and shall take effect at the time specified therein, and if no time be specified, at the time of its receipt by the Chairman, the Managing Director or the Secretary. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to
make it effective.

2

SECTION 3. VACANCIES If the office of any director becomes vacant, the remaining
directors in the office, though less than a quorum, by a majority vote, may appoint any qualified person to fill such vacancy, who shall hold office for the unexpired term and until his or her successor shall be duly chosen. If the office of any
director becomes vacant and there are no remaining directors, the stockholders, by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares constituting a majority of the voting power of the Corporation, at a special meeting called for such purpose, may
appoint any qualified person to fill such vacancy.

SECTION 4. REMOVAL Except as hereinafter provided, any director or directors may be
removed either for or without cause at any time by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power entitled to vote for the election of directors, at an annual meeting or a special meeting called for the purpose, and the
vacancy thus created may be filled, at such meeting, by the affirmative vote of holders of shares constituting a majority of the voting power of the Corporation.

SECTION 5. COMMITTEES The Board of Directors may, by resolution or resolutions passed
by a majority of the whole Board of Directors, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more directors of the Corporation.

Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors, or in these By-Laws, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the
Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation.

SECTION 6. MEETINGS The newly elected director(s) may hold their first meeting for the
purpose of organization and the transaction of business, if a quorum be present, immediately after the annual meeting of the stockholders; or the time and place of such meeting may be fixed by consent of all the Directors.

Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such places and times as shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors.

Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman or the Managing Director or by the Secretary on the written request of any director, on at least one
days notice to each director (except that notice to any director may be waived in writing by such director) and shall be held at such place or places as may be determined by the Board of Directors, or as shall be stated in the notice of the
meeting.

Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation or these By-Laws, members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated by the Board
of Directors, may participate in any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other,
and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.

3

SECTION 7. QUORUM A majority of the Directors shall constitute a quorum for the
transaction of business. If at any meeting of the Board of Directors there shall be less than a quorum present, a majority of those present may adjourn the meeting from time to time until a quorum is obtained, and no further notice thereof need
be given other than by announcement at the meeting which shall be so adjourned. The vote of the majority of the Directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors unless the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Corporation or these By-Laws shall require the vote of a greater number.

SECTION 8. COMPENSATION Directors shall not receive any stated salary for their
services as directors or as members of committees, but by resolution of the Board of Directors a fixed fee and expenses of attendance may be allowed for attendance at each meeting. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any
director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity as an officer, agent or otherwise, and receiving compensation therefor.

SECTION 9. ACTION WITHOUT MEETING Any action required or permitted to be taken at any
meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if a written consent thereto is signed by all members of the Board of Directors or of such committee, as the case may be, and such written consent is
filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or such committee.

ARTICLE IV

OFFICERS

SECTION 1. OFFICERS The officers of the Corporation shall be a Managing Director and a
Secretary, all of whom shall be elected by the Board of Directors and shall hold office until their successors are duly elected and qualified. In addition, the Board of Directors may elect a Treasurer and such Vice Presidents, Assistant
Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers as it may deem proper. The Board of Directors may appoint such other officers and agents as it may deem advisable, who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such
duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.

SECTION 2. MANAGING DIRECTOR The Managing Director shall be the Chief Operating
Officer of the Corporation. He or she shall have the general powers and duties of supervision and management usually vested in the office of President of a corporation.

SECTION 3. VICE PRESIDENTS Vice Presidents, if any, shall have such powers and shall
perform such duties as shall be assigned to them, respectively, by the Board of Directors.

4

SECTION 4. TREASURER The Treasurer, if any, shall be the Chief Financial Officer of
the Corporation. He or she shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate account of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation. He or she shall deposit all moneys and other
valuables in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositaries as may be designated by the Board of Directors. He or she shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, the Chairman or
the Managing Director, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements. He or she shall render to the Chairman, the Managing Director and Board of Directors at the regular meetings of the Board of Directors, or whenever they may request it, an
account of all his or her transactions as Treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation. If required by the Board of Directors, he or she shall give the Corporation a bond for the faithful discharge of his or her duties in such
amount and with such surety as the Board of Directors shall prescribe. If there is no Treasurer appointed by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, the duties of Treasurer shall be vested in the Managing Director.

SECTION 5. SECRETARY The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all
meetings of stockholders and of the Board of Directors and all other notices required by law or by these By-Laws, and in case of his or her absence or refusal or neglect so to do, any such notice may be given by any person thereunto directed by
the Chairman or the Managing Director, or by the Board of Directors, upon whose request the meeting is called as provided in these By-Laws. He or she shall record all the proceedings of the meetings of the Board of Directors, any committees
thereof and the stockholders of the Corporation in a book to be kept for that purpose, and shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors, the Chairman or the Managing Director.

SECTION 6. ASSISTANT TREASURERS AND ASSISTANT SECRETARIES Assistant Treasurers and
Assistant Secretaries, if any, shall be elected and shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to them, respectively, by the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE V

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 1. CERTIFICATES OF STOCK Each stockholder shall be entitled to a certificate
of stock certifying the number of shares owned by such stockholder in the Corporation. Certificates of stock of the Corporation shall be of such form and device as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. If authorized by the
Board of Directors, the Corporation may issue some or all of the shares of stock of the Corporation without certificates.

SECTION 2. LOST CERTIFICATES A new certificate of stock may be issued in the place of
any certificate theretofore issued by the Corporation, alleged to have been lost or destroyed, and the Board of Directors may, in its discretion, require the owner of the lost or destroyed certificate, or such owners legal representatives, to
give the Corporation a bond, in such sum as they may direct, not exceeding double the value of the stock, to indemnify the Corporation against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss of any such certificate, or the
issuance of any such new certificate.

5

SECTION 3. TRANSFER OF SHARES The shares of stock of the Corporation shall be
transferable only upon its books by the holders thereof in person or by their duly authorized attorneys or legal representatives, and upon such transfer the old certificates shall be surrendered to the Corporation by the delivery thereof to the
person in charge of the stock and transfer books and ledgers, or to such other person as the Board of Directors may designate, by whom they shall be cancelled, and new certificates shall thereupon be issued. A record shall be made of each
transfer and whenever a transfer shall be made for collateral security, and not absolutely, it shall be so expressed in the entry of the transfer.

SECTION 4. STOCKHOLDERS RECORD DATE In order that the Corporation may determine the
stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution
or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not
precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors and which record date: (1) in the case of determination of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders or adjournment
thereof, shall, unless otherwise required by law, not be more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting; (2) in the case of determination of stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a
meeting, shall not be more than ten days from the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors; and (3) in the case of any other action, shall not be more than sixty days prior to such other action. 
If no record date is fixed: (1) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if
notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held; (2) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting when no prior
action of the Board of Directors is required by law, shall be the first day on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation in accordance with applicable law, or, if prior
action by the Board of Directors is required by law, shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action; and (3) the record date for determining stockholders for any other
purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to
any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

SECTION 5. DIVIDENDS Dividends upon the capital stock of the Corporation shall in the
discretion of the Board of Directors from time to time be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor after setting aside of proper reserves.

SECTION 6. FISCAL YEAR The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be determined by
resolution of the Board of Directors.

SECTION 7. CHECKS All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money, notes
or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers, or agent or agents, of the Corporation, and in such manner as shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board
of Directors.

6

SECTION 8. NOTICE AND WAIVER OF NOTICE Whenever any notice is required to be given
under these By-Laws, personal notice is not required unless expressly so stated, and any notice so required shall be deemed to be sufficient if given by depositing the same in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the person
entitled thereto at his or her address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, and such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the day of such mailing. Stockholders not entitled to vote shall not be entitled to receive notice of
any meetings except as otherwise provided by law. Whenever any notice is required to be given under the provisions of any law, or under the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation or of these By-Laws, a waiver thereof,
in writing and signed by the person or persons entitled to said notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to such required notice.

SECTION 9. CORPORATE SEAL. The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of
the Corporation and the words Corporate Seal, Delaware.

ARTICLE VI

INDEMNIFICATION

SECTION 1. DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS. The Corporation shall indemnify its directors and
officers to the extent not prohibited by the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL) or any other applicable law; provided, however, that the Corporation may modify the extent of such indemnification by individual contracts with its
directors and officers; and, provided, further, that the Corporation shall not be required to indemnify any director or officer in connection with any proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless (i) such indemnification is
expressly required to be made by law, (ii) the proceeding was authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, (iii) such indemnification is provided by the Corporation, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the
Corporation under the DGCL or any other applicable law or (iv) such indemnification is required to be made under Section 4 of this Article VI.

SECTION 2. EMPLOYEES AND OTHER AGENTS. The Corporation shall have power to indemnify
its employees and other agents as set forth in the DGCL or any other applicable law. The Board of Directors shall have the power to delegate the determination of whether indemnification shall be given to any such person to such officers or other
persons as the Board of Directors shall determine.

SECTION 3. EXPENSES. The Corporation shall advance to any person who was or is a party
or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer, of the Corporation,
or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of another Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, prior to the final disposition of the proceeding, promptly following request therefor,
all expenses incurred by any director or officer in connection with such proceeding provided, however, that if the DGCL requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by a director or officer in his or her capacity as a director or officer (and
not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking (hereinafter an
undertaking), by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter a final adjudication) that such
indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this section or otherwise.

7

Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise determined pursuant to Section 5 of this Article VI, no advance shall be made by the Corporation to an officer of the
Corporation (except by reason of the fact that such officer is or was a director of the Corporation in which event this paragraph shall not apply) in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, if a
determination is reasonably and promptly made (i) by a majority vote of directors who were not parties to the proceeding, even if not a quorum, or (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by a majority vote of such directors, even though
less than a quorum, or (iii) if there are no such directors, or such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, that the facts known to the decision-making party at the time such determination is made demonstrate
clearly and convincingly that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation.

SECTION 4. ENFORCEMENT. Without the necessity of entering into an express contract,
all rights to indemnification and advances to directors and officers under this Bylaw shall be deemed to be contractual rights and be effective to the same extent and as if provided for in a contract between the Corporation and the director or
officer. Any right to indemnification or advances granted by this section to a director or officer shall be enforceable by or on behalf of the person holding such right in any court of competent jurisdiction if (i) the claim for indemnification
or advances is denied, in whole or in part, or (ii) no disposition of such claim is made within ninety (90) days of request therefor. To the extent permitted by law, the claimant in such enforcement action, if successful in whole or in part,
shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting the claim. In connection with any claim for indemnification, the Corporation shall be entitled to raise as a defense to any such action that the claimant has not met the standards of
conduct that make it permissible under the DGCL or any other applicable law for the Corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed. In connection with any claim by an officer of the Corporation (except in any action, suit or
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that such officer is or was a director of the Corporation) for advances, the Corporation shall be entitled to raise a defense as to any such action clear
and convincing evidence that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, or with respect to any criminal action or proceeding that such person
acted without reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was lawful. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement
of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the circumstances because the officer or director has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL or any other applicable law, nor an actual determination by the
Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that claimant has not met
the applicable standard of conduct. In any suit brought by a director or officer to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, the burden of proving that the director or officer is not entitled to be
indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this section or otherwise shall be on the Corporation.

8

SECTION 5. NON-EXCLUSIVITY OF RIGHTS. The rights conferred on any person by this Bylaw
shall not be exclusive of any other right which such person may have or hereafter acquire under any applicable statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or
otherwise, both as to action in such person's official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding office. The Corporation is specifically authorized to enter into individual contracts with any or all of its directors, officers,
employees or agents respecting indemnification and advances, to the fullest extent not prohibited by the DGCL, or by any other applicable law.

SECTION 6. SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS. The rights conferred on any person by this Bylaw shall
continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or other agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.

SECTION 7. INSURANCE. To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL or any other
applicable law, the Corporation, upon approval by the Board of Directors, may purchase insurance on behalf of any person required or permitted to be indemnified pursuant to this section.

SECTION 8. AMENDMENTS. Any repeal or modification of this section shall only be
prospective and shall not affect the rights under this Bylaw in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that is the cause of any proceeding against any agent of the Corporation.

SECTION 9. SAVING CLAUSE. If this Bylaw or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on
any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each director and officer to the full extent not prohibited by any applicable portion of this section that shall not have been invalidated, or by
any other applicable law. If this section shall be invalid due to the application of the indemnification provisions of another jurisdiction, then the Corporation shall indemnify each director and officer to the full extent under any other
applicable law.

SECTION 10. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. For the purposes of this Bylaw, the following
definitions shall apply:

9

(a)The term proceeding shall be broadly construed and shall include, without
limitation, the investigation, preparation, prosecution, defense, settlement, arbitration and appeal of, and the giving of testimony in, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative.

(b)The term expenses shall be broadly construed and shall include, without
limitation, court costs, attorneys' fees, witness fees, fines, amounts paid in settlement or judgment and any other costs and expenses of any nature or kind incurred in connection with any proceeding.

(c)The term the Corporation shall include, in addition to the resulting
Corporation, any constituent Corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers,
and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of
another Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this section with respect to the resulting or surviving Corporation as he would have with respect to such
constituent Corporation if its separate existence had continued.

(d)References to a director, officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation
shall include, without limitation, situations where such person is serving at the request of the Corporation as, respectively, a director, officer, employee, trustee or agent of another Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise.

(e)References to other enterprises shall include employee benefit plans;
references to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to serving at the request of the Corporation shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent
of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner
such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation as referred to in this
section.

ARTICLE VII

AMENDMENTS

These By-Laws may be altered, amended or repealed at any annual meeting of the stockholders (or at any special meeting thereof if notice of such proposed
alteration, amendment or repeal to be considered is contained in the notice of such special meeting) by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares constituting a majority of the voting power of the Corporation. Except as otherwise provided in
the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, the Board of Directors may by majority vote of those present at any meeting at which a quorum is present alter, amend or repeal these By-Laws, or enact such other By-Laws as in their judgment
may be advisable for the regulation and conduct of the affairs of the Corporation.

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ivac-20250331.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ivac-20250331_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ivac-20250331_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 31, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 31, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 0-26946

Entity Registrant Name INTEVAC, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001001902

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 94-3125814

Entity Address, Address Line One 3560 Bassett Street

Entity Address, City or Town Santa Clara

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 95054

City Area Code 408

Local Phone Number 986-9888

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock ($0.001 par value)

Trading Symbol IVAC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://intevac.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ivac-20250331.xsd 
ivac-20250331_lab.xml 
ivac-20250331_pre.xml 
ny20045465x5_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-011192-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ny20045465x5_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001001902 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

false 
--12-31 
0001001902 
NASDAQ 
8-K 
2025-03-31 
INTEVAC, INC. 
DE 
0-26946 
94-3125814 
3560 Bassett Street 
Santa Clara 
CA 
95054 
408 
986-9888 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock ($0.001 par value) 
IVAC 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>