<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-050411.txt : 20250310
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-050411.hdr.sgml : 20250310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250310080329
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-050411
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250310
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MICROSTRATEGY Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001050446
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		IRS NUMBER:				510323571
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42509
		FILM NUMBER:		25722207

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1850 TOWERS CRESCENT PLAZA
		CITY:			TYSONS CORNER
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22182
		BUSINESS PHONE:		703-848-8600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1850 TOWERS CRESCENT PLAZA
		CITY:			TYSONS CORNER
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22182

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MICROSTRATEGY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19971126
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d872184d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

MICROSTRATEGY Incfalse000105044600010504462025-03-102025-03-100001050446us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-03-102025-03-100001050446us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember2025-03-102025-03-10

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 10, 2025

MICROSTRATEGY INCORPORATED

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-42509 51-0323571

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

1850 Towers Crescent Plaza

Tysons Corner, Virginia 22182

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (703)848-8600

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of Each Exchange

on which Registered

Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share MSTR The Nasdaq Global Select Market

8.00% Series A Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share STRK The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On March 10, 2025, MicroStrategy Incorporated d/b/a Strategy (Strategy) entered into a Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement) with TD Securities (USA) LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., The Benchmark Company, LLC, BTIG, LLC, Canaccord Genuity LLC, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Santander US Capital Markets LLC and SG Americas Securities, LLC, as sales agents (each an Agent and collectively the Agents), pursuant to which Strategy may issue and sell shares of its 8.00% series A perpetual strike preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share (the perpetual strike preferred stock), having an aggregate offering price of up to $21.0 billion (the Shares), from time to time through the Agents (the Offering). Shares of the perpetual strike preferred stock are convertible by the holders into shares of Strategys class A common stock. Also, on March 10, 2025, Strategy filed a prospectus supplement with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Offering (the Prospectus Supplement) under its existing automatic shelf registration statement, which became effective on January 27, 2025 (File No. 333-284510) (the Registration Statement), and the base prospectus contained therein. 

Upon delivery of a placement notice, and subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, the Agents may sell the Shares by any method that is deemed an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or any other method permitted by law, which may include negotiated transactions or block trades. Strategy may sell the Shares through the Agents in amounts and at times to be determined by Strategy from time to time subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement. Strategy is not obligated to sell, and the Agent is not obligated to buy or sell, any of the Shares in the Offering. No assurance can be given that Strategy will sell any Shares under the Sales Agreement, or, if it does, as to the price or amount of Shares that it sells or the dates when such sales will take place. Strategy will only sell Shares through one Agent on any single day. Sales pursuant to the Sales Agreement may be made through an affiliate of an Agent. 

Strategy or the Agents may suspend or terminate the Offering upon notice to the other parties and subject to other conditions. Each Agent will act as sales agent on a commercially reasonable efforts basis consistent with its normal trading and sales practices. 

Strategy has agreed to pay the Agents commissions for their respective services in acting as agents in the sale of the Shares in the amount of up to 2.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds it receives from each sale of its Shares pursuant to the Sales Agreement. Strategy has also agreed to provide the Agents with customary indemnification and contribution rights. 

A copy of the Sales Agreement is attached as Exhibit 1.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the material terms of the Sales Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibit. 

Latham & Watkins LLP, counsel to Strategy, has issued a legal opinion relating to the Shares. A copy of such legal opinion, including the consent included therein, is attached as Exhibit 5.1 hereto. 

The Shares are registered pursuant to the Registration Statement and the base prospectus contained therein, and offerings for the Shares will be made only by means of the Prospectus Supplement. This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, the securities mentioned herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events. 

Common Stock ATM and BTC Update 

On March 10, 2025, Strategy announced that, during the period between March 3, 2025 and March 9, 2025, Strategy did not sell any shares of class A common stock under its at-the-market equity offering program, and did not purchase any bitcoin. 

As of March 9, 2025, Strategy, together with its subsidiaries, held an aggregate of approximately 499,096 bitcoins, which were acquired at an aggregate purchase price of approximately $33.1 billion and an average purchase price of approximately $66,357 per bitcoin, inclusive of fees and expenses. 

Preferred Stock ATM 

On March 10, 2025, Strategy issued a press release relating to the Offering. A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference. 

Neither this Current Report on Form 8-K nor the press release attached hereto constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. 

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

Strategy Dashboard 

Strategy also maintains a dashboard on its website (www.strategy.com) as a disclosure channel for providing broad, non-exclusionary distribution of information regarding Strategy to the public, including information regarding market prices of its outstanding securities, bitcoin purchases and holdings, certain KPI metrics and other supplemental information, and as one means of disclosing non-public information in compliance with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Investors and others are encouraged to regularly review the information that Strategy makes public via the website dashboard. 

Furnished Information 

The information disclosed pursuant to Item 7.01 in this Current Report on Form 8-K shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K and the exhibits attached hereto about future expectations, plans, and prospects, as well as any other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements relating to the at-the-market offering of the perpetual strike preferred stock. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, target, will, would, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including the uncertainties related to the sales made pursuant to the offering program, if any, market conditions and the other factors discussed in the Risk Factors section of Strategys Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 18, 2025 and the risks described in other filings that Strategy may make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K speak only as of the date hereof, and Strategy specifically disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. Description

1.1 Sales Agreement, dated as of March 10, 2025, by and among Strategy and TD Securities (USA) LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., The Benchmark Company, LLC, BTIG, LLC, Canaccord Genuity LLC, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Santander US Capital Markets LLC and SG Americas Securities, LLC

5.1 Opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP 

23.1 Consent of Latham & Watkins LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1) 

99.1 Press Release of Strategy, dated March 10, 2025 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 10, 2025 MicroStrategy Incorporated

(Registrant)

By: 

/s/ W. Ming Shao

Name: W. Ming Shao

Title: Executive Vice President & General Counsel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d872184dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

STRATEGY 

SALES
AGREEMENT 

March 10, 2025 

TD
SECURITIES (USA) LLC 

1 Vanderbilt Avenue 

New York, New York
10017 

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC. 

745 Seventh Avenue 

New York, New York 10019 

THE BENCHMARK COMPANY, LLC 

150 East 58th Street, 17th Floor 

New York, New York 10155 

BTIG, LLC 

65 East 55th Street 

New York, New York 10022 

CANACCORD GENUITY LLC 

1 Post Office Square, Suite 3000 

Boston, Massachusetts 02109

CANTOR FITZGERALD & CO. 

110 East 59th Street, 6th Floor 

New York, New York 10022 

COMPASS POINT RESEARCH & TRADING, LLC 

1055 Thomas
Jefferson Street NW 

Suite 303 

Washington, DC 20007 

H.C. WAINWRIGHT & CO., LLC 

430 Park Avenue, 3rd Floor

New York, New York 10022 

KEEFE, BRUYETTE & WOODS,
INC. 

787 Seventh Ave., 4th Floor 

New York, New York 10019

MIZUHO SECURITIES USA LLC 

1271 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, New York 10020 

SANTANDER US CAPITAL MARKETS LLC 

437 Madison Avenue 

New York, NY 10022 

SG AMERICAS SECURITIES, LLC 

245 Park Avenue 

New York, New York 10167 

2 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

MicroStrategy Incorporated d/b/a Strategy, a Delaware corporation (the Company), proposes, subject to the terms and conditions stated
herein, to issue and sell from time to time through TD Securities (USA) LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., The Benchmark Company, LLC, BTIG, LLC, Canaccord Genuity LLC, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, H.C.
Wainwright & Co., LLC, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Santander US Capital Markets LLC and SG Americas Securities, LLC as sales agents and/or principals (each an Agent and collectively
the Agents), shares of the Companys 8.00% Series A Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share, with a liquidation preference of $100 per share (the Preferred Shares), having an aggregate
offering price of up to $21,000,000,000, on the terms set forth in this agreement (this Agreement). Each Share (as defined below) will be convertible into shares of class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company
(the Conversion Shares), at an initial conversion rate of 1/10th of a Conversion Share per Share. 

Section 1. Definitions

(a) Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the
following respective meanings: 

Agency Period means the period commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on
the earliest to occur of (x) the date on which the Agents shall have placed the Maximum Program Amount pursuant to this Agreement, (y) the first date on which the closing price of Preferred Shares on the Principal Market exceeds the
difference between the Maximum Offering Proceeds and the Aggregate Sales Proceeds and (z) the date this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 7. 

Aggregate Sales Proceeds means the aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of Preferred Shares placed by the Designated
Agent pursuant to this Agreement. For purposes of this definition, (i) the amount shall be calculated at the close of the Principal Market on each Trading Day and (ii) proceeds from sales of sales of Preferred Shares shall only be included
in the calculation following their issuance on the applicable Settlement Date. 

Commission means the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission. 

Designated Agent has the meaning set forth in Section 3(a). 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission
thereunder. 

Floor Price means the minimum price set by the Company in the Issuance Notice below which the Designated
Agent shall not sell Shares during the applicable period set forth in the Issuance Notice, which may be adjusted by the Company at any time during the period set forth in the Issuance Notice by delivering written notice of such change to the
Designated Agent and which in no event shall be less than $1.00 without the prior written consent of the Designated Agent, which may be withheld in the Designated Agents sole discretion. 

3 

Issuance Amount means the aggregate Sales Price of the Shares to be sold
by the Designated Agent pursuant to any Issuance Notice. 

Issuance Notice means a written notice delivered to the
Designated Agent by the Company in accordance with this Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A that is executed by its Chief Executive Officer, President or Chief Financial Officer. 

Issuance Notice Date means any Trading Day during the Agency Period that an Issuance Notice is delivered pursuant to
Section 3(b)(i). 

Issuance Price means the Sales Price less the Selling Commission. 

Maximum Offering Proceeds means $21,000,000,000. 

Maximum Program Amount means Preferred Shares with an aggregate Sales Price of the lesser of (a) $21,000,000,000, (b) the
number or dollar amount of Preferred Shares the issuance and sale of which is registered under the effective Registration Statement (defined below) pursuant to which the offering is being made, (c) the number of authorized but unissued
Preferred Shares (less Preferred Shares issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange of any outstanding securities of the Company or otherwise reserved from the Companys authorized capital stock), (d) the number or dollar amount of Preferred
Shares permitted to be sold under Form S-3 (including General Instruction I.B.6 thereof, if applicable), or (e) the number or dollar amount of Preferred Shares for which the Company has filed a Prospectus
(defined below). 

Person means an individual or a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust,
incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, joint stock company, governmental authority or other entity of any kind. 

Principal Market means the Nasdaq Global Select Market or such other national securities exchange on which the Preferred
Shares, including any Shares, are then listed. 

Sales Price means the actual sale execution price of each Share placed
by the Designated Agent pursuant to this Agreement. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. 

Selling Commission means up to two percent (2.0%) of the gross
proceeds of Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement, or as otherwise agreed between the Company and the Designated Agent with respect to any Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement. 

4 

Settlement Date means the first business day following each Trading Day
during the period set forth in the Issuance Notice on which Shares are sold pursuant to this Agreement, when the Company shall deliver to the Designated Agent the amount of Shares sold on such Trading Day and the Designated Agent shall deliver to
the Company the Issuance Price received on such sales. 

Shares shall mean the Companys Preferred Shares issued or
issuable pursuant to this Agreement. 

Trading Day means any day on which the Principal Market is open for trading. 

Section 2. Representations And Warranties Of The Company 

The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Agents that as of (1) the date of this Agreement, (2) each Issuance
Notice Date, (3) each Settlement Date, (4) each Triggering Event Date (as defined below) with respect to which the Company is required to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 4(p) and (5) as of each Time of Sale (as defined
below) (each of the times referenced above is referred to herein as a Representation Date), except as may be disclosed in the Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference therein and any supplements thereto) on or
before a Representation Date: 

(a) Registration Statement. The Company has prepared and filed with the Commission an
automatic shelf registration statement, as defined under Rule 405 of the Securities Act, on Form S-3ASR that contains a base prospectus and a prospectus relating to the Preferred Shares and the
Conversion Shares to be issued from time to time by the Company. Such registration statement registers the issuance and sale by the Company of the Shares and the Conversion Shares under the Securities Act. The Company may file one or more additional
registration statements from time to time that will contain a base prospectus and related prospectus or prospectus supplement, if applicable, with respect to the Shares and the Conversion Shares. Except where the context otherwise requires, such
registration statement(s), including any information deemed to be a part thereof pursuant to Rule 430B under the Securities Act, including all financial statements, exhibits and schedules thereto and all documents incorporated or deemed to be
incorporated therein by reference pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3ASR under the Securities Act as from time to time amended or supplemented, and including any information contained in a Prospectus (as defined
below) subsequently filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act or deemed to be part of such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430B under the Securities Act, is herein referred to as the Registration
Statement, and the prospectus constituting a part of such registration statement(s), together with any prospectus supplement filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act relating to a particular issuance of
the Shares, including all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act, in each case, as from time to time amended or
supplemented, is referred to herein as the Prospectus, except that if any revised prospectus is provided to the Agents by the Company for use in connection with the offering of the Shares that is not required to be filed by the
Company pursuant to Rule 

5 

424(b) under the Securities Act, the term Prospectus shall refer to such revised prospectus from and after the time it is first provided to the Agents for such use. The
Registration Statement at the time it originally became effective is herein called the Original Registration Statement. As used in this Agreement, the terms amendment or supplement when
applied to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus shall be deemed to include the filing by the Company with the Commission of any document under the Exchange Act after the date hereof that is or is deemed to be incorporated therein by
reference. 

All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is contained,
included, stated or part of in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other
information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in or otherwise deemed under the Securities Act to be a part of or included in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, as of any specified date; and all
references in this Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus shall be deemed to mean and include, without limitation, the filing of any document under the Exchange Act which is or is deemed to be
incorporated by reference in or otherwise deemed under the Securities Act to be a part of or included in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, as of any specified date. The Companys obligations under this Agreement
to furnish, provide, deliver or make available (and all other similar references) copies of any report or statement shall be deemed satisfied if the same is filed with the Commission through its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval
system (EDGAR). 

At the time the Original Registration Statement became effective and at the time the Companys
most recent annual report on Form 10-K was filed with the Commission, if later, the Company was, or will be, a well known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act. The
Original Registration Statement is an automatic shelf registration statement, as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act, and became effective upon filing. The Company has not received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule
401(g)(2) under the Securities Act objecting to the Companys use of the automatic shelf registration form. The Company meets the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. During the
Agency Period, each time the Company files an annual report on Form 10-K the Company will meet the then-applicable requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities
Act. 

(b) Compliance with Registration Requirements. The Original Registration Statement has become effective under the Securities
Act. The Company has complied to the Commissions satisfaction with all requests of the Commission for additional or supplemental information with respect to the Original Registration Statement. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement is in effect and no proceedings for such purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, are contemplated or threatened by the Commission. 

6 

The Prospectus when filed complied or will comply in all material respects with the
Securities Act and, if filed with the Commission through EDGAR (except as may be permitted by Regulation S-T under the Securities Act), was identical to the copy thereof delivered to the Agents for use in
connection with the issuance and sale of the Shares. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became or becomes effective and at each Representation Date, complied and will comply in all material
respects with the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. As of the date of
this Agreement, the Prospectus and any Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below) considered together (collectively, the Time of Sale Information) did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, as of its date and at each Representation Date, did not and will not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The representations and warranties set forth in the
three immediately preceding sentences do not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, or the Prospectus, or any amendments or supplements thereto, made in reliance upon and in
conformity with information relating to an Agent furnished to the Company in writing by such Agent expressly for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by the Agents to the Company consists of the
information described in Section 6 below. There are no contracts or other documents required to be described in the Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement which have not been described or filed as required. The
Registration Statement and the offer and sale of the Shares as contemplated hereby meet the requirements of Rule 415 under the Securities Act and comply in all material respects with said rule. 

(c) Ineligible Issuer Status. The Company is not an ineligible issuer in connection with the offering of the Shares
pursuant to Rules 164, 405 and 433 under the Securities Act. Any Free Writing Prospectus that the Company is required to file pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act has been, or will be, filed with the Commission in accordance with the
requirements of the Securities Act. Each Free Writing Prospectus that the Company has filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act or that was prepared by or on behalf of or used or referred to by the Company
complies or will comply in all material respects with the requirements of Rule 433 under the Securities Act including timely filing with the Commission or retention where required and legending, and each such Free Writing Prospectus, as of its issue
date and at each Time of Sale through the completion of the issuance and sale of the Shares did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts with or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus, including any document incorporated by reference therein. Except for the Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, and electronic road shows, if any, furnished to you before first use, the Company has not prepared, used or
referred to, and will not, without your prior consent, prepare, use or refer to, any Free Writing Prospectus. 

7 

(d) Incorporated Documents. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, at the time they were filed with the Commission, complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act, as applicable, and, when read together with the other
information in the Prospectus, do not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. 

(e) Exchange Act Compliance. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the
Prospectus, at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, and any Free Writing Prospectus or amendment or supplement thereto complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act, and, when
read together with the other information in the Prospectus, at the time the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto become effective and at each Time of Sale, as the case may be, will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(f) Statistical and Market-Related Data. The statistical, industry-related and market-related data included or incorporated by
reference in each of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources which the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate and such data is consistent with the sources from which they
are derived, in each case in all material respects. 

(g) Disclosure Controls and Procedures; Deficiencies in or Changes to Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting. The Company and its subsidiaries maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) that has been
designed to comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act and that has been designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms, including controls and procedures designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management as appropriate to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, and such disclosure controls and procedures are reasonably effective to perform the functions for which they were established subject to the limitations of any such control system. 

(h) This Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

(i) Authorization of the Shares. The Shares have been duly authorized for issuance and sale pursuant to this Agreement and, when issued
and delivered by the Company against payment therefor pursuant to this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and will have the rights set forth in the Certificate of Designations, and the issuance and sale of the Shares is
not subject to any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights to subscribe for or purchase the Shares. 

8 

(j) Certificate of Designations. The execution and filing of the Certificate of
Designations has been duly authorized and executed by the Company and the Certificate of Designations has been filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 

(k) The Conversion Shares. The Conversion Shares initially issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares have been duly authorized
and reserved and, when issued upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Shares in accordance with the terms of thereof, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and the issuance of the
Conversion Shares will not be subject to any preemptive or similar rights. 

(l) No Applicable Registration or Other Similar Rights.
There are no persons with registration or other similar rights to have any equity or debt securities registered for sale under the Registration Statement or included in the offering contemplated by this Agreement, except for such rights as have been
duly waived. 

(m) No Material Adverse Change. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus,
subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus: (i) there has been no material adverse change, or any development that would reasonably be expected to result in a material
adverse change, in (A) the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business, properties, operations, operating results, assets, liabilities or prospects, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of
business, of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity or (B) the ability of the Company to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or perform its obligations hereunder (any such change being referred to
herein as a Material Adverse Change); (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity, have not incurred any material liability or obligation, indirect, direct or contingent, including without limitation any losses
or interference with their business from fire, explosion, flood, earthquakes, accident or other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance, or from any strike, labor dispute or court or governmental action, order or decree, that are material,
individually or in the aggregate, to the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity, and have not entered into any transactions or agreements that are material to the Company not in the ordinary course of business; and (iii) there
has not been any material decrease in the capital stock of the Company or its subsidiaries or any material increase in any short-term or long-term indebtedness of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity, and there has been no
dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made by the Company or, except for dividends paid to the Company or other subsidiaries, by any of the Companys subsidiaries on any class of capital stock, or any repurchase or redemption
by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any class of capital stock. 

9 

(n) Independent Accountants. KPMG LLP, which has expressed its opinion with respect
to the financial statements (which term as used in this Agreement includes the related notes thereto) filed with the Commission as a part of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, is (i) an independent registered public accounting firm
as required by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, and the rules of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB), (ii) in compliance with the applicable requirements relating to the qualification of accountants under
Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act and (iii) a registered public accounting firm as defined by the PCAOB whose registration has not been suspended
or revoked and who has not requested such registration to be withdrawn. 

(o) Financial Statements. The financial statements,
together with the related schedules and notes, filed with the Commission as a part of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus present fairly the consolidated financial position of the Company and its subsidiaries as of the dates shown and its
results of operations and cash flows for the periods shown, and such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (U.S. GAAP) applied on a consistent
basis throughout the periods covered thereby, except for any normal year-end adjustments in the Companys quarterly financial statements. The other financial information included or incorporated by
reference in the Prospectus has been derived from the accounting records of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries and presents fairly in all material respects the information shown thereby. 

(p) Companys Accounting System. The Company and each of its subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls
sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (iv) the recorded accountability for assets
is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences; and (v) the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and is prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. Since the end of the Companys most
recent audited fiscal year, there has been (i) no material weakness in the Companys internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated) and (ii) no change in the Companys internal control over financial
reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. 

(q) Incorporation and Good Standing of the Company. The Company has been duly incorporated, is validly existing as a corporation in
good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, has the corporate power and authority to own or lease its property and to conduct its business as described in each of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and is duly
qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in
good standing would not, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change for the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

10 

(r) Subsidiaries. Each subsidiary of the Company has been duly incorporated,
organized or formed, as applicable, is validly existing as a corporation or other business entity in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, organization or formation, has the corporate or other business entity power
and authority to own or lease its property and to conduct its business as described in each of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the conduct
of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change for the
Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; all of the issued shares of capital stock or other equity interests of each subsidiary of the Company have been duly and validly authorized and issued, are fully paid and
non-assessable (to the extent that such status is applicable and exists under the laws of the jurisdiction in which such entity is organized) and are owned directly or indirectly by the Company, free and clear
of all liens, encumbrances, equities or claims. 

(s) Capitalization and Other Capital Stock Matters. The authorized, issued and
outstanding capital stock of the Company is as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as of the dates referred to therein. The Preferred Shares (including the Shares), the Conversion Shares, and the Certificate of Designations
relating to the Preferred Shares designating the 8.00% Series A Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock and establishing the rights, preferences and entitlements thereof (the Certificate of Designations), in each case conform
as to legal matters to the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. All of the issued and outstanding shares of class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (the Common
Stock) and issued and outstanding Preferred Shares have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws. None of the outstanding shares
of Common Stock nor Preferred Shares were issued in violation of any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities of the Company. There are no authorized or outstanding options, warrants,
preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other rights to purchase, or equity or debt securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, any capital stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries other than those described in or
contemplated by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. The descriptions of the Companys stock option, stock bonus and other stock plans or arrangements, and the options or other rights granted thereunder, set forth in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus accurately and fairly in all material respects present the information required to be shown with respect to such plans, arrangements, options and rights. 

(t) Stock Exchange Listing. The Preferred Shares are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and are
listed on the Principal Market, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Preferred Shares under the Exchange Act or delisting the Preferred Shares from the Principal
Market, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission or the Principal Market is contemplating terminating such registration or listing. An application for the listing of the Conversion Shares shall have been submitted to the
Principal Market and the Principal Market shall not have objected to the listing of the Conversion Shares. To the Companys knowledge, it is in compliance with all applicable listing requirements of the Principal Market. 

11 

(u) Non-Contravention of Existing Instruments; No
Further Authorizations or Approvals Required. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is (i) in violation of its charter, bylaws or other constitutive document or (ii) in default (or, with the giving of notice or lapse of time,
would be in default) (Default) under any indenture, mortgage, loan or credit agreement, note, contract, franchise, lease or other instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of them
may be bound (including, without limitation, the indentures governing the Companys 0.625% Convertible Senior Notes due 2028, 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2029, 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030, 0.625% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030,
0.875% Convertible Senior Notes due 2031 and 2.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2032), or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject (each, an Existing Instrument), except, in the
case of clause (ii) above, for such Defaults as would not, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change for the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole. The Companys execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement, the issuance and delivery of the Shares and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Prospectus (A) will not result in any violation of the provisions of the charter, bylaws or other constitutive document of
the Company or any subsidiary, (B) will not conflict with or constitute a breach of, or Default or a Debt Repayment Triggering Event (as defined below) under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any
property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, or require the consent of any other party to, any Existing Instrument, except for such conflicts, breaches, Defaults, liens, charges, encumbrances or required consents as
would not singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change for the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (C) will not result in any violation of any law, administrative regulation or administrative or court decree
applicable to the Company or any subsidiary and (D) no consent, approval, authorization or order of, or qualification with, any governmental body, agency or court is required for the performance by the Company of its obligations under this
Agreement, the Certificate of Designations and the Securities, except (i) such as may be required by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) and under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the various
states in connection with the offer and sale of the Securities or (ii) for any law or regulation applicable to the filing of the Certificate of Designations with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. As used herein, a Debt
Repayment Triggering Event means any event or condition which gives, or with the giving of notice or lapse of time would give, the holder of any note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holders
behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

(v) No Material Actions or Proceedings. Other than proceedings accurately described in all material respects in each of the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus, there are no legal or governmental proceedings pending or threatened to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or to which any of the properties

12 

of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject that would result in a Material Adverse Change for the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or on the power or ability of the
Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement, the Certificate of Designations and the Preferred Shares or to consummate the transactions contemplated by each of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus or that are required to be
described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus and are not so described. 

(w) Intellectual Property Rights. (i) To
the Companys knowledge, the Company and its subsidiaries own, have a valid license or possess sufficient rights to all patents, inventions, copyrights, know how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary or
confidential information, systems or procedures), trademarks, service marks and trade names and all other intellectual property and proprietary rights (including all registrations and applications for registration of, and all goodwill associated
with, any of the foregoing) (collectively, Intellectual Property Rights) used in or reasonably necessary to the conduct of their respective businesses as now conducted by them; (ii) the Intellectual Property Rights owned by
the Company and its subsidiaries and, to the Companys knowledge, the Intellectual Property Rights licensed to the Company and its subsidiaries, are valid, subsisting and enforceable, and there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge,
threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the validity, scope or enforceability of, or any rights of the Company or any of its subsidiaries in, any such Intellectual Property Rights in any material respect;
(iii) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice alleging any infringement, misappropriation or other violation of Intellectual Property Rights which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable
decision, ruling or finding, would result in a Material Adverse Change for the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (iv) to the Companys knowledge, no Person (as defined below) is infringing, misappropriating or otherwise
violating, or has infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated, any Intellectual Property Rights owned or controlled by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, other than as would not result in a Material Adverse Change for the Company and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (v) to the Companys knowledge, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates, or has infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated, any Intellectual
Property Rights of any Person, which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would be material to the conduct of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (vi) all
employees or contractors engaged in the development of Intellectual Property Rights on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries have executed an invention assignment agreement whereby such employees or contractors presently assign all of
their right, title and interest in and to such Intellectual Property Rights to the Company or its applicable subsidiary, and to the Companys knowledge no such agreement has been breached or violated; and (vii) the Company and its
subsidiaries use, and have used, commercially reasonable efforts to appropriately maintain the confidentiality of all information intended to be maintained as a trade secret that is material to the conduct of their businesses as currently conducted
by them. 

13 

(x) All Necessary Permits, etc. The Company and its subsidiaries possess all
licenses, certificates, permits and other authorizations issued by, and have made all declarations and filings with, the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign governmental or regulatory authorities that are necessary for the conduct of their
respective businesses as currently conducted, except where the failure to possess or make the same would not, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change for the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; and except as would
not singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change for the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received notice of any revocation or modification of any such license,
certificate, permit or authorization. 

(y) Title to Properties. The Company and its subsidiaries own no real property and have
valid rights to lease or otherwise use, all items of real and personal property and assets that are material to the respective businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, in each case, except as disclosed in the Prospectus, free
and clear of all liens, encumbrances, claims and defects and imperfections of title except those that do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and its subsidiaries or would not, singly or
in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change for the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

(z) Tax Law
Compliance. The Company and each of its subsidiaries have filed all federal, state, local and foreign tax returns required to be filed through the date of this Agreement or have requested extensions thereof (except where the failure to file
would not, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change for the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole) and have paid all taxes required to be paid thereon (except for cases in which the failure to file or pay would not,
singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change for the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or, except as currently being contested in good faith and for which reserves required by U.S. GAAP have been created in the
financial statements of the Company), and no tax deficiency has been determined adversely to the Company or any of its subsidiaries which, singly or in the aggregate, has had (nor does the Company nor any of its subsidiaries have any notice or
knowledge of any tax deficiency which could reasonably be expected to be determined adversely to the Company or its subsidiaries and which could reasonably be expected to have) a Material Adverse Change for the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as
a whole. 

(aa) Fast-Pay Stock Compliance. The Company has made reasonable best efforts to
comply and believes that it has complied with the written guidelines previously agreed to by the Company and the Agents with respect to fast-pay stock (the
Fast-Pay Stock Guidelines) (for the avoidance of doubt, the Company may take into account written or oral representations from the Agents in determining that it has fulfilled the Fast-Pay Stock Guidelines) and does not believe that the Shares to be sold pursuant to this Agreement are structured in a manner that causes the Shares to be treated as
fast-pay stock within the meaning of Section 1.7701(l)-3(b)(2) of the United States Treasury Regulations. 

(bb) Company Not an Investment Company. The Company is not, and will not be, either after receipt of payment for the Shares
or after the application of the proceeds therefrom as described under Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended (the Investment Company Act). 

14 

(cc) Insurance. The Company and its subsidiaries have insurance covering their
respective properties, operations, personnel and businesses, including business interruption insurance, which insurance is in amounts and insures against such losses and risks as are customary in the business in which they are engaged; and neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has (i) received written notice from any insurer or agent of such insurer that material capital improvements or other expenditures are required or necessary to be made in order to continue such insurance
or (ii) any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business in all material
respects at a cost that would not singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change for the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

(dd) No Price Stabilization or Manipulation; Compliance with Regulation M. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has taken,
directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that might cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Preferred Shares or of any reference security (as defined in Rule 100 of Regulation M under the Exchange
Act (Regulation M)) with respect to the Preferred Shares, whether to facilitate the sale or resale of the Shares or otherwise, and has taken no action which would directly or indirectly violate Regulation M, provided,
however, that the Company makes no representation or warranty as to any activities of the Agents. 

(ee) Related Party
Transactions. There are no business relationships or related-party transactions involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any other person required to be described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus which have not been
described as required. 

(ff) FINRA Matters. All of the information provided to the Agents or to counsel for the Agents by the
Company, and, to the Companys knowledge, its counsel, its officers and directors and the holders of any securities (debt or equity) or options to acquire any securities of the Company, for the preparation of any letters, filings or other
supplemental information provided to FINRA pursuant to FINRA Rules in connection with the offering of the Shares is true, complete and correct in all material respects. The Company is an experienced issuer as defined in FINRA Corporate
Financing Rule 5110. 

(gg) No Unlawful Contributions or Other Payments. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries or
affiliates, or any director or officer thereof, nor, to the Companys knowledge, any employee or agent of the Company or any subsidiary, has made any contribution or other payment to any official of, or candidate for, any federal, state or
foreign office in violation of any law or of the character required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. 

15 

(hh) Compliance with Environmental Laws. The Company and each of its subsidiaries
(i) are in compliance with any and all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or
contaminants (Environmental Laws), (ii) have received all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses and (iii) are in compliance with all
terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, except where such non-compliance with Environmental Laws, failure to receive required permits, licenses or other approvals or failure to comply
with the terms and conditions of such permits, licenses or approvals would not, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change for the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

(ii) Costs of Environmental Compliance. There are no costs or liabilities associated with Environmental Laws (including, without
limitation, any capital or operating expenditures required for clean-up, closure of properties or compliance with Environmental Laws or any permit, license or approval, any related constraints on operating
activities and any potential liabilities to third parties) which would, singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change for the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

(jj) Open Source Software. (i)The Company and its subsidiaries use and have used any and all software and other materials distributed
under a free, open source, or similar licensing model (including but not limited to the MIT License, Apache License, GNU General Public License, GNU Lesser General Public License and GNU Affero General Public License)
(Open Source Software) in material compliance with all license terms applicable to such Open Source Software; and (ii) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries uses or distributes or has used or distributed any Open
Source Software in any manner that requires or has required (A) the Company or any of its subsidiaries to permit reverse engineering of any software code or other technology owned by the Company or any of its subsidiaries material to the
conduct of their businesses as currently conducted by them or (B) any software code or other technology owned by the Company or any of its subsidiaries material to the conduct of their businesses as currently conducted by them to be
(1) disclosed or distributed in source code form, (2) licensed for the purpose of making derivative works or (3) redistributed at no charge. 

(kk) Brokers. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus, there is no broker, finder or other party that is entitled to receive
from the Company any brokerage or finders fee or other fee or commission as a result of any transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(ll) No Outstanding Loans or Other Extensions of Credit. The Company does not have any outstanding extension of credit, in the form of
a personal loan, to or for any director or executive officer (or equivalent thereof) of the Company except for such extensions of credit as are expressly permitted by Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act. 

16 

(mm) Compliance with Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries have been and are in
compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, except where failure to be so in compliance would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(nn) Dividend Restrictions. No subsidiary of the Company is prohibited or restricted, directly or indirectly, from paying dividends to
the Company, or from making any other distribution with respect to such subsidiarys equity securities or from repaying to the Company or any other subsidiary of the Company any amounts that may from time to time become due under any loans or
advances to such subsidiary from the Company or from transferring any property or assets to the Company or to any other subsidiary. 

(oo)
Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Laws. None of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or any director or officer thereof, or, to the Companys knowledge, any employee, agent or representative of the Company or of any of
its subsidiaries or affiliates, has taken or will take any action in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization or approval of the payment, giving or receipt of money, property, gifts or anything else of value, directly or
indirectly, to any government official (including any officer or employee of a government or government-owned or controlled entity or of a public international organization, or any person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of any of the
foregoing, or any political party or party official or candidate for political office) (Government Official) in order to influence official action, or to any person in violation of any applicable anti-corruption laws;
(ii) the Company and each of its subsidiaries and affiliates have conducted their businesses in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and have instituted and maintained and will continue to maintain policies and procedures reasonably
designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws and with the representations and warranties contained herein; and (iii) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries will use, directly or indirectly, the proceeds of the offering in
furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any person in violation of any applicable anti-corruption laws. 

(pp) Money Laundering Laws. (i) The operations of the Company and each of its subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all
times in material compliance with all applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including those of the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by Title III of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to
Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act), and the applicable anti-money laundering statutes of jurisdictions where the Company and each of its subsidiaries conduct business, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related
or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws), (ii) no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental
agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened and (iii) the Company and each of its
subsidiaries have instituted and maintained and will continue to maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote and achieve compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Laws and with the representations and warranties contained herein.

17 

(qq) Sanctions. (i) None of the Company, any of its subsidiaries, or any
director or officer thereof, or, to the Companys knowledge, any employee, agent, affiliate or representative of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, is an individual or entity (Person) that is, or is owned or controlled
by one or more Persons that are: (A) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the United States Government (including the United States Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control and the United States
Department of State), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), or (B) located, organized or resident in a country
or territory that is the subject of Sanctions (including, without limitation, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic,
the non-government controlled areas of the Kherson and Zaporizhzhia regions of Ukraine or any other Covered Region of Ukraine identified pursuant to Executive Order 14065, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and
Syria); (ii) the Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person: (A) to fund or facilitate any
activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions; or (B) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person
(including any Person participating in the offering, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise); (iii) since April 24, 2019, the Company and each of its subsidiaries have not knowingly engaged in, are not now knowingly engaged in,
and will not engage in, any dealings or transactions with any Person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject of Sanctions; (iv) the Company and each of its subsidiaries and
affiliates have instituted and maintained and will continue to maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote and achieve compliance with Sanctions and with the representations and warranties contained herein. 

(rr) Sarbanes-Oxley. The Company is in compliance, in all material respects, with all applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

(ss) Duties, Transfer Taxes, Etc. No stamp or other issuance or
transfer taxes or duties are payable by the Agents in the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement by the Company or the sale and
delivery by the Company of the Shares. 

(tt) Cybersecurity. The Company and its subsidiaries have taken commercially reasonable
technical and organizational measures necessary to protect the respective information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks, hardware, software, websites, applications, technology, data and databases (including Personal Data
(as defined below) and the data and information of their respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained, processed or stored by or on 

18 

behalf of the Company and its subsidiaries) used in connection with the operation of the Companys and its subsidiaries respective businesses (IT Systems and Data),
and such IT Systems and Data are adequate for, and operate and perform in all material respects as required in connection with the operation of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as currently conducted, free and clear of all material
bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company and its subsidiaries have used commercially reasonable efforts to establish and maintain, and have established, maintained,
implemented and complied, in all material respects, with reasonable information technology, information security, cyber security and data protection controls, policies and procedures, including oversight, access controls, encryption, technological
and physical safeguards and business continuity/disaster recovery and security plans, consistent with industry standards and practices, that are designed to protect against and prevent breach, destruction, loss, unauthorized distribution, use,
access, disablement, misappropriation or modification, or other compromise or misuse of or relating to any IT Systems and Data (Breach). There has been no such Breach, and the Company and its subsidiaries have not been notified of
and have no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any such Breach that would result in a Material Adverse Change for the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

(uu) Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. (i) The Company and each of its subsidiaries have complied and are presently in compliance
in all material respects with all internal and external privacy policies, contractual obligations, industry standards, applicable laws, statutes, judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or other governmental or regulatory
authority and any other legal obligations, in each case, relating to the collection, use, transfer, import, export, storage, protection, disposal and disclosure by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of personal, personally identifiable,
household, sensitive, confidential or regulated data or information (Data Security Obligations, and such data and information, Personal Data); (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries have not received any
notification of or complaint regarding and are unaware of any other facts that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably indicate non-compliance with any Data Security Obligation by the Company or
any of its subsidiaries; and (iii) there is no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened alleging
non-compliance with any Data Security Obligation by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

(vv)
Labor Disputes. No labor disturbance by or dispute with employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent, and the Company is not aware of any existing, threatened or imminent labor
disturbance by the employees of any of its or its subsidiaries principal suppliers, contractors or customers, except as would not singly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change for the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a
whole. 

19 

(ww) Other Agreements. Except for the Sales Agreement dated October 30, 2024 by
and between the Company and TD Securities (USA) LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., The Benchmark Company, LLC, BTIG, LLC, Canaccord Genuity LLC, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Maxim Group LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC and SG Americas Securities, LLC,
the Company is not a party to any agreement with an agent or underwriter for any other at the market or continuous equity transaction. 

Any certificate signed by any officer or representative of the Company or any of its subsidiaries and delivered to the Agents or counsel for
the Agents in connection with an issuance of Shares shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Agents as to the matters covered thereby on the date of such certificate. 

The Company acknowledges that the Agents and, for purposes of the opinions to be delivered pursuant to Section 4(p) hereof, counsel to
the Company and counsel to the Agents, will rely upon the accuracy and truthfulness of the foregoing representations and hereby consents to such reliance. 

Section 3. Issuance And Sale Of Preferred Shares 

(a) Sale of Securities. On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, but subject to the terms and
conditions herein set forth, the Company and the Agents agree that the Company may from time to time seek to sell Shares through the Agent named in the applicable Issuance Notice, acting as sales agent, or directly to an Agent, acting as principal
(either such agent, the Designated Agent), as follows, with an aggregate Sales Price of up to the Maximum Program Amount, based on and in accordance with Issuance Notices as the Company may deliver, during the Agency Period. The
Company acknowledges and agrees that sales of Shares under this Agreement may be made through affiliates of the Agents, and that the Agents may otherwise fulfill their obligations pursuant to this Agreement to or through an affiliated broker-dealer
of such Agent. Each Agent acknowledges and agrees that the sale of Shares under this Agreement through an affiliate of such Agent in no way alleviates such Agent of its responsibilities under this Agreement and that it shall be responsible for the
actions of its affiliates as if such actions were the actions of such Agent itself. 

(b) Mechanics of Issuances. 

(i) Issuance Notice. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, on any Trading Day during the Agency Period on
which the conditions set forth in Section 5(a) and Section 5(b) shall have been satisfied, the Company may exercise its right to request an issuance of Shares by delivering to the Designated Agent an Issuance Notice; provided,
however, that (A) in no event may the Company deliver an Issuance Notice to the extent that the sum of (x) the aggregate Sales Price of the requested Issuance Amount, plus (y) the aggregate Sales Price of all Shares issued
under all previous Issuance Notices effected pursuant to this Agreement, would exceed the Maximum Program Amount; (B) prior to delivery of any Issuance Notice, the period set forth for any previous Issuance Notice shall have expired or been
terminated; (C) any sales of the Shares shall be effected by or through the Designated Agent on any single given day and the Company shall in no event request that more than one Agent offer or sell the Shares pursuant to this Agreement on the
same day; (D) upon receipt of any Issuance Notice, the Designated Agent shall promptly confirm in writing to the Company 

20 

(as well as counsel to the Company and the Agents) that any sales contemplated by the Issuance Notice will comply with the Fast-Pay Stock Guidelines; and
(E) the Designated Agent may decline to accept the terms contained in the Issuance Notice for any reason, in its sole discretion, which shall not be deemed a breach by the Designated Agent under this Agreement. An Issuance Notice shall be
considered delivered on the Trading Day that it is received by e-mail to the persons set forth in Schedule A hereto for the applicable Agent and confirmed by the Company by telephone (including a voicemail
message to the persons so identified), with the understanding that, with adequate prior written notice, each Agent may modify the list of such persons for such Agent from time to time. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
parties hereto agree that compliance with the limitation set forth in this Section 3(b)(i) on the aggregate Sales Price and aggregate number of Shares that may be issued and sold under this Agreement from time to time shall be the sole
responsibility of the Company, and that the Agents shall have no obligation in connection with such compliance. 

(ii) Agent
Efforts. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, upon the receipt of an Issuance Notice, the Designated Agent will use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal sales and trading practices
to place the Shares with respect to which the Designated Agent has agreed to act as sales agent, subject to, and in accordance with the information specified in, the Issuance Notice, unless the sale of the Shares described therein has been
suspended, cancelled or otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company and the Designated Agent may modify an Issuance Notice at any time provided they both agree in writing to any such
modification. 

(iii) Method of Offer and Sale. The Shares may be offered and sold (A) in privately negotiated transactions
with the consent of the Company; (B) as block transactions; or (C) by any other method permitted by law deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act, including sales made directly
on the Principal Market or sales made into any other existing trading market of the Preferred Shares. In the event the Company engages an Agent for a sale of Shares in an agency transaction that would constitute a block within the
meaning of Rule 10b-18(a)(5) under the Exchange Act, the Company will provide such Agent, at the Agents request and upon reasonable advance notice to the Company, on or prior to the Settlement Date, the
opinions of counsel, accountants letter and officers certificates set forth in Section 4 hereof, each dated the Settlement Date, and such other documents and information as the Agent shall reasonably request. Nothing in this
Agreement shall be deemed to require any party to agree to the method of offer and sale specified in the first sentence of this paragraph, and (except as specified in clauses (A) and (B) above) the method of placement of any Shares by the
Designated Agent shall be at the Designated Agents discretion. 

(iv) Confirmation to the Company. If acting as sales agent
hereunder, the Designated Agent will provide written confirmation to the Company no later than the opening of the Trading Day next following the Trading Day on which it has placed Shares hereunder setting forth the number of Shares sold on such
Trading Day, the corresponding Sales Price and the Issuance Price payable to the Company in respect thereof. 

21 

(v) Settlement. Each issuance of Shares will be settled on the applicable Settlement
Date for such issuance of Shares and, subject to the provisions of Section 5, on or before each Settlement Date, the Company will, or will cause its transfer agent to, electronically transfer the Shares being sold by crediting the Designated
Agent or its designees account at The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian (DWAC) System, or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by the Company and the applicable Designated Agent and,
upon receipt of such Shares, which in all cases shall be freely tradable, transferable, registered shares in good deliverable form, the Designated Agent will deliver, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, the related Issuance Price in
same day funds delivered to an account designated by the Company prior to the Settlement Date. The Company may sell Shares to the Designated Agent as principal at a price agreed upon between the Company and the Designated Agent at each relevant time
Shares are sold pursuant to this Agreement (each, a Time of Sale). 

(vi) Suspension or Termination of Sales.
Consistent with standard market settlement practices, the Company or the Designated Agent may, upon notice to the other party hereto in writing or by telephone (confirmed immediately by verifiable email), suspend any sale of Shares, and the period
set forth in an Issuance Notice shall immediately terminate; provided, however, that (A) such suspension and termination shall not affect or impair either partys obligations with respect to any Shares placed or sold
hereunder prior to the receipt of such notice; (B) if the Company suspends or terminates any sale of Shares after the Designated Agent confirms such sale to the Company, the Company shall still be obligated to comply with Section 3(b)(v)
with respect to such Shares; and (C) if the Company defaults in its obligation to deliver Shares on a Settlement Date, the Company agrees that it will hold the Designated Agent harmless against any loss, claim, damage or expense (including,
without limitation, penalties, interest and reasonable legal fees and expenses), as incurred, arising out of or in connection with such default by the Company. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, in performing their respective obligations
under this Agreement, the Agents may borrow Preferred Shares from stock lenders in the event that the Company has not delivered Shares to settle sales as required by subsection (v) above, and may use the Shares to settle or close out such
borrowings. The Company agrees that no such notice shall be effective against the Designated Agent unless it is made to the persons identified in writing by the Designated Agent pursuant to Section 3(b)(i). 

(vii) No Guarantee of Placement, Etc. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (A) there can be no assurance that the Designated
Agent will be successful in placing Shares; (B) the Designated Agent will incur no liability or obligation to the Company or any other Person if it does not sell Shares; and (C) the Designated Agent shall be under no obligation to purchase
Shares on a principal basis pursuant to this Agreement, except as otherwise specifically agreed by the Designated Agent and the Company. 

22 

(viii) Material Non-Public Information.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall not offer, sell or deliver, or request the offer or sale, of any Shares pursuant to this Agreement and, by notice to the Agents given by telephone (confirmed promptly by
email), shall cancel any instructions for the placement, offer or sale of any Shares, and the Agents shall not be obligated to place, offer or sell any Shares, (i) during any period in which the Company is in possession of material non-public information, or (ii) at any time from and including the date on which the Company shall issue a press release containing, or shall otherwise publicly announce, its earnings, revenues or other results
of operations (an Earnings Announcement) through and including the time that the Company files a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or an Annual Report on Form
10-K that includes consolidated financial statements as of and for the same period or periods, as the case may be, covered by such Earnings Announcement unless the Company has filed a Form 8-K in a manner such that the information in the Earnings Announcement is incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. 

(c) Fees. As compensation for services rendered, the Company shall pay to the Designated Agent, on the applicable Settlement Date, the
Selling Commission for the applicable Issuance Amount (including with respect to any suspended or terminated sale pursuant to Section 3(b)(vi)) by the Designated Agent deducting the Selling Commission from the applicable Issuance Amount. 

(d) Expenses. The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations
hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including without limitation (i) all expenses incident to the issuance and delivery of the Shares (including all printing and engraving costs); (ii) all fees and expenses of
the registrar and transfer agent of the Shares; (iii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance and sale of the Shares to the Agents; (iv) all fees and expenses of the Companys counsel,
independent public or certified public accountants and other advisors; (v) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution of the Registration Statement (including financial
statements, exhibits, schedules, consents and certificates of experts), the Prospectus, any Free Writing Prospectus prepared by or on behalf of, used by, or referred to by the Company, the Certificate of Designations, and all amendments and
supplements to the foregoing, and this Agreement; (vi) all filing fees, attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company or the Agents in connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the qualification or
registration of) all or any part of the Shares for offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws or the provincial securities laws of Canada, and, if requested by the Agents, preparing and printing a Blue Sky Survey or
memorandum and a Canadian wrapper, and any supplements thereto, advising the Agents of such qualifications, registrations, determinations and exemptions; (vii) the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of the Agents
counsel, including the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel for the Agents in connection with, FINRA review, if any, and approval of the Agents participation in the offering and distribution of the Shares; (viii) the
filing fees incident to FINRA review, if any; (ix) the costs and expenses of the Company relating to investor presentations on any road show 

23 

undertaken in connection with the marketing of the offering of the Shares, including, without limitation, expenses associated with the preparation or dissemination of any electronic road show,
expenses associated with the production of road show slides and graphics, fees and expenses of any consultants engaged in connection with the road show presentations with the prior approval of the Company, travel and lodging expenses of the
representatives, employees and officers of the Company and of the Agents and any such consultants, and the cost of any aircraft chartered in connection with the road show; and (x) the fees and expenses associated with listing the Shares and the
Conversion Shares on the Principal Market. The fees and disbursements of Agents counsel pursuant to subsections (vi) and (vii) above shall not exceed (A) $75,000 in connection with the execution of this Agreement and (B) $15,000 in
connection with each Triggering Event Date (as defined below) on which the Company is required to provide a certificate pursuant to Section 4(p). 

(e) Fast-Pay Stock. In connection with any offerings of Preferred Shares (for this purpose,
including (i) each sale of Shares pursuant to this Agreement; (ii) each future sale of the Preferred Shares pursuant to any future at-the-market sales program
or otherwise and (iii) any Preferred Shares acquired and then resold by the Company or any of its subsidiaries) (each, an Offering), the Company will use its reasonable best efforts (which shall include obtaining advice from
a qualified external tax advisor) to cause the Preferred Shares to be structured in a manner that is intended to cause the Preferred Shares not to be treated as fast-pay stock within the meaning of
Section 1.7701(l)-3(b)(2) of the United States Treasury Regulations. For the avoidance of doubt, fulfilling the Fast-Pay Stock Guidelines will be deemed sufficient
to meet the Companys obligations under this provision. The Company and the Agents further agree and acknowledge that the Company may take into account written or oral representations from one or more nationally recognized financial
institutions participating in such Offering in determining that it has fulfilled the Fast-Pay Stock Guidelines. 

If the Company makes any filing (including a protective filing) (the Filing) pursuant to
Section 1.6011-4 of the United States Treasury Regulations (or any successor or similar or related regulation, including similar state or local tax regulations) to the effect that it has (or may have, in
the case of a protective Filing) issued fast-pay stock with respect to any Preferred Shares sold by the Company in Offerings, the Company shall (A) announce such Filing by, at the
Companys option, (i) a press release through a major news service, (ii) publication on the Companys investor relations website, or (iii) filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (or provide similar notice to holders of the Securities), in each case, within four business days of the Filing and (B) use reasonable best efforts to promptly provide written advance notice (and in any event
no later than 10 business days in advance of the Filing) to any potential material advisors (within the meaning of Section 6111 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) in connection with the Filing. The
Company further agrees and covenants that if the Company receives any notice of any governmental audit, assessment, claim, examination or other governmental inquiry relating to the tax treatment of any Preferred Shares sold by the Company in
Offerings being fast-pay stock (a Tax Claim) it shall use reasonable best efforts to promptly provide written notice to the Agents and any potential material advisors
(within the meaning of Section 6111 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) in connection with such Tax Claim. 

24 

Section 4. Additional Covenants 

The Company covenants and agrees with the Agents as follows, in addition to any other covenants and agreements made elsewhere in this
Agreement: 

(a) Exchange Act Compliance. During the Agency Period, the Company shall (i) file, on a timely basis, with the
Commission all reports and documents required to be filed under Section 13, 14 or 15 of the Exchange Act in the manner and within the time periods required by the Exchange Act; and (ii) either (A) include in its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and its annual reports on Form 10-K, a summary detailing, for the relevant reporting period, (1) the number of Shares sold through the Agents pursuant to this
Agreement and (2) the net proceeds received by the Company from such sales or (B) prepare a prospectus supplement containing, or include in such other filing permitted by the Securities Act or Exchange Act (each an Interim
Prospectus Supplement), such summary information and, at least once a quarter and subject to this Section 4, file such Interim Prospectus Supplement pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act (and within the time periods
required by Rule 424(b) and Rule 430B under the Securities Act). 

(b) Securities Act Compliance. After the date of this Agreement,
the Company shall promptly advise the Agents in writing (i) of the receipt of any comments of, or requests for additional or supplemental information from, the Commission relating to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus; (ii) of
the time and date of any filing of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus and any Free Writing Prospectus; (iii) of the time and date that any post-effective amendment to the
Registration Statement becomes effective; and (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or any amendment or supplement to the
Prospectus or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus, or of any proceedings to remove, suspend or terminate from listing or quotation the Preferred Shares from any securities exchange upon
which they are listed for trading or included or designated for quotation, or of the threatening or initiation of any proceedings for any of such purposes. If the Commission shall enter any such stop order at any time, the Company will use its
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the lifting of such order as soon as practicable. Additionally, the Company agrees that it shall comply with the provisions of Rule 424(b) and Rule 433, as applicable, under the Securities Act and will use
its commercially reasonable efforts to confirm that any filings made by the Company under such Rule 424(b) or Rule 433 were filed in a timely manner with the Commission. 

(c) Amendments and Supplements to the Prospectus and Other Securities Act Matters. If any event shall occur or condition exist as a
result of which it is necessary to amend or supplement the Prospectus so that the Prospectus does not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances when the Prospectus is delivered to a 

25 

purchaser, not misleading, or if in the opinion of the Agents or counsel for the Agents it is otherwise necessary to amend or supplement the Prospectus to comply with applicable law, including
the Securities Act, the Company agrees (subject to Section 4(d) and Section 4(f)) to promptly prepare, file with the Commission and furnish at its own expense to the Agents, amendments or supplements to the Prospectus (including by filing
a document incorporated by reference therein) so that the statements in the Prospectus as so amended or supplemented will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances when the Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, not be misleading or so that the Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, will comply with applicable law including the Securities Act. Neither the
Agents consent to, or delivery of, any such amendment or supplement shall constitute a waiver of any of the Companys obligations under Section 4(d) and Section 4(f). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be
required to file such amendment or supplement if there is no outstanding Issuance Notice and the Company believes that it is in its best interest not to file such amendment or supplement; provided, however, the Company agrees not to
provide an Issuance Notice or otherwise sell under this Agreement until such amendment or supplement is filed. 

(d) Agents Review
of Proposed Amendments and Supplements. Prior to amending or supplementing the Registration Statement (excluding (i) the filing under the Exchange Act of documents incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement that either
(A) do not name the Agents and do not relate to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (B) include disclosure naming the Agents and regarding the transactions contemplated by this Agreement that is limited to disclosure of
periodic sales pursuant to this Agreement, and (ii) amendments or supplements that do not name the Agents and do not relate to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) or the Prospectus (excluding any amendment or supplement through
incorporation of any report filed under the Exchange Act), the Company shall furnish to the Agents for review, a reasonable amount of time prior to the proposed time of filing or use thereof, a copy of each such proposed amendment or supplement, and
the Company shall not file or use any such proposed amendment or supplement without the Agents prior consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. The Company shall file with the Commission within the applicable
period specified in Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act any prospectus required to be filed pursuant to such Rule. 

(e) Use of Free
Writing Prospectus. Neither the Company nor any Agent has prepared, used, referred to or distributed, or will prepare, use, refer to or distribute, without the other partys prior written consent, any written communication that
constitutes a free writing prospectus as such terms are defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act with respect to the offering contemplated by this Agreement (any such free writing prospectus being referred to herein as a
Free Writing Prospectus). 

(f) Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company shall furnish to the Agents for review, a
reasonable amount of time prior to the proposed time of filing or use thereof, a copy of each proposed Free Writing Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto to be prepared by or on behalf of, used by, or referred to by the Company and the
Company shall not file, use or refer to any proposed Free Writing Prospectus or any 

26 

amendment or supplement thereto without the Agents consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. The Company shall furnish to the Agents, without charge, as
many copies of any Free Writing Prospectus prepared by or on behalf of, or used by the Company, as the Agents may reasonably request. If at any time when a prospectus is required by the Securities Act (including, without limitation, pursuant to Rule
173(d)) to be delivered in connection with sales of the Shares (but in any event if at any time through and including the date of this Agreement) there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which any Free Writing Prospectus
prepared by or on behalf of, used by, or referred to by the Company conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would
omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances prevailing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company shall promptly amend or supplement such Free Writing Prospectus to
eliminate or correct such conflict or so that the statements in such Free Writing Prospectus as so amended or supplemented will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances prevailing at such subsequent time, not misleading, as the case may be; provided, however, that prior to amending or supplementing any such Free Writing Prospectus, the Company
shall furnish to the Agents for review, a reasonable amount of time prior to the proposed time of filing or use thereof, a copy of such proposed amended or supplemented Free Writing Prospectus and the Company shall not file, use or refer to any such
amended or supplemented Free Writing Prospectus without the Agents consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. 

(g) Filing of Agent Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company shall not take any action that would result in the Agents or the Company
being required to file with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act a Free Writing Prospectus prepared by or on behalf of the Agents that the Agents otherwise would not have been required to file thereunder. 

(h) Copies of Registration Statement and Prospectus. After the date of this Agreement through the last time that a prospectus is
required by the Securities Act (including, without limitation, pursuant to Rule 173(d)) to be delivered in connection with sales of the Shares, the Company agrees to furnish the Agents with copies (which may be electronic copies) of the Registration
Statement and each amendment thereto, and with copies of the Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto in the form in which it is filed with the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act or Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, both in
such quantities as the Agents may reasonably request from time to time; and, if the delivery of a prospectus is required under the Securities Act or under the blue sky or securities laws of any jurisdiction at any time on or prior to the applicable
Settlement Date for any period set forth in an Issuance Notice in connection with the offering or sale of the Shares and if at such time any event has occurred as a result of which the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include an
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made when such Prospectus is delivered, not misleading, or, if for any
other reason it is 

27 

necessary during such same period to amend or supplement the Prospectus or to file under the Exchange Act any document incorporated by reference in the Prospectus in order to comply with the
Securities Act or the Exchange Act, to notify the Agents and to request that the Agents suspend offers to sell Shares (and, if so notified, the Agents shall cease such offers as soon as practicable); and if the Company decides to amend or supplement
the Registration Statement or the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented, to advise the Agents promptly by telephone (with confirmation in writing) and to prepare and cause to be filed promptly with the Commission an amendment or supplement to
the Registration Statement or the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented that will correct such statement or omission or effect such compliance; provided, however, that if during such same period any Agent is required to deliver a
prospectus in respect of transactions in the Shares, the Company shall promptly prepare and file with the Commission such an amendment or supplement. 

(i) Blue Sky Compliance. The Company shall cooperate with the Agents and counsel for the Agents to qualify or register the Shares for
sale under (or obtain exemptions from the application of) the state securities or blue sky laws or Canadian provincial securities laws of those jurisdictions designated by the Agents, shall comply with such laws and shall continue such
qualifications, registrations and exemptions in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Shares. The Company shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer of securities or to take any action that would
subject it to general service of process in any such jurisdiction where it is not presently qualified or where it would be subject to taxation as a foreign corporation. The Company will advise the Agents promptly of the suspension of the
qualification or registration of (or any such exemption relating to) the Shares for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any initiation or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of any order
suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company shall use its best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof as soon as practicable. 

(j) Earnings Statement. As soon as reasonably practicable, the Company will make generally available to its security holders and to the
Agents an earnings statement (which need not be audited) covering a period of at least twelve months beginning with the first fiscal quarter of the Company occurring after the date of this Agreement which shall satisfy the provisions of
Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 under the Securities Act. 

(k) Beneficial Owners. The Company will deliver to
each Agent (or its agent), upon the request of each Agent, a properly completed and executed Certification Regarding Beneficial Owners of Legal Entity Customers, together with copies of identifying documentation, and the Company undertakes to
provide such additional supporting documentation as each Agent may reasonably request in connection with the verification of the foregoing Certification. 

28 

(l) Listing; Reservation of Shares. (a) The Company will maintain the listing of
the Shares on the Principal Market; (b) the Company will reserve and keep available at all times, free of preemptive rights, Shares for the purpose of enabling the Company to satisfy its obligations pursuant to an outstanding Issuance Notice
under this Agreement; and (c) the Company will use reasonable best efforts to effect and maintain the listing of the Conversion Shares on the Principal Market; and (d) the Company will reserve and keep available for so long as any Shares
are outstanding, free of preemptive rights, the Conversion Shares. 

(m) Transfer Agent. The Company shall engage and maintain, at
its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Shares. 

(n) Due Diligence. During the term of this Agreement, the Company will
reasonably cooperate with any reasonable due diligence review conducted by the Agents in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, providing information and making available documents and senior corporate
officers, during normal business hours and at the Companys principal offices or virtually, as the Agents may reasonably request from time to time. 

(o) Representations and Warranties. The Company acknowledges that each delivery of an Issuance Notice and each delivery of Shares on a
Settlement Date shall be deemed to be (i) an affirmation to the Agents that the representations and warranties of the Company contained in or made pursuant to this Agreement are true and correct as of the date of such Issuance Notice or of such
Settlement Date, as the case may be, as though made at and as of each such date, except as may be disclosed in the Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference therein and any supplements thereto); and (ii) an undertaking that
the Company will advise the Agents if any of such representations and warranties will not be true and correct as of the Settlement Date for the Shares relating to such Issuance Notice, as though made at and as of each such date (except that such
representations and warranties shall be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended and supplemented relating to such Shares). 

(p) Deliverables at Triggering Event Dates; Certificates. The Company agrees that on or prior to the date of the first Issuance Notice
and, during the term of this Agreement after the date of the first Issuance Notice, upon: (A) the filing of the Prospectus or the amendment or supplement of any Registration Statement or Prospectus (other than a prospectus supplement relating
solely to an offering of securities other than the Shares or a prospectus filed pursuant to Section 4(a)(ii)(B)), by means of a post-effective amendment, sticker or supplement, but not by means of incorporation of documents by reference into
the Registration Statement or Prospectus; (B) the filing with the Commission of an annual report on Form 10-K or a quarterly report on Form 10-Q (including any Form
10-K/A or Form 10-Q/A containing amended financial information or a material amendment to the previously filed annual report on Form
10-K or quarterly report on Form 10-Q), in each case, of the Company; or (C) the filing with the Commission of a current report on Form 8-K of the Company containing amended financial information or that incorporates by reference into the Registration Statement and the Prospectus the information contained in an Earnings Announcement as contemplated
by clause (ii) of Section 3(b)(viii) (other than information (1) furnished pursuant to Item 2.02 or 7.01 of Form 8-K or to provide disclosure pursuant to Item 8.01

29 

of Form 8-K relating to reclassification of certain properties as discontinued operations in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 144 or (2) solely related to the acquisition of bitcoin) that is material to the offering of securities of the Company in the Agents reasonable discretion (any such event specified in clause (A), (B) or (C), a Triggering
Event Date), the Company shall furnish the Agents (but in the case of clause (C) above only if any Agent reasonably determines that the information contained in such current report on Form 8-K
of the Company is material) with a certificate as of the Triggering Event Date, in the form and substance satisfactory to the Agents and their counsel, substantially similar to the form previously provided to the Agents and their counsel, modified,
as necessary, to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended or supplemented, (A) confirming that the representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement are true and correct, (B) confirming
that the Company has performed all of its obligations hereunder to be performed on or prior to the date of such certificate and as to the matters set forth in Section 5(a)(iii) hereof, and (C) containing any other certification that any
Agent shall reasonably request. The requirement to provide a certificate under this Section 4(p) shall be waived for any Triggering Event Date occurring at a time when no Issuance Notice is pending or a suspension is in effect, which waiver
shall continue until the earlier to occur of the date the Company delivers instructions for the sale of Shares hereunder (which for such calendar quarter shall be considered a Triggering Event Date) and the next occurring Triggering Event Date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company subsequently decides to sell Shares following a Triggering Event Date when a suspension was in effect and did not provide the Agents with a certificate under this Section 4(p), then before the
Company delivers the instructions for the sale of Shares or the Designated Agent sells any Shares pursuant to such instructions, the Company shall provide the Agents with a certificate in conformity with this Section 4(p) dated as of the date
that the instructions for the sale of Shares are issued. 

(q) Legal Opinions. On or prior to the date of the first Issuance Notice
and within two (2) Trading Days of each Triggering Event Date with respect to which the Company is obligated to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 4(p) for which no waiver is applicable and excluding the date of this Agreement, the
Company shall cause to be furnished to the Agents a written legal opinion letter and negative assurance letter of Latham & Watkins LLP, counsel to the Company, the written legal opinion of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati PC
(limited to confirming the matters addressed in clause 2(bb)), special counsel to the Company, and a negative assurances letter and the written legal opinion of Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, counsel to the Agents, each dated the date of
delivery, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agents and their counsel, substantially similar to the form previously provided to the Agents and their counsel, modified, as necessary, to relate to the Registration Statement and the
Prospectus as then amended or supplemented; provided that the Company shall be required to furnish no more than one opinion from each such counsel per each filing of an annual report on Form 10-K or quarterly
report on Form 10-Q. In lieu of such opinions for subsequent periodic filings, in the discretion of the Agents, the Company may furnish a reliance letter from such counsel to the Agents, permitting the Agents
to rely on a previously delivered opinion letter, modified as appropriate for any passage of time or Triggering Event Date (except that statements in such prior opinion shall be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as
amended or supplemented as of such Triggering Event Date). 

30 

(r) Comfort Letter. On or prior to the date of the first Issuance Notice and within
two (2) Trading Days of each Triggering Event Date with respect to which the Company is obligated to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 4(p) for which no waiver is applicable and excluding the date of this Agreement, the Company
shall cause KPMG LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm who has audited the financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, to furnish the Agents a comfort letter, dated the date of delivery,
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agents and their counsel, substantially similar to the form previously provided to the Agents and their counsel; provided, however, that any such comfort letter will only be required
on the Triggering Event Date specified to the extent that it contains financial statements filed with the Commission under the Exchange Act and incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference into a Prospectus. At any time when an Issuance
Notice is outstanding and no suspension thereto is in effect, if requested by the Agents, the Company shall also cause a comfort letter to be furnished to the Agents within ten (10) Trading Days of the date of occurrence of any material
transaction or event requiring the filing of a current report on Form 8-K containing material amended financial information of the Company, including the restatement of the Companys financial statements.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall be required to furnish no more than one comfort letter hereunder per each filing of an annual report on Form 10-K or a quarterly report on Form 10-Q;provided, however, that if the Company files any amendment to such annual report on Form 10-K or a quarterly report on Form
10-Q, as applicable, or a current report on Form 8-K that in any of such cases requires the filing of any material financial information, the Company shall be required
to furnish one or more comfort letters, as applicable, pursuant to the terms of this section. 

(s) Certificate of the Chief Financial
Officer. On or prior to the date of the first Issuance Notice and within two (2) Trading Days of each Triggering Event Date with respect to which the Company is obligated to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 4(p) for which no
waiver is applicable and excluding the date of this Agreement, the Company shall furnish the Agents a certificate signed by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, dated the date of delivery, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Agents; provided, however, that any such certificate will only be required on the Triggering Event Date specified to the extent that it contains financial statements filed with the Commission under the Exchange Act and incorporated or
deemed to be incorporated by reference into a Prospectus. 

(t) Secretarys Certificate. On or prior to the date of the first
Issuance Notice and within two (2) Trading Days of each Triggering Event Date with respect to which the Company is obligated to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 4(p) for which no waiver is applicable, the Company shall furnish the
Agents a certificate executed by the Secretary of the Company, signing in such capacity, dated the date of delivery (i) certifying that attached thereto are true and complete copies of the resolutions duly

31 

adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company authorizing the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without
limitation, the issuance of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement), which authorization shall be in full force and effect on and as of the date of such certificate, (ii) certifying and attesting to the office, incumbency, due authority and
specimen signatures of each Person who executed this Agreement for or on behalf of the Company, and (iii) containing any other certification that the Agents shall reasonably request. 

(u) Agents Own Account; Clients Account. The Company consents to each Agent trading, in compliance with applicable law, in
the Preferred Shares for the Agents own account and for the account of its clients at the same time as sales of the Shares occur pursuant to this Agreement. 

(v) Investment Limitation. The Company shall not invest, or otherwise use the proceeds received by the Company from its sale of the
Shares in such a manner as would require the Company or any of its subsidiaries to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

(w) Market Activities. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that might be reasonably expected
to cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Shares or any other reference security, whether to facilitate the sale or resale of the Shares or otherwise, and the Company will, and shall cause each of its affiliates to,
comply with all applicable provisions of Regulation M. If the limitations of Rule 102 of Regulation M (Rule 102) do not apply with respect to the Shares or any other reference security pursuant to any exception set forth in
Section (d) of Rule 102, then promptly upon notice from the Agents (or, if later, at the time stated in the notice), the Company will, and shall cause each of its affiliates to, comply with Rule 102 as though such exception were not available
but the other provisions of Rule 102 (as interpreted by the Commission) did apply. The Company shall promptly notify the Agents if the Preferred Shares no longer constitute excepted securities as defined in Section (c) of Rule 101
of Regulation M. 

(x) Notice of Other Sale. Without the written consent of the Designated Agent, the Company will not, directly or
indirectly, offer to sell, sell, contract to sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of any Preferred Shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Preferred Shares (other than Shares hereunder), warrants or any rights to
purchase or acquire Preferred Shares, or effect a reverse stock split, recapitalization, share consolidation, reclassification or similar transaction affecting the outstanding Preferred Shares, during the period beginning on the third Trading Day
immediately prior to the date on which any Issuance Notice is delivered to the Designated Agent hereunder and ending on the earlier of (A) the third Trading Day immediately following the Settlement Date with respect to Shares sold pursuant to
such Issuance Notice and (B) the date such Issuance Notice is cancelled if no Shares have been sold pursuant to such Issuance Notice; and will not directly or indirectly enter into any other at the market or continuous equity
transaction to offer to sell, sell, contract to sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of any Preferred Shares (other than the Shares offered pursuant to this Agreement) or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Preferred
Shares, warrants or any rights to purchase or acquire, Preferred Shares prior to the termination of this Agreement. 

32 

Section 5. Conditions To Delivery Of Issuance Notices And To Settlement 

(a) Conditions Precedent to the Right of the Company to Deliver an Issuance Notice and the Obligation of the Agents to Sell Shares. The
right of the Company to deliver an Issuance Notice hereunder is subject to the satisfaction, on the date of delivery of such Issuance Notice, and the obligation of the applicable Designated Agent to use its commercially reasonable efforts to place
Shares during the applicable period set forth in the Issuance Notice is subject to the satisfaction, on each Trading Day during the applicable period set forth in the Issuance Notice, of each of the following conditions: 

(i) Accuracy of the Companys Representations and Warranties; Performance by the Company. The Company shall have delivered the
certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section 4(p) on or before the date on which delivery of such certificate is required pursuant to Section 4(p). The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied with all covenants,
agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to such date, including, but not limited to, the covenants contained in Section 4(q), Section 4(r),
Section 4(s) and Section 4(t). 

(ii) No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or
injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby that prohibits or
directly and materially adversely affects any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and no proceeding shall have been commenced that may have the effect of prohibiting or materially adversely affecting any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. 

(iii) Material Adverse Changes. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus and the Time of Sale
Information, (a) in the judgment of the Agents there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Change; and (b) there shall not have occurred any downgrading, nor shall any notice have been given of any intended or potential downgrading
or of any review for a possible change that does not indicate the direction of the possible change, in the rating accorded any securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries by any nationally recognized statistical rating
organization as such term is defined for purposes of Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act. 

(iv) No Suspension of Trading in
or Delisting of Preferred Shares ; Other Events. The trading of the Preferred Shares (including without limitation the Shares) shall not have been suspended by the Commission, the Principal Market or FINRA and the Preferred Shares (including
without limitation the Shares) shall have been approved for listing or quotation on and shall not have been delisted from the Principal Market. There shall not have occurred (and be continuing in the case of occurrences

33 

under clauses (i) and (ii) below) any of the following: (i) trading or quotation in any of the Companys securities shall have been suspended or limited by the Commission or by the
Principal Market or trading in securities generally on the Principal Market shall have been suspended or limited, or minimum or maximum prices shall have been generally established on any of such stock exchanges by the Commission or FINRA;
(ii) a general banking moratorium shall have been declared by any federal or New York authorities; or (iii) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of national or international hostilities or any crisis or calamity, or any
change in the United States or international financial markets, or any substantial change or development involving a prospective substantial change in United States or international political, financial or economic conditions, as in the
judgment of the applicable Designated Agent is material and adverse and makes it impracticable to market the Shares in the manner and on the terms described in the Prospectus or to enforce contracts for the sale of securities. 

(b) Documents Required to be Delivered on each Issuance Notice Date. The Designated Agents obligation to use its commercially
reasonable efforts to place Shares hereunder shall additionally be conditioned upon the delivery to the Designated Agent on or before the Issuance Notice Date of a certificate in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Designated Agent,
executed by the Chief Executive Officer, President or Chief Financial Officer of the Company, to the effect that all conditions to the delivery of such Issuance Notice shall have been satisfied as at the date of such certificate (which certificate
shall not be required if the foregoing representations shall be set forth in the Issuance Notice or the certificate described in Section 4(p)). 

(c) No Misstatement or Material Omission. The Agents shall not have advised the Company that the Registration Statement, the Prospectus
or the Time of Sale Information, or any amendment or supplement thereto, contains an untrue statement of fact that in the Agents reasonable opinion is material, or omits to state a fact that in the Agents reasonable opinion is material
and is required to be stated therein or is necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. 

Section 6. Indemnification And Contribution

(a) Indemnification of the Agents. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Agent, each Agents directors,
officers, members, partners, affiliates, agents and employees, and each person, if any, who controls such Agent within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to which
such Agent or such director, officer, partner, affiliate, agent, employee or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, other federal or state statutory law or regulation, or the laws or regulations of foreign
jurisdictions where Shares have been offered or sold or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation, investigation or proceeding by any governmental agency or body, commenced or threatened), insofar as such loss, claim,
damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based upon (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment
thereto, including any information deemed to be a part thereof pursuant to Rule 430B under the Securities Act, 

34 

or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; or (ii) any untrue statement or
alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Free Writing Prospectus that the Company has used, referred to or filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the Securities Act or the Prospectus (or any amendment or
supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and to reimburse the applicable
Agent and each such director, officer, member, partner, affiliate, agent, employee and controlling person for any and all reasonable and documented expenses (including the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the
applicable Agent) as such expenses are reasonably incurred by the applicable Agent or such director, officer, member, partner, affiliate, agent, employee or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or
paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action; provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense to the extent, but only to the extent,
arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by such Agent expressly for use in the
Registration Statement, any such Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by such Agent to the Company consists of the information set
forth in subsection (b) below. The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 6(a) shall be in addition to any liabilities that the Company may otherwise have. 

(b) Indemnification of the Company, its Directors and Officers. Each Agent, severally but not jointly, agrees to indemnify and hold
harmless the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act against any loss, claim, damage,
liability or expense, as incurred, to which the Company or any such director, officer or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or other federal or state statutory law or regulation, or the laws or
regulations of foreign jurisdictions where Shares have been offered or sold or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation), insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense arises out of or is based upon
(i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment thereto, including any information deemed to be a part thereof pursuant to Rule 430B under the Securities Act, or
the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; or (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any
Free Writing Prospectus that the Company has used, referred to or filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the Securities Act, or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom
of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; but, for each of (i) and (ii) above, only to the extent arising out of or based upon any untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission 

35 

made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by such Agent expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any such Free Writing Prospectus, or the
Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by such Agent to the Company consists of the information set forth in the first sentence of the ninth paragraph under the
caption Plan of Distribution in the Prospectus, and to reimburse the Company and each such director, officer and controlling person for any and all expenses (including the fees and disbursements of one counsel chosen by the Company) as
such expenses are reasonably incurred by the Company or such officer, director or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action. The
indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 6(b) shall be in addition to any liabilities that such Agent or the Company may otherwise have. 

(c) Notifications and Other Indemnification Procedures. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 6 of
notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party under this Section 6, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof, but the
omission so to notify the indemnifying party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any indemnified party for contribution or otherwise than under the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 6 or to the extent it is
not prejudiced as a proximate result of such failure. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party and such indemnified party seeks or intends to seek indemnity from an indemnifying party, the indemnifying party will be entitled
to participate in, and, to the extent that it shall elect, jointly with all other indemnifying parties similarly notified, by written notice delivered to the indemnified party promptly after receiving the aforesaid notice from such indemnified
party, to assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party; provided, however, if the defendants in any such action include both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party and the
indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that a conflict may arise between the positions of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party in conducting the defense of any such action or that there may be legal defenses available to it
and/or other indemnified parties which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party, the indemnified party or parties shall have the right to select separate counsel to assume such legal defenses and to otherwise
participate in the defense of such action on behalf of such indemnified party or parties. Upon receipt of notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of such indemnifying partys election so to assume the defense of such action
and approval by the indemnified party of counsel, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this Section 6 for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the
defense thereof unless (i) the indemnified party shall have employed separate counsel in accordance with the proviso to the preceding sentence (it being understood, however, that the indemnifying party shall not be liable for the fees and
expenses of more than one separate counsel (together with local counsel), representing the indemnified parties who are parties to such action), which counsel (together with any local counsel) for the indemnified parties shall be selected by the
applicable Agent (in the case of counsel for the indemnified parties referred to in Section 

36 

6(a) above) or the Company (in the case of counsel for the indemnified parties referred to in Section 6(b) above), (ii) the indemnifying party shall not have employed counsel reasonably
satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party within a reasonable time after notice of commencement of the action or (iii) the indemnifying party has authorized in writing the employment of counsel for the indemnified
party at the expense of the indemnifying party, in each of which cases the fees and expenses of counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying party and shall be paid as they are incurred. 

(d) Settlements. The indemnifying party under this Section 6 shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected
without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify the indemnified party against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense by reason of such
settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel as contemplated by Section 6(c)
hereof, the indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 30 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the
aforesaid request; and (ii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed the indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the
indemnified party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of judgment in any pending or threatened action, suit or proceeding in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity was or could have
been sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless such settlement, compromise or consent includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such action, suit or proceeding.

(e) Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in this Section 6 is for any reason held to be unavailable to or
otherwise insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount paid or payable by such
indemnified party, as incurred, as a result of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the
applicable Agent, on the other hand, from the offering of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement; or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not
only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the applicable Agent, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses,
claims, damages, liabilities or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the applicable Agent, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the
Shares pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total gross proceeds from the offering of the Shares (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the total Selling Commission received
by the 

37 

applicable Agent. The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the applicable Agent, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue
or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company, on the one hand, or the applicable Agent, on the other hand, and the parties relative
intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. 

The amount paid or payable by
a party as a result of the losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 6(c), any reasonable and documented legal or other fees or expenses
incurred by such party in connection with investigating or defending any action or claim. The provisions set forth in Section 6(c) with respect to notice of commencement of any action shall apply if a claim for contribution is to be made under
this Section 6(e); provided, however, that no additional notice shall be required with respect to any action for which notice has been given under Section 6(c) for purposes of indemnification. 

The Company and each Agent agrees that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 6(e) were determined
by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 6(e). 

Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 6(e), an Agent shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the Selling
Commission received by such Agent in connection with the offering contemplated hereby. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any
person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section 6(e), each director, officer, member, partner, affiliate, agent, and employee of an Agent and each person, if any, who controls such Agent within the
meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Agent, and each director of the Company, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls
the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company. 

Section 7.
Termination & Survival 

(a) Term. Subject to the provisions of this Section 7, the term of this Agreement shall
continue from the date of this Agreement until the end of the Agency Period, unless earlier terminated by the parties to this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7. 

(b) Termination; Survival Following Termination. (i) Each Agent may terminate this Agreement, solely with respect to its rights
and obligations hereunder, and the Company may terminate this Agreement, with respect to one or more Agents, prior to the end of the Agency Period, by giving written notice as required by this Agreement, upon three (3) Trading Days notice
to the other party; provided that, (A) if the Company terminates this Agreement after an Agent confirms to the Company any sale of Shares, 

38 

the Company shall remain obligated to comply with Section 3(b)(v) with respect to such Shares and (B) Section 2, Section 6, Section 7 and Section 8 shall survive
termination of this Agreement. If termination shall occur prior to the Settlement Date for any sale of Shares, such sale shall nevertheless settle in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the termination by one
Agent of its rights and obligations under this Agreement pursuant to this Section shall not affect the rights and obligations of the other Agent under this Agreement. (ii) In addition to the survival provision of Section 7(b)(i), the
respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company, of its officers and of the Agents set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any
investigation made by or on behalf of an Agent or the Company or any of its or their partners, affiliates, officers or directors or any controlling person, as the case may be, and, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, will survive
delivery of and payment for the Shares sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement, provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, upon termination of this Agreement, the Company shall not have any liability to the Agents for any discount,
commission or other compensation with respect to any Shares not sold by the Agents under this Agreement prior to such termination. 

Section 8.
Miscellaneous 

(a) Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes. 

(i) In the event that any Agent is a Covered Entity and becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer
from such Agent of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest
and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

(ii) In the event that any Agent is a
Covered Entity and such Agent or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Agent becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Agent are permitted to be exercised to
no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

(iii) For purposes of this Section 8(a); (a) BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term
affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k), (b) Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in
accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and
interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b), (c) Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable,
and (d) U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and
the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

39 

(b) Press Releases and Disclosure. The Company may issue a press release describing
the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby as soon as practicable following the date of this Agreement, and may file with the Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K, with this Agreement
attached as an exhibit thereto, describing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the Company shall consult with the Agents prior to making such disclosures, and the parties hereto shall use all commercially reasonable
efforts, acting in good faith, to agree upon a text for such disclosures that is reasonably satisfactory to all parties hereto. No party hereto shall issue thereafter any press release or like public statement (including, without limitation, any
disclosure required in reports filed with the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act) related to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby without the prior written approval of the other parties hereto, except as may be
necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the party seeking to make disclosure to comply with the requirements of applicable law or stock exchange rules and except for the disclosure required pursuant to Section 4(a) of this
Agreement in the Companys quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or annual reports on Form 10-K. If any such press release or like public statement is so required, the
party making such disclosure shall consult with the other parties prior to making such disclosure, and the parties shall use all commercially reasonable efforts, acting in good faith, to agree upon a text for such disclosure that is reasonably
satisfactory to all parties hereto. 

(c) No Advisory or Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that
(i) the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the determination of any fees, are arms-length commercial transactions between the Company and the Agents, (ii) when acting as
principals under this Agreement, the Agents are and have been acting solely as principals and are not the agents or fiduciaries of the Company, or its stockholders, creditors, employees or any other party, (iii) the Agents have not assumed nor
will assume an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether any Agent has advised or is currently advising the Company on
other matters) and the Agents do not have any obligation to the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement, (iv) the Agents and their respective affiliates may be
engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company, and (v) the Agents have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and
the Company has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. 

40 

(d) Research Analyst Independence. The Company acknowledges that the Agents
research analysts and research departments are required to and should be independent from their respective investment banking divisions and are subject to certain regulations and internal policies, and as such an Agents research analysts may
hold views and make statements or investment recommendations and/or publish research reports with respect to the Company or the offering that differ from the views of their respective investment banking divisions. The Company understands that the
Agents are full service securities firms and as such from time to time, subject to applicable securities laws, may effect transactions for their own respective accounts or the accounts of their respective customers and hold long or short positions
in debt or equity securities of the companies that may be the subject of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(e)
Notices. All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered, faxed or e-mailed and confirmed to the parties hereto as follows: 

If to the Agents: 

TD Securities
(USA) LLC 

1 Vanderbilt Avenue 

New York, New York 10017 

Facsimile: [***] 

E-mail: [***] 

Attention: Head of Equity Capital Markets; General Counsel 

Barclays Capital Inc. 

745
Seventh Avenue 

New York, New York 10019 

Attention: Syndicate Registration 

Fax: [***] 

The Benchmark
Company, LLC 

150 East 58th Street, 17th Floor 

New York, New York 10155 

E-mail: [***] 

Attention: General Counsel 

BTIG, LLC 

65 East 55th Street

New York, New York 10022 

E-mail: [***] 

[***] 

[***] 

Attention: ECM, General Counsel 

41 

Canaccord Genuity LLC 

1 Post Office Square, Suite 3000 

Boston, Massachusetts 02109 

Attention: ECM, General Counsel 

Email: [***] 

Cantor
Fitzgerald & Co. 

110 East 59th Street, 6th floor, 

New York, New York 10022 

Attention: General Counsel, Global Head of Investment Banking 

E-mail: [***] 

[***] 

Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC 

1055 Thomas Jefferson Street NW, Suite 303 

Washington, DC 20007 

Attention:
[***] 

Email: [***] 

H.C.
Wainwright & Co., LLC 

430 Park Avenue, 3rd Floor 

New York, New York 10022 

Attention: Chief Executive Officer 

Email: [***] 

[***] 

Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. 

787 Seventh Avenue, Fourth Floor 

New York, NY 10019 

Attention:
Syndicate Department, Equity Capital Markets 

Email for notices: [***] 

Mizuho Securities USA LLC 

1271
Avenue of the Americas 

New York, New York 10020 

Attention: Equity Capital Markets 

Email: [***] 

[***] 

Santander US Capital Markets LLC 

437 Madison Avenue 

New York, NY
10022 

Fax for notices: 212-407-0930

Email for notices: [***] 

[***] 

Attention: Craig Wiele, Rob Torres 

42 

SG Americas Securities, LLC 

245 Park Avenue 

New York, New
York 10167 

E-mail: [***] 

Attention: General Counsel 

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP 

450 Lexington Avenue 

New York,
NY 10017 

Attention: Joseph A. Hall 

Dan Gibbons 

Facsimile: [***]

E-mail: [***] 

[***] 

If to the Company: 

MicroStrategy Incorporated d/b/a Strategy 

1850 Towers Crescent Plaza 

Tysons Corner, VA 22182 

Attention: General Counsel 

E-mail: [***] 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Latham & Watkins LLP 

1271 Avenue of the Americas 

New
York, NY 10020 

Attention: Greg Rodgers 

Brittany Ruiz 

Facsimile: [***]

E-mail: [***] 

[***] 

Any party hereto
may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others in accordance with this Section 8(e). 

(f) Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and to the benefit of the
employees, members, partners, affiliates, agents, officers and directors and controlling persons referred to in Section 6, and in each case their respective successors, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder. The term
successors shall not include any purchaser of the Shares as such from any Agent merely by reason of such purchase. 

43 

(g) Partial Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any Article,
Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other Article, Section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Article, Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason
determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable. 

(h) Governing Law Provisions. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of
New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed in such state. Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby may be instituted in the federal courts of the United
States of America located in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York or the courts of the State of New York in each case located in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York (collectively, the Specified Courts),
and each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction (except for proceedings instituted in regard to the enforcement of a judgment of any such court, as to which such jurisdiction is non-exclusive)
of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. Service of any process, summons, notice or document by mail to such partys address set forth above shall be effective service of process for any suit, action or other proceeding brought in
any such court. The parties irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to the laying of venue of any suit, action or other proceeding in the Specified Courts and irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to plead or claim in any
such court that any such suit, action or other proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 

(i)
General Provisions. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject
matter hereof. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument, and may be delivered via facsimile,
electronic mail (including any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or other applicable law, e.g., www. Docusign.com) or other transmission method. This Agreement may not be
amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. The Article and Section headings herein are
for the convenience of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. 

[Signature Page
Immediately Follows] 

44 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, kindly sign and
return to the Company the enclosed copies hereof, whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms. 

Very truly yours,

MICROSTRATEGY INCORPORATED

By: 

/s/ Andrew Kang

Name: Andrew Kang

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to
Sales Agreement] 

The foregoing Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted by the Agents in New York, New York
as of the date first above written. 

TD SECURITIES (USA) LLC

By: 

/s/ Michael Murphy

Name: Michael Murphy

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Sales Agreement] 

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC.

By: 

/s/ Jamie Turturici

Name: Jamie Turturici

Title: Managing Director, Head of Technology ECM

[Signature Page to
Sales Agreement] 

THE BENCHMARK COMPANY, LLC

By: 

/s/ John J. Borer III

Name: John J. Borer III

Title: Senior Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Sales Agreement] 

BTIG, LLC

By: 

/s/ Alex Alden

Name: Alex Alden

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Sales Agreement] 

CANACCORD GENUITY LLC

By: 

/s/ Jason Partenza

Name: Jason Partenza

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Sales Agreement] 

CANTOR FITZGERALD & CO.

By: 

/s/ Sameer Vasudev

Name: Sameer Vasudev

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Sales Agreement] 

COMPASS POINT RESEARCH &TRADING, LLC

By: 

/s/ Christopher Nealon

Name: Christopher Nealon

Title: President & COO

[Signature Page to
Sales Agreement] 

H.C. WAINWRIGHT & CO., LLC

By: 

/s/ Mark W. Viklund

Name: Mark W. Viklund

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to
Sales Agreement] 

KEEFE, BRUYETTE & WOODS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Paul McCaffery

Name: Paul McCaffery

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Sales Agreement] 

MIZUHO SECURITIES USA LLC

By: 

/s/ Richard Soto

Name: Richard Soto

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Sales Agreement] 

SANTANDER US CAPITAL MARKETS LLC

By: 

/s/ Craig Wiele

Name: Craig Wiele

Title: Managing Director

By: 

/s/ Conrad Rubin

Name: Conrad Rubin

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Sales Agreement] 

SG AMERICAS SECURITIES, LLC

By: 

/s/ Thomas Feuerstein

Name: Thomas Feuerstein

Title: MD ECM

[Signature Page to
Sales Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF ISSUANCE NOTICE 

[Date] 

[TD SECURITIES (USA) LLC 

1 Vanderbilt Avenue 

New York, New York 10017] 

[BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC. 

745 Seventh Avenue 

New York, New York 10019] 

[THE BENCHMARK COMPANY, LLC 

150 East 58th Street, 17th Floor

New York, New York 10155] 

[BTIG, LLC 

65 East 55th Street 

New York, New York 10022] 

[CANACCORD GENUITY LLC 

1 Post Office Square, Suite 3000 

Boston, Massachusetts 02109] 

[CANTOR FITZGERALD & CO.

110 East 59th Street, 6th Floor 

New York, New York 10022] 

[COMPASS POINT RESEARCH &
TRADING, LLC 

1055 Thomas Jefferson Street NW 

Suite 303 

Washington, DC 20007] 

[H.C. WAINWRIGHT & CO., LLC 

430 Park Avenue, 3rd Floor 

New York, New York 10022] 

[KEEFE, BRUYETTE & WOODS, INC. 

787 Seventh Ave., 4th
Floor 

New York, New York 10019] 

[MIZUHO SECURITIES USA LLC

1271 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, New York 10020] 

A-1 

[SANTANDER US CAPITAL MARKETS LLC 

437 Madison Avenue 

New York, NY 10022] 

[SG AMERICAS SECURITIES, LLC 

245 Park Avenue 

New York, New York 10167] 

A-2 

Attn: [ ] 

Reference is made to the Sales Agreement between MicroStrategy Incorporated d/b/a Strategy, a Delaware corporation (the
Company), and TD Securities (USA) LLC, [TD Securities (USA) LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., The Benchmark Company, LLC, BTIG, LLC, Canaccord Genuity LLC, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Compass Point Research & Trading,
LLC], H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Santander US Capital Markets LLC and SG Americas Securities, LLC and dated as of March 10, 2025. The Company confirms that all conditions
to the delivery of this Issuance Notice to [TD Securities (USA) LLC][Barclays Capital Inc.][The Benchmark Company, LLC][BTIG, LLC][Canaccord Genuity LLC][Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.][Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC][H.C.
Wainwright & Co., LLC][Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.][Mizuho Securities USA LLC][Santander US Capital Markets LLC][SG Americas Securities, LLC] (the Designated Agent) are satisfied as of the date hereof. 

Date of Delivery of Issuance Notice (determined pursuant to Section 3(b)(i)): 

Issuance Amount (equal to the total Sales Price for such Shares): $

Number of days in selling period: 

First date of selling period: 

Last date of selling period: 

Settlement Date(s) if other than standard T+1 settlement: 

Floor Price Limitation (in no event less than $1.00 without the prior written consent of the Designated Agent,
which consent may be withheld in the Agents sole discretion): $ per share 

Comments:

A-3 

Schedule A 

Notice Parties 

The Company 

MicroStrategy Incorporated 

1850
Towers Crescent Plaza 

Tysons Corner, VA 22182 

Attention: General Counsel 

E-mail: [***] 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Latham & Watkins LLP 

1271 Avenue of the Americas 

New
York, NY 10020 

Attention: Greg Rodgers 

Brittany Ruiz 

E-mail: [***] 

[***] 

The Agents 

TD Securities (USA) LLC 

1 Vanderbilt Avenue 

New York,
New York 10017 

Attention: General Counsel 

E-mail: [***] 

[***] 

[***] 

[***] 

A-4 

Barclays Capital Inc. 

745 Seventh Avenue 

New York, New
York 10019 

Attention: Syndicate Registration 

Fax: [***] 

The Benchmark
Company, LLC 

150 East 58th Street, 17th Floor 

New York, New York 10155 

E-mail: [***] 

Attention: General Counsel 

BTIG, LLC 

65 East 55th Street

New York, New York 10022 

E-mail: [***] 

[***] 

[***] 

Attention: ECM,
General Counsel 

Canaccord Genuity LLC 

1 Post Office Square, Suite 3000 

Boston, Massachusetts 02109 

Attention: ECM, General Counsel 

Email: [***] 

Cantor
Fitzgerald & Co. 

110 East 59th Street, 6th floor, 

New York, New York 10022 

Attention: General Counsel, Global Head of Investment Banking 

E-mail: [***] 

[***] 

A-5 

Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC 

1055 Thomas Jefferson Street NW 

Suite 303 

Washington, DC 20007

Attention: Christopher Nealon 

Email: [***] 

H.C.
Wainwright & Co., LLC 

430 Park Avenue, 3rd Floor 

New York, New York 10022 

Attention: Chief Executive Officer 

Email: [***] 

[***] 

Keefe,
Bruyette & Woods, Inc. 

787 Seventh Avenue, Fourth Floor 

New York, NY 10019 

Attention:
Syndicate Department, Equity Capital Markets 

Email for notices: [***] 

Mizuho Securities USA LLC 

1271
Avenue of the Americas 

New York, New York 10020 

Attention: Equity Capital Markets 

Email: [***] 

[***] 

Santander
US Capital Markets LLC 

437 Madison Avenue 

New York, NY 10022 

Fax for
notices: 212-407-0930

Email for notices: [***] 

[***] 

Attention: Craig Wiele,
Rob Torres 

SG Americas Securities, LLC 

245 Park Avenue 

New York, New
York 10167 

E-mail: [***] 

Attention: General Counsel 

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP 

450 Lexington Avenue 

New York,
NY 10017 

Attention: Joseph A. Hall 

A-6 

Dan Gibbons 

Facsimile: [***] 

E-mail: [***] 

[***] 

A-7 

Form of Officers Certificate Pursuant to Section 4(p) 

The undersigned, the duly qualified and elected [] of MicroStrategy Incorporated d/b/a Strategy, a Delaware corporation (the
Company), does hereby certify in such capacity and on behalf of the Company, pursuant to Section 4(p) of the Sales Agreement, dated March 10, 2025, between the Company and TD Securities (USA) LLC, Barclays Capital Inc.,
The Benchmark Company, LLC, BTIG, LLC, Canaccord Genuity LLC, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Santander US Capital Markets LLC and SG Americas Securities, LLC (the Sales Agreement), that to the knowledge of the undersigned: 

(i) The representations and warranties of the Company in Section 2 of the Sales Agreement are true and correct on and as of the date
hereof with the same force and effect as if expressly made on and as of the date hereof; provided, however that such representations and warranties are qualified by the disclosure included or incorporated by reference in the
Registration Statement and Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference therein and any supplements thereto); and 

(ii)
The Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied pursuant to the Sales Agreement at or prior to the date hereof. 

Latham & Watkins LLP, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati PC and Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP are entitled to rely on
this certificate in connection with the respective opinions such firms are rendering pursuant to the Sales Agreement. 

Capitalized terms
used herein without definition shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Sales Agreement. 

MICROSTRATEGY INCORPORATED

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date: [] 

A-8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d872184dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

1271 Avenue of the Americas

New
York, New York 10020

Tel: +1.212.906.1200 Fax: +1.212.751.4864

www.lw.com

FIRM / AFFILIATE OFFICES

Austin Milan

Beijing Munich

Boston New York

Brussels Orange County

Century City Paris

Chicago Riyadh

Dubai San Diego

March 10, 2025 Dsseldorf San Francisco

Frankfurt Seoul

Hamburg Silicon Valley

Hong Kong Singapore

Houston Tel Aviv

London Tokyo

MicroStrategy Incorporated Los Angeles Washington, D.C.

1850 Towers Crescent Plaza Madrid 

Tysons Corner, Virginia 22182 

Re: 

Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284510); Sale of up to $21,000,000,000 of Shares of 8.00% Series A Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock

To the addressee set forth above: 

We have acted as special counsel to MicroStrategy Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection
with the sale of shares (the Shares) of the Companys 8.00% Series A Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock) by the Company through
or to TD Securities (USA) LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., The Benchmark Company, LLC, BTIG, LLC, Canaccord Genuity LLC, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC, Keefe,
Bruyette & Woods, Inc., Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Santander US Capital Markets LLC and SG Americas Securities, LLC, as sales agents and/or principals, as applicable (collectively, the Agents), having an aggregate
sales price of up to $21,000,000,000, pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on January 27, 2025 (Registration No. 333-284510) (as so filed and as amended, the Registration
Statement), a base prospectus, dated January 27, 2025, included in the Registration Statement at the time it originally became effective under the Securities Act (the Base Prospectus), and a prospectus
supplement, dated March 10, 2025, filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act (the Prospectus Supplement, and, together with the Base Prospectus, the
Prospectus), and a sales agreement, dated March 10, 2025 (the Sales Agreement), among the Company and the Agents. The Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock is convertible, in
accordance with the terms of the certificate of designations, dated February 5, 2025, establishing the terms of the Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designations), into shares of the Companys
class A common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock). 

This opinion is being furnished in
connection with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, and no opinion is expressed herein as to any matter pertaining to the contents of the Registration Statement or
the Prospectus, other than as expressly stated herein with respect to the issue of the Shares and the issue of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the Shares. 

March 10, 2025 

Page
2

As such counsel, we have examined such matters of fact and questions of law as we have
considered appropriate for purposes of this letter. With your consent, we have relied upon oral and written statements and representations of officers and other representatives of the Company and others as to factual matters without having
independently verified such factual matters. We have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, including any endorsements, the legal capacity and competency of all natural persons, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the
conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as facsimile, electronic, certified or photostatic copies and the authenticity of the originals of such copies. 

We are opining herein as to the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL), and we express no opinion with respect
to the applicability to the opinions expressed herein, or the effect thereon, of any other laws or as to any matters of municipal law or the laws of any local agencies within any state. 

Subject to the foregoing and the other matters set forth herein, it is our opinion that, as of the date hereof: 

1. When the Shares have been duly registered on the books of the transfer agent and registrar therefor in the name or on behalf of the
purchasers thereof and have been issued by the Company against payment therefor in an amount not less than the par value thereof in the circumstances contemplated by the Sales Agreement, the issue and sale of the Shares will have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Company and the Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. In rendering the foregoing opinion, we have assumed that (a) the issuance,
sale and delivery of the Shares will be made in the manner set forth in, and in accordance with the terms of, the Sales Agreement; (b) the issuance and sale of the Shares will be in accordance with the express authority and approval (including,
without limitation, with respect to the price, quantity and timing of sale of the Shares) theretofore established by the Board of Directors of the Company (or one or more duly authorized committees of such Board of Directors) in accordance with the
DGCL and the Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter) and Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company; (c) the Company will comply with all applicable notice requirements regarding uncertificated
shares provided in the DGCL; and (d) upon the issuance of any Shares, the total number of shares of Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock that are issued and outstanding will not exceed the total number of shares of Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock
that the Company is then authorized to issue under the Certificate of Designations. 

2. The shares of Common Stock initially issuable upon
conversion of the Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock (the Conversion Shares) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Company and reserved for issuance upon conversion of the Perpetual Strike
Preferred Stock and, assuming issuance of the Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock on the date hereof in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designations, would be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. In rendering the foregoing opinion, we have assumed that (a) the Company will comply with all applicable 

March 10, 2025 

Page
3

notice requirements regarding uncertificated shares provided in the DGCL; (b) upon the issuance of any Conversion Shares, the total number of shares of Common Stock that are issued and
outstanding will not exceed the total number of shares of Common Stock that the Company is then authorized to issue under the Charter; and (c) that the Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock is held and converted by a single holder thereof. 

This opinion is for your benefit in connection with the Registration Statement and may be relied upon by you and by persons entitled to rely
upon it pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Securities Act. We consent to your filing this opinion as an exhibit to a Form 8-K and to the reference to our firm contained in the Prospectus Supplement
under the heading Legal Matters. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission
thereunder. 

Sincerely,

/s/ Latham & Watkins LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d872184dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Strategy Announces $21 Billion STRK At-The-Market Program

TYSONS CORNER, Va., March 10, 2025 Strategy (Nasdaq: MSTR; STRK) today
announced that it has entered into a sales agreement pursuant to which Strategy may issue and sell shares of its 8.00% series A perpetual strike preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share (the perpetual strike preferred stock), having
an aggregate offering price of up to $21.0 billion (the ATM Program). Shares of the perpetual strike preferred stock are convertible by the holders into shares of Strategys class A common stock. 

Strategy expects to make sales of perpetual strike preferred stock pursuant to the ATM Program in a disciplined manner over an extended period, taking into
account the trading price and trading volumes of the perpetual strike preferred stock at the time of sale. 

Strategy intends to use the net proceeds from
the ATM Program for general corporate purposes, including the acquisition of bitcoin and for working capital. 

The perpetual strike preferred stock,
subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, may be sold by agents by any method that is deemed an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or any other
method permitted by law, which may include negotiated transactions or block trades. 

The sale of perpetual strike preferred stock under the ATM Program is
only offered pursuant to a prospectus supplement, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10, 2025 under the existing automatic shelf registration statement, which became effective on January 27, 2025 (File No. 333-284510), and the base prospectus contained therein. 

This press release shall not constitute an offer to
sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, perpetual strike preferred stock, nor shall there be any sale of perpetual strike preferred stock in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to
registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. 

About Strategy 

MicroStrategy Incorporated d/b/a Strategy (Nasdaq: MSTR; STRK) is the worlds first and largest Bitcoin Treasury Company. We are a publicly traded company
that has adopted Bitcoin as our primary treasury reserve asset. By using proceeds from equity and debt financings, as well as cash flows from our operations, we strategically accumulate Bitcoin and advocate for its role as digital capital. Our
treasury strategy is designed to provide investors varying degrees of economic exposure to Bitcoin by offering a range of securities, including equity and fixed-income instruments. In addition, we provide industry-leading AI-powered enterprise analytics software, advancing our vision of Intelligence Everywhere. We leverage our development capabilities to explore innovation in Bitcoin applications, integrating analytics expertise with
our commitment to digital asset growth. We believe our combination of operational excellence, strategic Bitcoin reserve, and focus on technological innovation positions us as a leader in both the digital asset and enterprise analytics sectors,
offering a unique opportunity for long-term value creation. 

Strategy, MicroStrategy, and Intelligence Everywhere are either trademarks or registered trademarks of
MicroStrategy Incorporated in the United States and certain other countries. Other product and company names mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Statements in this press
release about future expectations, plans, and prospects, as well as any other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements relating to the at-the-market offering of the perpetual strike preferred stock. The
words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict,
project, should, target, will, would, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying
words. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including the uncertainties related to the sales made pursuant to the offering program, if any, market
conditions and the other factors discussed in the Risk Factors section of Strategys Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 18, 2025 and
the risks described in other filings that Strategy may make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date hereof, and Strategy specifically disclaims any
obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

Strategy 

Shirish Jajodia 

Corporate Treasurer 

ir@strategy.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>strk-20250310.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>strk-20250310_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>strk-20250310_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock [Member] 
Common Stock [Member] 

Series A Preferred Stock [Member] 
Series A Preferred Stock [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>strk-20250310_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g872184g0309032740243.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g872184g0310073922192.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g872184g0310080429979.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 10, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name MICROSTRATEGY Inc

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001050446

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 10, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-42509

Entity Tax Identification Number 51-0323571

Entity Address, Address Line One 1850 Towers Crescent Plaza

Entity Address, City or Town Tysons Corner

Entity Address, State or Province VA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 22182

City Area Code (703)

Local Phone Number 848-8600

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol MSTR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Series A Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 8.00% Series A Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share

Trading Symbol STRK

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: strk_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: strk_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
22 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://imetrix.edgar-online.com//20250310/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d872184d8k.htm 
strk-20250310.xsd 
strk-20250310_def.xml 
strk-20250310_lab.xml 
strk-20250310_pre.xml 

g872184g0309032740243.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-050411-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>d872184d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001050446 

2025-03-10 
2025-03-10 

0001050446 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-03-10 
2025-03-10 

0001050446 

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember 

2025-03-10 
2025-03-10 

MICROSTRATEGY Inc 
false 
0001050446 
8-K 
2025-03-10 
DE 
001-42509 
51-0323571 
1850 Towers Crescent Plaza 
Tysons Corner 
VA 
22182 
(703) 
848-8600 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share 
MSTR 
NASDAQ 
8.00% Series A Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share 
STRK 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>