<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001437749-25-001818.txt : 20250124
<SEC-HEADER>0001437749-25-001818.hdr.sgml : 20250124
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250124163040
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-25-001818
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250107
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250124
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250124

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ASTROTECH Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001001907
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LABORATORY ANALYTICAL INSTRUMENTS [3826]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				911273737
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34426
		FILM NUMBER:		25554580

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2105 DONLEY DR. SUITE 100
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78758
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5124859530

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2028 E. BEN WHITE BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 240-9530
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78741

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ASTROTECH Corp \WA\
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090310

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SPACEHAB INC \WA\
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951006
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>astc20250122_8ka.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K/A
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?astc20250122_8ka.htm

Form 8-K/A date of report 01-07-25true000100190700010019072025-01-072025-01-07

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K/A

(Amendment No. 1)

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): January 7, 2025

Astrotech Corporation

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 

001-34426 

91-1273737

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

2105 Donley Drive, Suite 100, Austin, Texas 

78758

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

(512) 485-9530

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share 

ASTC 

NASDAQ Stock Market, LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

EXPLANATORY NOTE

As previously disclosed, on January 7, 2025, Jaime Hinojosa resigned from the positions of Astrotech Corporation (the Company) Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, effective February 14, 2025. This Amendment No. 1 to Form 8-K (this Form 8-K/A) amends and supplements the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on January 13, 2025 (the Original Form 8-K). This Form 8-K/A is being filed to disclose a new compensation and services arrangement with Mr. Hinojosa, and the appointment of and compensation and services arrangement with Ryan Polk as the interim Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, each effective February 14, 2025. Such appointment and compensation and services arrangements had not been determined at the time of the filing of the Original Form 8-K. All other information set forth in the Original Form 8-K is otherwise unchanged. This Form 8-K/A should be read in connection with the Original Form 8-K.

Item 5.02Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Transition Agreement

On January 13, 2025, the Company filed the Original 8-K disclosing the resignation of Mr. Hinojosa from the positions of the Companys Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, effective February 14, 2025, and Mr. Hinojosas provision of transition services to the Company. In connection with such transition services, on January 21, 2025, the Company and Mr. Hinojosa entered into an independent contractor agreement (the Transition Agreement), effective February 15, 2025, setting forth the terms and conditions of such consulting arrangement.

Pursuant to the Transition Agreement, Mr. Hinojosa will provide transition services to the Company on an as needed basis beginning on February 15, 2025 and terminating on June 30, 2025, unless extended, in exchange for cash compensation in the amount of $175/hour, payable every two weeks on an as billed basis. Either party may terminate the Transition Agreement upon ten business days written notice. The Transition Agreement also requires that Mr. Hinojosa comply with certain restrictive covenants, including confidentiality, non-compete and non-solicitation covenants.

The foregoing description of the Transition Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Transition Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1.

Interim CFO Appointment and Independent Contractor Agreement

On January 14, 2025, the Company appointed Ryan Polk, 56, as interim Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company, effective as of February 14, 2025. Mr. Polk is a Corporate Financia Consultant to the Company and Managing Partner of With Finance Team LLC, which has provided corporate finance consulting services to the Company since May 2024. Mr. Polk has also served as the Chief Financial Officer of SideChannel, Inc. (OTCQB: SDCH), a cybersecurity advisory company, as a part-time employee since February 1, 2020, and is engaged in providing CEO and CFO services to other companies as a contractor through With Finance Team LLC. From January 2019 to September 2020, Mr. Polk served in Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer roles for Automated Retail Technologies, a retail kiosk developer and operator. Cellpoint Corporation, a mobile phone and parts supplier, hired Mr. Polk as Chief Financial Officer from June 2017 through October 2018. LDI, LLC, a family office investing in portfolio companies, employed Mr. Polk as Vice President, Business Unit Operations from July 2011 through May 2017. He is a graduate of Purdue University with two Bachelor of Science degrees from the Krannert School of Management. We believe Mr. Polk is qualified to serve as interim Chief Financial Officer based on his finance and leadership experience.

In connection with such appointments, on January 22, 2025, the Company entered into an independent contractor agreement with Mr. Polk (the CFO Agreement), effective February 15, 2025. Pursuant to the CFO Agreement, Mr. Polk will receive monthly cash compensation in the amount of $21,000 in exchange for a minimum 80 hours per month, or a minimum 20 hours per week for any partial month, for such services. The CFO Agreement provides that either party may terminate the CFO Agreement upon sixty calendar days written notice and requires that Mr. Polk comply with certain confidentiality covenants. The Company will also enter into its standard form of indemnification agreement with Mr. Polk, the form of which was previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 19, 2024, and a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2.

The Company and With Finance Team LLC entered into an independent contractor agreement in May 2024, pursuant to which With Finance Team LLC has received $147,000 in aggregate consulting fees from the Company for corporate finance consulting services. There are no family relationships between Mr. Polk and the Company or any of its subsidiaries that would require disclosure pursuant to Item 401(d) of Regulation S-K.

The foregoing description of the CFO Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the CFO Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.3.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On January 24, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the new compensation and services arrangement with Mr. Hinojosa, and the appointment of and compensation and services arrangement with Ryan Polk as the interim Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, effective February 14, 2025. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 8-K/A.

The information set forth under Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of such section. The information in Item 7.01 of this Current Report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any incorporation by reference language in any such filing, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. 

Description

10.1* 

Independent Contractor Agreement by and between the Company and Jaime Hinojosa, dated January 21, 2025.

10.2 

Form of Amended and Restated Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 19, 2024).

10.3* 

Independent Contractor Agreement by and between the Company and Ryan Polk, dated January 22, 2025.

99.1 

Press Release of Astrotech Corporation, dated January 24, 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Certain portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(a)(6) of Regulation S-K. The Company will provide a copy of such omitted materials to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Astrotech Corporation 

By: 

/s/ Thomas B. Pickens III 

Name: Thomas B. Pickens III 

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Technology Officer and 

Chairman of the Board 

Date: January 24, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex_769150.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
ex_769150.htm

Exhibit 10.1

Astrotech Corporation

2028 E. Ben White Blvd.

#240-9530

Austin, Texas 78741

www.astrotechcorp.com

ASTROTECH CORPORATION

INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT

This Independent Contractor Agreement (the Agreement) is entered into by and between Astrotech Corporation, a Delaware corporation(the Company), and Jaime Hinojosa (Consultant) and is effective as of February 15, 2025 (the Effective Date), with an execution date of the latest date on the signature page (the Execution Date).

1. Consulting Relationship. During the term of this Agreement set forth in Section 4, Consultant will provide consulting services (the Services) to the Company as described on ExhibitA attached to this Agreement. Consultant represents that Consultant is duly licensed (as applicable) and has the qualifications, the experience and the ability to properly perform the Services. Consultant shall use Consultants best efforts to perform the Services such that the results are satisfactory to the Company. From time to time during the course of performing the Services, either party may submit to the other party a written request for a change in the Services (a Change Request). Neither party shall be obligated by any Change Request unless agreed in writing by both parties. Consultant shall not commence work related to any Change Request until executed by both parties. Consultant expressly waives any compensation for any change not authorized in writing by Company.

2. Fees.As consideration for the Services to be provided by Consultant and other obligations, the Company shall pay to Consultant the amounts specified in Exhibit B attached to this Agreement on the terms provided therein.

3. Expenses. Consultant shall not be authorized to incur on behalf of the Company any expenses without the prior consent of the Companys Controller,which consent shall be evidenced in writing for any expenses in excess of $25.00. As a condition to receipt of reimbursement, Consultant shall be required to submit to the Company reasonable evidence that the amount involved was expended and related to Services provided under this Agreement.

4. Term and Termination. Consultant shall serve as a consultant to the Company for a period commencing on February 15, 2025, and terminating on June 30, 2025, unless extended pursuant to Section 10(a) herein.

Notwithstanding the above, either party may terminate this Agreement at any time upon ten business days written notice. In the event of such termination, Consultant shall be paid for any portion of the Services that have been performed prior to the termination.

-1-

5. Independent Contractor. Consultants relationship with the Company will be that of an independent contractor and not that of an employee.

(a) Method of Provision of Services: Consultant shall be solely responsible for determining the method, details and means of performing the Services. Consultant may employ the services of such employees, and with the prior written consent of Company such subcontractors, as Consultant deems necessary to perform the Services required by this Agreement (the Assistants). Such Assistants are not the employees of the Company and Consultant shall be wholly responsible for the professional performance of the Services by his Assistants such that the results are satisfactory to the Company. Consultant shall expressly advise the Assistants of the terms of this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement.

(b) No Authority to Bind Company. Neither Consultant, nor any partner, agent, Assistant or employee of Consultant, has authority to enter into contracts that bind the Company or create obligations on the part of the Company without the prior written authorization of the Company.

(c) No Benefits. Consultant acknowledges and agrees that Consultant (or Consultants employees, if Consultant is an entity) will not be eligible for any Company employee benefits and, to the extent Consultant (or Consultants employees, if Consultant is an entity) otherwise would be eligible for any Company employee benefits but for the express terms of this Agreement, Consultant (on behalf of itself and its employees) hereby expressly declines to participate in such Company employee benefits.

(d) Withholding; Indemnification. Consultant shall have full responsibility for applicable withholding taxes for all compensation paid to Consultant, its partners, agents or its employees under this Agreement, and for compliance with all applicable labor and employment requirements with respect to Consultants self-employment, sole proprietorship or other form of business organization, and Consultants partners, agents and employees, including state workers compensation insurance coverage requirements and any US immigration visa requirements. Consultant shall provide Company with a completed and signed most current version of IRS form W-9, which shall be attached to this Agreement as Exhibit D. Consultant understands and agrees that the Company shall, when required, issue Consultant a Form 1099. Consultant agrees to indemnify, defend and hold the Company harmless from any liability for, or assessment of, any claims or penalties with respect to such withholding taxes, labor or employment requirements, including any liability for, or assessment of, withholding taxes imposed on the Company by the relevant taxing authorities with respect to any compensation paid to Consultant or Consultants partners, agents or its employees.

6. Supervision of Consultants Services. All of the Services to be performed by Consultant, including but not limited to the Services, will be as agreed between Consultant and the Companys Controller. Consultant will be required to report to the Controller concerning the Services performed under this Agreement. The nature and frequency of these reports will be left to the discretion of the Controller. Consultant shall comply with all of the Companys written policies and procedures provided to Consultant, including the billing requirements set forth on Exhibit B.

-2-

7. Consulting or Other Services for Competitors. Consultant represents and warrants that Consultant does not presently perform or intend to perform, during the term of the Agreement, consulting or other services for, or engage in or intend to engage in an employment relationship with, companies whose businesses or proposed businesses in any way involve products or services which would be competitive with the Companys products or services, or those products or services proposed or in development by the Company during the term of the Agreement. If, however, Consultant decides to do so, Consultant agrees that, in advance of accepting such work, Consultant will promptly notify the Company in writing, specifying the organization with which Consultant proposes to consult, provide services, or become employed by and to provide information sufficient to allow the Company to determine if such work would conflict with the terms of this Agreement, including the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement, the interests of the Company or further services which the Company might request of Consultant. If the Company determines that such work conflicts with the terms of this Agreement, the Company reserves the right to terminate this Agreement immediately.

8. Confidentiality Agreement. Consultant shall sign, or has signed, a Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement substantially in the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit C (the Confidentiality Agreement) on or before the Effective Date. In the event that Consultant is an entity or otherwise will be causing Assistants in its employ or under its supervision to participate in the rendering of the Services, Consultant warrants that it shall cause each of such Assistant to sign a written agreement with Consultant in which such Assistants (i) assign to Consultant all right, title and interest in and to the Company Inventions, as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement, in order that Consultant may fully grant the rights to Company as provided therein, and (ii) agree to be bound by confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations and non-competition and non-solicitation obligations equivalent to those set forth therein.

9. Conflicts with this Agreement. Consultant represents and warrants that neither Consultant nor any of Consultants partners, employees or agents is under any pre-existing obligation in conflict or in any way inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement. Consultant represents and warrants that Consultants performance of all the terms of this Agreement will not breach any agreement to keep in confidence proprietary information acquired by Consultant in confidence or in trust prior to commencement of this Agreement. Consultant warrants that Consultant has the right to disclose and/or use all ideas, processes, techniques and other information, if any, which Consultant has gained from third parties, and which Consultant discloses to the Company or uses in the course of performance of this Agreement, without liability to such third parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Consultant agrees that Consultant shall not bundle with or incorporate into any deliveries provided to the Company herewith any third party products, ideas, processes, or other techniques, without the express, written prior approval of the Company. Consultant represents and warrants that Consultant has not granted and will not grant any rights or licenses to any intellectual property or technology that would conflict with Consultants obligations under this Agreement. Consultant will not knowingly infringe upon any copyright, patent, trade secret or other property right of any former client, employer or third party in the performance of the Services required by this Agreement.

10. Miscellaneous.

(a) Amendments and Waivers. Any term of this Agreement may be amended or waived only with the written consent of the parties. Consultant may not assign or delegate its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Company.

-3-

(b) Sole Agreement. This Agreement, including the Exhibits hereto, constitutes the sole agreement of the parties and supersedes all oral negotiations and prior writings with respect to the subject matter hereof.

(c) Notices. Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient upon receipt, when delivered personally or by courier, overnight delivery service or confirmed facsimile, 48 hours after being deposited in the regular mail as certified or registered mail (airmail if sent internationally) with postage prepaid, if such notice is addressed to the party to be notified at such partys address or facsimile number as set forth below, or as subsequently modified by written notice.

(d) Governing Law and Venue. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws. Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be commenced in a federal court in the Western District of Texas or in state court in the County of Travis, Texas, and each party hereto irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any such court in any such suit, action or proceeding.

(e) Severability. If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, then (i) such provision shall be excluded from this Agreement, (ii) the balance of the Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (iii) the balance of the Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms.

(f) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

(g) Advice of Counsel. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, IN EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT, SUCH PARTY HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO SEEK THE ADVICE OF INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL, AND HAS READ AND UNDERSTOOD ALL OF THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AGAINST ANY PARTY BY REASON OF THE DRAFTING OR PREPARATION HEREOF.

[Signature Page Follows]

-4-

The parties have executed this Agreement as of the Execution Date.

ASTROTECH CORPORATION 

By: 

/s/ Thomas B. Pickens III 

Title 

CEO 

Address 2028 E. Ben White Blvd. #240-9530 Austin, Texas 78741 

Date: January 21, 2025 

JAIME HINOJOSA 

/s/ Jaime Hinojosa 

Signature 

Address: *** 

Phone: 

Email: 

Date: January 21, 2025 

Signature Page

EXHIBIT A

DESCRIPTION OF CONSULTING SERVICES

Answering questions and providing information in the following areas related to the transition of responsibilities to Astrotech employees and independent contractors:

inventory management,

production planning,

vendor management,

business development and new customer acquisition,

customer service and account management,

facility relocation, and

accounting, and finance.

Exhibit A - Consulting Services

EXHIBIT B

COMPENSATION

For Services rendered by Consultant under this Agreement, the Company shall pay Consultant at the rate of $175 per hour, payable every two weeks.

Billing Requirements and Payment Terms

Timesheets shall be timely submitted as required by the Companys designated technical contact. The Company is responsible for ensuring charge numbers are correct and Consultant is responsible for the accuracy of all other timesheet records and associated documents (e.g. invoices).

A. 

The invoice must include the following:

1. 

Billing Rate

2. 

Total Invoiced Amount

3. 

Total hours - Invoice for hours worked only

4. 

Explanation of work performed

B. 

Mail the invoice to the address shown below:

Address: 

Astrotech Corporation

2028 E. Ben White Blvd. #240-9530

Austin, TX 78741

Attn.: Jen Canas

Or email the invoice to each of the following addresses:

ap@astrotechcorp, jcanas@astrotechcorp.com, and rpolk@astrotechcorp.com 

C. 

Payment for Services, if reasonably satisfactory to the Company, shall be due fifteen (15) days from receipt by the Company of Consultants invoice therefor.

D. 

Invoices to be submitted every two weeks.

Exhibit B Compensation

EXHIBIT C

CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND

INVENTION ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

Exhibit C Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement

Astrotech Corporation

2028 E. Ben White Blvd.

#240-9530

Austin, Texas 78741

www.astrotechcorp.com

ASTROTECH CORPORATION

CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND

INVENTION ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

Consultant Name: Jaime Hinojosa

Effective Date: February 15, 2025

Independent Contractor Agreement Dated: February 15, 2025

As a condition of my becoming retained (or my consulting relationship being continued) by Astrotech Corporation, a Delaware corporation, or any of its current or future subsidiaries, affiliates (including subsidiaries of its parent corporation), successors or assigns (collectively, the Company), and in consideration of my consulting relationship with the Company and my receipt of the compensation now and hereafter paid to me by the Company, I agree to the following:

1.Relationship. This Agreement will apply to my consulting relationship with the Company. If that relationship ends and the Company either employs me or re-engages me as a consultant, I agree that this Agreement will also apply to such later employment or consulting relationship. Any such employment or consulting relationship between the Company and me, whether commenced prior to, upon or after the date of this Agreement, is referred to herein as the Relationship.

2.Duties. I will perform for the Company such duties as may be required pursuant to my Independent Contractor Agreement with the Company referenced above (the Independent Contractor Agreement).

3.Confidential Information.

(a)Protection of Information. I agree, at all times during the term of the Relationship and thereafter, to hold in strictest confidence, and not to use, except for the benefit of the Company to the extent necessary to perform my obligations to the Company under the Relationship, and not to otherwise disclose to any person, firm, corporation or other entity, without written authorization from the Company in each instance, any Confidential Information (as defined below) that I obtain, access or create during the term of the Relationship, whether or not during working hours, until such Confidential Information becomes publicly and widely known and made generally available through no wrongful act of mine or I rightfully receive it from a third party without any obligation of confidentiality or if such disclosure is required by law. I further agree not to make copies of such Confidential Information except as authorized by the Company. I further agree to ensure that materials containing Confidential Information within my custody or possession are kept in a secure location to ensure that no unnecessary copies are made of such materials, and to exercise reasonable care to prevent unauthorized individuals from having access to such materials. I acknowledge that the Confidential Information may contain material nonpublic information. I further acknowledge I am aware of the restrictions imposed by federal and state securities laws on persons in possession of material nonpublic information, and agree that while I am in possession of any Confidential Information, I shall not purchase or sell any securities of Company or its affiliates, or communicate such Confidential Information to any third party, in violation of applicable law.

-1-

(b)Confidential Information. I understand that Confidential Information means information and physical material not generally known or available outside the Company and information and physical material entrusted to the Company in confidence by third parties. Confidential Information includes, without limitation: (i) Company Inventions (as defined below); (ii) technical data, trade secrets, know-how, research, product or service ideas or plans, software codes and designs, developments, inventions, notebooks, processes, formulas, techniques, materials, mask works, engineering designs and drawings, hardware configuration information, lists of, or information relating to, suppliers and customers (including, but not limited to, customers of the Company on whom I called or with whom I became acquainted during the Relationship), price lists, pricing methodologies, cost data, market share data, marketing plans, licenses, contract information, business plans, financial forecasts, historical financial data, budgets or other business information disclosed to me by the Company either directly or indirectly, whether in writing, electronically, orally, or by observation. Confidential Information does not include information that I can prove: (i) was already known to me at the time of first disclosure by Company, or (ii) which I lawfully learned without restriction from some source other than directly or indirectly from Company and such source had a right to disclose such information without breaching a duty of confidentiality to Company.

(c)Third Party Information. My agreements in this Section 3 are intended to be for the benefit of the Company and any third party that has entrusted information or physical material to the Company in confidence.

(d)Defend Trade Secrets Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing nondisclosure obligations, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1833(b), I shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made: (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (2) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.

(e)Other Rights. This Agreement is intended to supplement, and not to supersede, any rights the Company may have in law or equity with respect to the protection of trade secrets or confidential or proprietary information.

4.Ownership of Inventions.

(a)Inventions Retained and Licensed. I have attached hereto, as Exhibit I, a complete list describing with particularity all Inventions (as defined below) that, as of the Effective Date, are owned or controlled solely by me or jointly with others, and that relate to the services to be performed by me, and which are not assigned to the Company hereunder; or, if no such list is attached, I represent that there are no such Inventions at the time of signing this Agreement.

-2-

(b)Use or Incorporation of Inventions. If in the course of the Relationship, I use or incorporate into a product, process or machine any Invention not covered by Section 4(d) of this Agreement in which I have an interest, I will promptly so inform the Company. Whether or not I give such notice, I hereby irrevocably grant to the Company a nonexclusive, fully paid-up, royalty-free, assumable, perpetual, worldwide license, with right to transfer and to sublicense, to practice and exploit such Invention and to make, have made, copy, modify, make derivative works of, use, sell, import, and otherwise distribute under all applicable intellectual properties without restriction of any kind.

(c)Inventions. I understand that Inventions means discoveries, developments, concepts, designs, ideas, know how, improvements, inventions, trade secrets and/or original works of authorship, whether or not patentable, copyrightable or otherwise legally protectable. I understand this includes, but is not limited to, any new product, machine, article of manufacture, method, procedure, process, technique, use, equipment, device, apparatus, system, compound, formulation, composition of matter, design or configuration of any kind, or any improvement thereon. I understand that Company Inventions means any and all Inventions that I may solely or jointly author, discover, develop, conceive, or reduce to practice in the performance of my services for the Company during the period of the Relationship.

(d)Assignment of Company Inventions. I agree that I will promptly make full written disclosure to the Company, will hold in trust for the sole right and benefit of the Company, and hereby assign to the Company, or its designee, all my right, title and interest throughout the world in and to any and all Company Inventions. I hereby waive and irrevocably quitclaim to the Company or its designee any and all claims, of any nature whatsoever, that I now have or may hereafter have for infringement of any and all Company Inventions. In the event my Relationship with the Company is at any time determined to be that of an employee for the purposes of the applicable state labor code, I further acknowledge that all Company Inventions that are made by me (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of and during the period of the Relationship are works made for hire (to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law) and are compensated by my fees.

(e)Maintenance of Records. I agree to keep and maintain adequate and current written records of all Company Inventions made by me (solely or jointly with others) during the term of the Relationship. The records may be in the form of notes, sketches, drawings, flow charts, electronic data or recordings, laboratory notebooks, or any other format. The records will be available to and remain the sole property of the Company at all times. I agree not to remove such records from the Companys place of business except as expressly permitted by Company policy which may, from time to time, be revised at the sole election of the Company for the purpose of furthering the Companys business. I agree to deliver all such records (including any copies thereof) to the Companyat the time of termination of the Relationship as provided for in Sections 5 and 6.

-3-

(f)Patent and Copyright Rights. I agree to assist the Company, or its designee, at its expense, in every proper way to secure the Companys, or its designees,rights in the Company Inventions and any copyrights, patents, trademarks, mask work rights, moral rights, or other intellectual property rights relating thereto in any and all countries, including the disclosure to the Company or its designee of all pertinent information and data with respect thereto, the execution of all applications, specifications, oaths, assignments, recordations, and all other instruments which the Company or its designee shall deem necessary in order to apply for, obtain, maintain and transfer such rights, or if not transferable, waive such rights, and in order to assign and convey to the Company or its designee, and any successors, assigns and nominees the sole and exclusive right, title and interest in and to such Company Inventions, and any copyrights, patents, mask work rights or other intellectual property rights relating thereto. I further agree that my obligation to execute or cause to be executed, when it is in my power to do so, any such instrument or papers shall continue during and at all times after the end of the Relationship and until the expiration of the last such intellectual property right to expire in any country of the world. I hereby irrevocably designate and appoint the Companyand its duly authorized officers and agents as my agent and attorney-in-fact, to act for and in my behalf and stead to execute and file any such applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the application for, prosecution, issuance, maintenance or transfer of letters of patents, copyright, mask work and other registrations related to such Company Inventions. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall not be affected by my subsequent incapacity.

5.Company Property; Returning Company Documents. I acknowledge and agree that I have no expectation of privacy with respect to the Companys telecommunications, networking or information processing systems (including, without limitation, files, e-mail messages, and voice messages) and that my activity and any files or messages on or using any of those systems may be monitored at any time without notice. I further agree that any property situated on the Companys premises and owned by the Company and any computer owned by Company that I may use in connection with my duties for the Company during the Relationship, including disks and other storage media, filing cabinets or other work areas, is subject to inspection by Company personnel at any time with or without notice. I agree that, at the time of termination of the Relationship, I will deliver to the Company (and will not keep in my possession, recreate or deliver to anyone else) any and all devices, records, data, notes, reports, proposals, lists, correspondence, specifications, drawings, blueprints, sketches, laboratory notebooks, materials, flow charts, equipment, other documents or property, or reproductions of any of the aforementioned items developed by me pursuant to the Relationship or otherwise belonging to the Company, its successors or assigns.

6.Termination Certification. In the event of the termination of the Relationship, I agree to sign and deliver the Termination Certification attached hereto as ExhibitII; however, my failure to sign and deliver the Termination Certification shall in no way diminish my continuing obligations under this Agreement.

7.Notice to Third Parties. I understand and agree that the Company may notify third parties of my agreements and obligations under this Agreement.

-4-

8.Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation.

(a)Non-Competition. I agree that during the term of the Relationship, and for a period of twenty four (24) months immediately following the termination of the Relationship for any reason, whether with or without cause, I shall not either directly or indirectly, individually or as a principal, stockholder, director, partner, employee, officer, agent or consultant, engage or have any interest in any business which is directly competitive with the business of the Company in the Territory (as defined below); provided, however, it shall not be a violation of this covenant to own up to 5% of the outstanding shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or registered under the Securities Act of 1934. For purposes of this Agreement, the Territory shall mean the geographic areas in which the Company conducts business, including the State of Texas and the entire United States of America.

(b)Solicitation of Customers and Suppliers. I agree that during the term of the Relationship, and for a period of twenty four (24) months immediately following the termination of the Relationship for any reason, whether with or without cause, I shall not either directly or indirectly solicit, induce, entice or encourage any Customer or Supplier (as defined below) of the Company to become a Customer or Supplier of any other person or entity engaged in any competitive activity, or to cease doing business with the Company, and Consultant will not assist any person or entity in taking any such action. For purposes of this Agreement, a Customer of the Company means any person, corporation, partnership, trust, division, business unit, department or agency which, at the time of determination or within one (1) year prior thereto, shall be or shall have been a customer, distributor or agent of the Company or shall be or shall have been contacted by the Company for the purpose of soliciting it to become a customer, distributor or agent of the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, a Supplier of the Company means any person, corporation, partnership, trust, division, business unit, department or agency which, at the time of determination or within one (1) year prior thereto, shall be or shall have been a supplier, vendor, manufacturer or developer for any product or significant component, design or software used in any product or service of the Company. In the case of an entity with multiple divisions, departments or business units, a determination shall be made in good faith by the Board of Directors as to whether the entire entity or a specific division, department or unit is a Customer based on the nature of the relationship between the Company and the Customer.

(c)Solicitation of Employees, Consultants, and Other Parties. I agree that during the term of the Relationship, and for a period of twenty four (24) months immediately following the termination of the Relationship for any reason, whether with or without cause, I shall not either directly or indirectly solicit, induce, recruit or encourage any of the Companys employees or consultants to terminate their relationship with the Company, or attempt to solicit, induce, recruit, encourage or take away employees or consultants of the Company, either for myself or for any other person or entity

(d)Acknowledgment. I acknowledge and agree that the foregoing restrictions in this Section 8 are reasonable as to geographic area, duration, scope of activities and line of business and are reasonably necessary to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company in the Territory, including the protection of the Companys Confidential Information, as well as its relationships with its Customers and Suppliers. I further acknowledge that the Company would not have entered into this Agreement in the absence of such covenants, and that my breach or threatened breach of such covenants shall cause the Company irreparable harm and significant injury, the amount of which shall be extremely difficult to estimate and ascertain, thus, making any remedy at law or in damages inadequate. Therefore, I agree that the Company shall be entitled, without the necessity of posting of any bond or security, to the issuance of injunctive relief by any court of competent jurisdiction enjoining any breach or threatened breach of such covenants and for any other relief such court deems appropriate. This right shall be in addition to any other remedy available to the Company at law or in equity.

-5-

9.No Change to Duration of Relationship. I understand and acknowledge that this Agreement does not alter, amend or expand upon any rights I may have to continue in the consulting relationship with, or in the duration of my consulting relationship with, the Company under any existing agreements between the Company and me, including without limitation the Independent Contractor Agreement, or under applicable law.

10.Representations and Covenants.

(a)Facilitation of Agreement. I agree to execute promptly, both during and after the end of the Relationship, any proper oath, and to verify any proper document, required to carry out the terms of this Agreement, upon the Companys written request to do so.

(b)No Conflicts. I represent that my performance of all the terms of this Agreement does not and will not breach any agreement I have entered into, or will enter into, with any third party, including without limitation any agreement to keep in confidence proprietary information or materials acquired by me in confidence or in trust prior to or during the Relationship. I will not disclose to the Company or use any inventions, confidential or non-public proprietary information or material belonging to any previous client, employer or any other party. I will not induce the Company to use any inventions, confidential or non-public proprietary information, or material belonging to any previous client, employer or any other party. I agree not to enter into any written or oral agreement that conflicts with the provisions of this Agreement. I will not, during the term of the Independent Contractor Agreement, perform consulting services for or be employed by companies whose businesses involve products that are directly competitive with the Companys products.

(c)Voluntary Execution. I certify and acknowledge that I have carefully read all of the provisions of this Agreement, that I understand and have voluntarily accepted such provisions, and that I will fully and faithfully comply with such provisions.

11.General Provisions.

(a)Governing Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws.

-6-

(b)Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and me relating to its subject matter and merges all prior discussions between us. No amendment to this Agreement will be effective unless in writing signed by both parties to this Agreement. The Company shall not be deemed hereby to have waived any rights or remedies it may have in law or equity, nor to have given any authorizations or waived any of its rights under this Agreement, unless, and only to the extent, it does so by a specific writing signed by a duly authorized officer of the Company, it being understood that, even if I am an officer of the Company, I will not have authority to give any such authorizations or waivers for the Company under this Agreement without specific approval by the Board of Directors. Any subsequent change or changes in my duties, obligations, rights or compensation will not affect the validity or scope of this Agreement.

(c)Severability. If one or more of the provisions in this Agreement are deemed void or unenforceable to any extent in any context, such provisions shall nevertheless be enforced to the fullest extent allowed by law in that and other contexts, and the validity and force of the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected. In the event that any court or government agency of competent jurisdiction determines that, notwithstanding the terms of the Independent Contractor Agreement specifying my Relationship with the Company as that of an independent contractor, my provision of services to the Company is not as an independent contractor but instead as an employee under the applicable laws, then solely to the extent that such determination is applicable, references in this Agreement to the Relationship between me and the Company shall be interpreted to include an employment relationship, and this Agreement shall not be invalid and unenforceable but shall be read to the fullest extent as may be valid and enforceable under the applicable laws to carry out the intent and purpose of the Agreement.

(d)Successors and Assigns. This Agreement will be binding upon my heirs, executors, administrators and other legal representatives, and my successors and assigns, and will be for the benefit of the Company, its successors, and its assigns.

(e)Remedies. I acknowledge and agree that violation of this Agreement by me may cause the Company irreparable harm, and therefore agree that the Company will be entitled to seek extraordinary relief in court, including, but not limited to, temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions in addition to and without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that the Company may have for a breach of this Agreement.

(f)ADVICE OF COUNSEL. I ACKNOWLEDGE THAT, IN EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT, I HAVE HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO SEEK THE ADVICE OF INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL, AND I HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD ALL OF THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AGAINST ANY PARTY BY REASON OF THE DRAFTING OR PREPARATION HEREOF.

-7-

The parties have executed this Agreement on the respective dates set forth below, to be effective as of the Effective Date first above written.

COMPANY: 

CONSULTANT:

ASTROTECH CORPORATION 

JAIME HINOJOSA

By: 

/s/ Thomas B. Pickens III 

/s/ Jaime Hinojosa

(Signature)

Name:

Title: 

Thomas B. Pickens III

CEO 

Date: 

January 21, 2025 

Date: January 21, 2025

Address: 

2028 E. Ben White Blvd. #240-9530

Austin, Texas 78741 

Address: ***

SIGNATURE PAGE TO CONSULTANT CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND INVENTION ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

EXHIBIT I

LIST OF PRIOR INVENTIONS AND ORIGINAL WORKS OF AUTHORSHIP EXCLUDED UNDER SECTION4(a)

Title 

Date 

Identifying Number

or Brief Description

No inventions, improvements, or original works of authorship

LIST OF AGREEMENTS THAT MAY RESTRICT MY ACTIVITIES 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 10(b)

Counterparty 

Date 

Brief Description of

Agreement and Applicable

Restrictions

No such agreements

___ Additional sheets attached

Signature of Consultant: /s/ Jaime Hinojosa 

Print Name of Consultant: Jaime Hinojosa 

Date: January 21, 2025 

EXHIBIT I

EXHIBIT II

TERMINATION CERTIFICATION

This is to certify that I do not have in my possession, nor have I failed to return, any devices, records, data, notes, reports, proposals, lists, correspondence, specifications, drawings, blueprints, sketches, laboratory notebooks, flow charts, materials, equipment, other documents or property, or copies or reproductions of any aforementioned items belonging to Astrotech Corporation, a Delaware corporation, its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors or assigns (collectively, the Company).

I further certify that I have complied with all the terms of the Companys Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement (the "Agreement") signed by me, including the reporting of any Inventions (as defined therein), conceived or made by me (solely or jointly with others) covered by that Agreement.

I further agree that, in compliance with the Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement, I will preserve as confidential all trade secrets, confidential knowledge, data or other confidential information relating to products, processes, know-how, designs, formulas, developmental or experimental work, computer programs, data bases, other original works of authorship, customer lists, business plans, financial information or other Confidential Information as defined in Section 3(b) of the Agreement.

Date: 

(Consultants Signature) 

(Print Consultants Name) 

EXHIBIT II

EXHIBIT D

FORM W-9

Exhibit D W-9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex_769151.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
ex_769151.htm

Exhibit 10.3

Astrotech Corporation

2028 E. Ben White Blvd.

#240-9530

Austin, Texas 78741

www.astrotechcorp.com

ASTROTECH CORPORATION

INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT

This Independent Contractor Agreement (the Agreement) is entered into by and between Astrotech Corporation, a Delaware corporation(the Company), and With Finance Team LLC (Consultant) and is effective as of February 15, 2025 (the Effective Date), and the parties agree that this Agreement supersedes and terminates that certain Independent Contractor Agreement, as amended, between the Company and Consultant, dated effective May 20, 2024.

1. Consulting Relationship. During the term of this Agreement set forth in Section 4, Consultant will provide consulting services (the Services) to the Company as described on ExhibitA attached to this Agreement. Consultant represents that Consultant is duly licensed (as applicable) and has the qualifications, the experience and the ability to properly perform the Services. Consultant shall use Consultants best efforts to perform the Services such that the results are satisfactory to the Company. Consultant shall devote at least 80 hours per month to performance of the Services. For any partial month, Consultant shall devote at least 20 hours per week to the performance of the Services. From time to time during the course of performing the Services, either party may submit to the other party a written request for a change in the Services (a Change Request). Neither party shall be obligated by any Change Request unless agreed in writing by both parties. Consultant shall not commence work related to any Change Request until executed by both parties. Consultant expressly waives any compensation for any change not authorized in writing by Company.

2. Fees.As consideration for the Services to be provided by Consultant and other obligations, the Company shall pay to Consultant the amounts specified in Exhibit B attached to this Agreement on the terms provided therein.

3. Expenses. Consultant shall not be authorized to incur on behalf of the Company any expenses without the prior consent of the Companys Chief Executive Officer,which consent shall be evidenced in writing for any expenses in excess of $50.00. As a condition to receipt of reimbursement, Consultant shall be required to submit to the Company reasonable evidence that the amount involved was expended and related to Services provided under this Agreement.

4. Term and Termination. Consultant shall serve as a consultant to the Company for a period commencing on February 15, 2025, until terminated as provided herein.

Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time upon sixty (60) calendar days written notice. In the event of such termination, Consultant shall be paid for any portion of the Services that have been performed prior to the termination.

-1-

5. Independent Contractor. Consultants relationship with the Company will be that of an independent contractor and not that of an employee.

(a) Method of Provision of Services: Consultant shall be solely responsible for determining the method, details and means of performing the Services. Consultant may employ the services of such employees, and with the prior written consent of Company such subcontractors, as Consultant deems necessary to perform the Services required by this Agreement (the Assistants). Such Assistants are not the employees of the Company and Consultant shall be wholly responsible for the professional performance of the Services by his Assistants such that the results are satisfactory to the Company. Consultant shall expressly advise the Assistants of the terms of this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement.

(b) No Authority to Bind Company. Neither Consultant, nor any partner, agent, Assistant or employee of Consultant, has authority to enter into contracts that bind the Company or create obligations on the part of the Company without the prior written authorization of the Company.

(c) No Benefits. Consultant acknowledges and agrees that Consultant (or Consultants employees, if Consultant is an entity) will not be eligible for any Company employee benefits and, to the extent Consultant (or Consultants employees, if Consultant is an entity) otherwise would be eligible for any Company employee benefits but for the express terms of this Agreement, Consultant (on behalf of itself and its employees) hereby expressly declines to participate in such Company employee benefits.

(d) Withholding; Indemnification. Consultant shall have full responsibility for applicable withholding taxes for all compensation paid to Consultant, its partners, agents or its employees under this Agreement, and for compliance with all applicable labor and employment requirements with respect to Consultants self-employment, sole proprietorship or other form of business organization, and Consultants partners, agents and employees, including state workers compensation insurance coverage requirements and any US immigration visa requirements. Consultant shall provide Company with a completed and signed most current version of IRS form W-9, which shall be attached to this Agreement as Exhibit D. Consultant understands and agrees that the Company shall, when required, issue Consultant a Form 1099. Consultant agrees to indemnify, defend and hold the Company harmless from any liability for, or assessment of, any claims or penalties with respect to such withholding taxes, labor or employment requirements, including any liability for, or assessment of, withholding taxes imposed on the Company by the relevant taxing authorities with respect to any compensation paid to Consultant or Consultants partners, agents or its employees.

6. Supervision of Consultants Services. All of the Services to be performed by Consultant, including but not limited to the Services, will be as agreed between Consultant and the Companys Chief Executive Officer. Consultant will be required to report to the Chief Executive Officer concerning the Services performed under this Agreement. The nature and frequency of these reports will be left to the discretion of the Chief Executive Officer. Consultant shall comply with all of the Companys written policies and procedures provided to Consultant, including the billing requirements set forth on Exhibit B.

-2-

7. Confidentiality Agreement. Consultant shall sign, or has signed, a Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement substantially in the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit C (the Confidentiality Agreement) on or before the Effective Date. In the event that Consultant is an entity or otherwise will be causing Assistants in its employ or under its supervision to participate in the rendering of the Services, Consultant warrants that it shall cause each of such Assistant to sign a written agreement with Consultant in which such Assistants (i) assign to Consultant all right, title and interest in and to the Company Inventions, as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement, in order that Consultant may fully grant the rights to Company as provided therein, and (ii) agree to be bound by confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations equivalent to those set forth therein.

8. Conflicts with this Agreement. Consultant represents and warrants that neither Consultant nor any of Consultants partners, employees or agents is under any pre-existing obligation in conflict or in any way inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement. Consultant represents and warrants that Consultants performance of all the terms of this Agreement will not breach any agreement to keep in confidence proprietary information acquired by Consultant in confidence or in trust prior to commencement of this Agreement. Consultant warrants that Consultant has the right to disclose and/or use all ideas, processes, techniques and other information, if any, which Consultant has gained from third parties, and which Consultant discloses to the Company or uses in the course of performance of this Agreement, without liability to such third parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Consultant agrees that Consultant shall not bundle with or incorporate into any deliveries provided to the Company herewith any third party products, ideas, processes, or other techniques, without the express, written prior approval of the Company. Consultant represents and warrants that Consultant has not granted and will not grant any rights or licenses to any intellectual property or technology that would conflict with Consultants obligations under this Agreement. Consultant will not knowingly infringe upon any copyright, patent, trade secret or other property right of any former client, employer or third party in the performance of the Services required by this Agreement.

9. Miscellaneous.

(a) Amendments and Waivers. Any term of this Agreement may be amended or waived only with the written consent of the parties. Consultant may not assign or delegate its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Company.

(b) Sole Agreement. This Agreement, including the Exhibits hereto, constitutes the sole agreement of the parties and supersedes all oral negotiations and prior writings with respect to the subject matter hereof.

(c) Notices. Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient upon receipt, when delivered personally or by courier, overnight delivery service or confirmed facsimile, 48 hours after being deposited in the regular mail as certified or registered mail (airmail if sent internationally) with postage prepaid, if such notice is addressed to the party to be notified at such partys address or facsimile number as set forth below, or as subsequently modified by written notice.

-3-

(d) Governing Law and Venue. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws. Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be commenced in a federal court in the Western District of Texas or in state court in the County of Travis, Texas, and each party hereto irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any such court in any such suit, action or proceeding.

(e) Severability. If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, then (i) such provision shall be excluded from this Agreement, (ii) the balance of the Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (iii) the balance of the Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms.

(f) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

(g) Advice of Counsel. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, IN EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT, SUCH PARTY HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO SEEK THE ADVICE OF INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL, AND HAS READ AND UNDERSTOOD ALL OF THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AGAINST ANY PARTY BY REASON OF THE DRAFTING OR PREPARATION HEREOF.

[Signature Page Follows]

-4-

The parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

ASTROTECH CORPORATION 

By: 

/s/ Thomas B. Pickens III 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer 

Address: 

2028 E. Ben White Blvd.

#240-9530

Austin, Texas 78741 

WITH FINANCE TEAM LLC 

By: /s/ Ryan Polk 

Title: Managing Partner 

Address: *** 

Phone: 

Email: 

Signature Page

EXHIBIT A

DESCRIPTION OF CONSULTING SERVICES

1. 

Fulfilling the responsibilities of the following offices under the supervision of the Companys Chief Executive Officer:

Chief Financial Officer of the Company;

Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of the following Company subsidiaries:

o 

1st Detect Corporation

o 

Astrogenetix, Inc.

o 

BreathTech Corporation

o 

Astrotech Technologies, Inc.

o 

Agriculture Technology Corporation

o 

AgLAB Inc.

o 

AgLAB Remediation Company, LLC

o 

Pro-Control, Inc.

o 

En-Scan, Inc.

o 

Medikinetix, Inc.

o 

Cargo Security Center International, Inc.

2. 

Fulfilling the responsibilities of a member of the board of directors of the following Company subsidiaries:

o 

1st Detect Corporation

o 

BreathTech Corporation

o 

Astrotech Technologies, Inc.

o 

Agriculture Technology Corporation

o 

AgLAB Inc.

o 

Pro-Control, Inc.

o 

En-Scan, Inc.

o 

Medikinetix, Inc.

o 

Cargo Security Center International, Inc.

Exhibit A - Consulting Services

EXHIBIT B

COMPENSATION

For Services rendered by Consultant under this Agreement, the Company shall pay Consultant at the rate of $21,000 per month, payable at the end of each month. For any partial month of Services rendered by Consultant under this Agreement, the Company shall pay Consultant at the rate of $5,250 per week, payable at the end of each month (the Billing Rate).

Billing Requirements and Payment Terms

Timesheets shall be timely submitted as required by the Companys designated technical contact to ensure actual hours incurred by Consultant for Services are consistent with weekly and monthly minimum requirements. The Company is responsible for ensuring charge numbers are correct and Consultant is responsible for the accuracy of all other timesheet records and associated documents (e.g. invoices).

A. 

The invoice must include the following:

1. 

Billing Rate

2. 

Total Invoiced Amount

3. 

Total hours For information only, not a basis for invoicing

4. 

Explanation of work performed

B. 

Mail or e-mail the invoice to the address shown below:

Address: 

Astrotech Corporation

2028 E. Ben White Blvd. #240-9530

Austin, TX 78741

Attn.: 

Accounts Payable

ap@astrotechcorp.com

C. 

Payment for Services, if reasonably satisfactory to the Company, shall be within fifteen (15) days from receipt by the Company of Consultants invoice therefor.

D. 

Invoices to be submitted at the end of each month.

Exhibit B Compensation

EXHIBIT C

CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND

INVENTION ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

Exhibit C Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement

Astrotech Corporation

2028 E. Ben White Blvd.

#240-9530

Austin, Texas 78741

www.astrotechcorp.com

ASTROTECH CORPORATION

CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND

INVENTION ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

Consultant Name: With Finance Team LLC

Effective Date: February 15, 2025

Independent Contractor Agreement Dated: February 15, 2025

As a condition of my becoming retained (or my consulting relationship being continued) by Astrotech Corporation, a Delaware corporation, or any of its current or future subsidiaries, affiliates (including subsidiaries of its parent corporation), successors or assigns (collectively, the Company), and in consideration of my consulting relationship with the Company and my receipt of the compensation now and hereafter paid to me by the Company, I agree to the following:

1.Relationship. This Agreement will apply to my consulting relationship with the Company. If that relationship ends and the Company either employs me or re-engages me as a consultant, I agree that this Agreement will also apply to such later employment or consulting relationship. Any such employment or consulting relationship between the Company and me, whether commenced prior to, upon or after the date of this Agreement, is referred to herein as the Relationship.

2. Duties. I will perform for the Company such duties as may be required pursuant to my Independent Contractor Agreement with the Company referenced above (the Independent Contractor Agreement).

3.Confidential Information.

(a)Protection of Information. I agree, at all times during the term of the Relationship and thereafter, to hold in strictest confidence, and not to use, except for the benefit of the Company to the extent necessary to perform my obligations to the Company under the Relationship, and not to otherwise disclose to any person, firm, corporation or other entity, without written authorization from the Company in each instance, any Confidential Information (as defined below) that I obtain, access or create during the term of the Relationship, whether or not during working hours, until such Confidential Information becomes publicly and widely known and made generally available through no wrongful act of mine or I rightfully receive it from a third party without any obligation of confidentiality or if such disclosure is required by law. I further agree not to make copies of such Confidential Information except as authorized by the Company. I further agree to ensure that materials containing Confidential Information within my custody or possession are kept in a secure location to ensure that no unnecessary copies are made of such materials, and to exercise reasonable care to prevent unauthorized individuals from having access to such materials. I acknowledge that the Confidential Information may contain material nonpublic information. I further acknowledge I am aware of the restrictions imposed by federal and state securities laws on persons in possession of material nonpublic information, and agree that while I am in possession of any Confidential Information, I shall not purchase or sell any securities of Company or its affiliates, or communicate such Confidential Information to any third party, in violation of applicable law.

-1-

(b)Confidential Information. I understand that Confidential Information means information and physical material not generally known or available outside the Company and information and physical material entrusted to the Company in confidence by third parties. Confidential Information includes, without limitation: (i) Company Inventions (as defined below); (ii) technical data, trade secrets, know-how, research, product or service ideas or plans, software codes and designs, developments, inventions, notebooks, processes, formulas, techniques, materials, mask works, engineering designs and drawings, hardware configuration information, lists of, or information relating to, suppliers and customers (including, but not limited to, customers of the Company on whom I called or with whom I became acquainted during the Relationship), price lists, pricing methodologies, cost data, market share data, marketing plans, licenses, contract information, business plans, financial forecasts, historical financial data, budgets or other business information disclosed to me by the Company either directly or indirectly, whether in writing, electronically, orally, or by observation. Confidential Information does not include information that I can prove: (i) was already known to me at the time of first disclosure by Company, or (ii) which I lawfully learned without restriction from some source other than directly or indirectly from Company and such source had a right to disclose such information without breaching a duty of confidentiality to Company.

(c)Third Party Information. My agreements in this Section 3 are intended to be for the benefit of the Company and any third party that has entrusted information or physical material to the Company in confidence.

(d)Defend Trade Secrets Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing nondisclosure obligations, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1833(b), I shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made: (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (2) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.

(e)Other Rights. This Agreement is intended to supplement, and not to supersede, any rights the Company may have in law or equity with respect to the protection of trade secrets or confidential or proprietary information.

4.Ownership of Inventions.

(a)Inventions Retained and Licensed. I have attached hereto, as Exhibit I, a complete list describing with particularity all Inventions (as defined below) that, as of the Effective Date, are owned or controlled solely by me or jointly with others, and that relate to the services to be performed by me, and which are not assigned to the Company hereunder; or, if no such list is attached, I represent that there are no such Inventions at the time of signing this Agreement.

-2-

(b)Use or Incorporation of Inventions. If in the course of the Relationship, I use or incorporate into a product, process or machine any Invention not covered by Section 4(d) of this Agreement in which I have an interest, I will promptly so inform the Company. Whether or not I give such notice, I hereby irrevocably grant to the Company a nonexclusive, fully paid-up, royalty-free, assumable, perpetual, worldwide license, with right to transfer and to sublicense, to practice and exploit such Invention and to make, have made, copy, modify, make derivative works of, use, sell, import, and otherwise distribute under all applicable intellectual properties without restriction of any kind.

(c)Inventions. I understand that Inventions means discoveries, developments, concepts, designs, ideas, know how, improvements, inventions, trade secrets and/or original works of authorship, whether or not patentable, copyrightable or otherwise legally protectable. I understand this includes, but is not limited to, any new product, machine, article of manufacture, method, procedure, process, technique, use, equipment, device, apparatus, system, compound, formulation, composition of matter, design or configuration of any kind, or any improvement thereon. I understand that Company Inventions means any and all Inventions that I may solely or jointly author, discover, develop, conceive, or reduce to practice in the performance of my services for the Company during the period of the Relationship.

(d)Assignment of Company Inventions. I agree that I will promptly make full written disclosure to the Company, will hold in trust for the sole right and benefit of the Company, and hereby assign to the Company, or its designee, all my right, title and interest throughout the world in and to any and all Company Inventions. I hereby waive and irrevocably quitclaim to the Company or its designee any and all claims, of any nature whatsoever, that I now have or may hereafter have for infringement of any and all Company Inventions. In the event my Relationship with the Company is at any time determined to be that of an employee for the purposes of the applicable state labor code, I further acknowledge that all Company Inventions that are made by me (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of and during the period of the Relationship are works made for hire (to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law) and are compensated by my fees.

(e)Maintenance of Records. I agree to keep and maintain adequate and current written records of all Company Inventions made by me (solely or jointly with others) during the term of the Relationship. The records may be in the form of notes, sketches, drawings, flow charts, electronic data or recordings, laboratory notebooks, or any other format. The records will be available to and remain the sole property of the Company at all times. I agree not to remove such records from the Companys place of business except as expressly permitted by Company policy which may, from time to time, be revised at the sole election of the Company for the purpose of furthering the Companys business. I agree to deliver all such records (including any copies thereof) to the Companyat the time of termination of the Relationship as provided for in Sections 5 and 6.

-3-

(f)Patent and Copyright Rights. I agree to assist the Company, or its designee, at its expense, in every proper way to secure the Companys, or its designees,rights in the Company Inventions and any copyrights, patents, trademarks, mask work rights, moral rights, or other intellectual property rights relating thereto in any and all countries, including the disclosure to the Company or its designee of all pertinent information and data with respect thereto, the execution of all applications, specifications, oaths, assignments, recordations, and all other instruments which the Company or its designee shall deem necessary in order to apply for, obtain, maintain and transfer such rights, or if not transferable, waive such rights, and in order to assign and convey to the Company or its designee, and any successors, assigns and nominees the sole and exclusive right, title and interest in and to such Company Inventions, and any copyrights, patents, mask work rights or other intellectual property rights relating thereto. I further agree that my obligation to execute or cause to be executed, when it is in my power to do so, any such instrument or papers shall continue during and at all times after the end of the Relationship and until the expiration of the last such intellectual property right to expire in any country of the world. I hereby irrevocably designate and appoint the Companyand its duly authorized officers and agents as my agent and attorney-in-fact, to act for and in my behalf and stead to execute and file any such applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the application for, prosecution, issuance, maintenance or transfer of letters of patents, copyright, mask work and other registrations related to such Company Inventions. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall not be affected by my subsequent incapacity.

5.Company Property; Returning Company Documents. I acknowledge and agree that I have no expectation of privacy with respect to the Companys telecommunications, networking or information processing systems (including, without limitation, files, e-mail messages, and voice messages) and that my activity and any files or messages on or using any of those systems may be monitored at any time without notice. I further agree that any property situated on the Companys premises and owned by the Company and any computer owned by Company that I may use in connection with my duties for the Company during the Relationship, including disks and other storage media, filing cabinets or other work areas, is subject to inspection by Company personnel at any time with or without notice. I agree that, at the time of termination of the Relationship, I will deliver to the Company (and will not keep in my possession, recreate or deliver to anyone else) any and all devices, records, data, notes, reports, proposals, lists, correspondence, specifications, drawings, blueprints, sketches, laboratory notebooks, materials, flow charts, equipment, other documents or property, or reproductions of any of the aforementioned items developed by me pursuant to the Relationship or otherwise belonging to the Company, its successors or assigns.

6.Termination Certification. In the event of the termination of the Relationship, I agree to sign and deliver the Termination Certification attached hereto as ExhibitII; however, my failure to sign and deliver the Termination Certification shall in no way diminish my continuing obligations under this Agreement.

7.Notice to Third Parties. I understand and agree that the Company may notify third parties of my agreements and obligations under this Agreement.

8.No Change to Duration of Relationship. I understand and acknowledge that this Agreement does not alter, amend or expand upon any rights I may have to continue in the consulting relationship with, or in the duration of my consulting relationship with, the Company under any existing agreements between the Company and me, including without limitation the Independent Contractor Agreement, or under applicable law.

-4-

9.Representations and Covenants.

(a)Facilitation of Agreement. I agree to execute promptly, both during and after the end of the Relationship, any proper oath, and to verify any proper document, required to carry out the terms of this Agreement, upon the Companys written request to do so.

(b)No Conflicts. I represent that my performance of all the terms of this Agreement does not and will not breach any agreement I have entered into, or will enter into, with any third party, including without limitation any agreement to keep in confidence proprietary information or materials acquired by me in confidence or in trust prior to or during the Relationship. I will not disclose to the Company or use any inventions, confidential or non-public proprietary information or material belonging to any previous client, employer or any other party. I will not induce the Company to use any inventions, confidential or non-public proprietary information, or material belonging to any previous client, employer or any other party. I agree not to enter into any written or oral agreement that conflicts with the provisions of this Agreement.

(c)Voluntary Execution. I certify and acknowledge that I have carefully read all of the provisions of this Agreement, that I understand and have voluntarily accepted such provisions, and that I will fully and faithfully comply with such provisions.

10.General Provisions.

(a)Governing Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws.

(b)Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and me relating to its subject matter and merges all prior discussions between us. No amendment to this Agreement will be effective unless in writing signed by both parties to this Agreement. The Company shall not be deemed hereby to have waived any rights or remedies it may have in law or equity, nor to have given any authorizations or waived any of its rights under this Agreement, unless, and only to the extent, it does so by a specific writing signed by a duly authorized officer of the Company, it being understood that, even if I am an officer of the Company, I will not have authority to give any such authorizations or waivers for the Company under this Agreement without specific approval by the Board of Directors. Any subsequent change or changes in my duties, obligations, rights or compensation will not affect the validity or scope of this Agreement.

-5-

(c)Severability. If one or more of the provisions in this Agreement are deemed void or unenforceable to any extent in any context, such provisions shall nevertheless be enforced to the fullest extent allowed by law in that and other contexts, and the validity and force of the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected. In the event that any court or government agency of competent jurisdiction determines that, notwithstanding the terms of the Independent Contractor Agreement specifying my Relationship with the Company as that of an independent contractor, my provision of services to the Company is not as an independent contractor but instead as an employee under the applicable laws, then solely to the extent that such determination is applicable, references in this Agreement to the Relationship between me and the Company shall be interpreted to include an employment relationship, and this Agreement shall not be invalid and unenforceable but shall be read to the fullest extent as may be valid and enforceable under the applicable laws to carry out the intent and purpose of the Agreement.

(d)Successors and Assigns. This Agreement will be binding upon my heirs, executors, administrators and other legal representatives, and my successors and assigns, and will be for the benefit of the Company, its successors, and its assigns.

(e)Remedies. I acknowledge and agree that violation of this Agreement by me may cause the Company irreparable harm, and therefore agree that the Company will be entitled to seek extraordinary relief in court, including, but not limited to, temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions in addition to and without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that the Company may have for a breach of this Agreement.

(f)ADVICE OF COUNSEL. I ACKNOWLEDGE THAT, IN EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT, I HAVE HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO SEEK THE ADVICE OF INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL, AND I HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD ALL OF THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AGAINST ANY PARTY BY REASON OF THE DRAFTING OR PREPARATION HEREOF.

-6-

The parties have executed this Agreement on the respective dates set forth below, to be effective as of the Effective Date first above written.

COMPANY: 

CONSULTANT: 

ASTROTECH CORPORATION WITH FINANCE TEAM LLC 

By: /s/ Thomas B. Pickens III By: /s/ Ryan Polk 

Name: Thomas B. Pickens III Name: Ryan Polk 

Title: CEO Title: Managing Partner 

Date: January 21, 2025 Date: 

January 22, 2025 

Address: 

2028 E. Ben White Blvd. #240-9530

Austin, Texas 78741 

Address: 

*** 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO CONSULTANT CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND INVENTION ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

EXHIBIT I

LIST OF PRIOR INVENTIONS AND ORIGINAL WORKS OF AUTHORSHIP EXCLUDED UNDER SECTION4(a)

Title 

Date 

Identifying Number

or Brief Description

No inventions, improvements, or original works of authorship

LIST OF AGREEMENTS THAT MAY RESTRICT MY ACTIVITIES 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 9(b)

Counterparty 

Date 

Brief Description of Agreement and Applicable Restrictions

No such agreements

___ Additional sheets attached

Signature of Consultant:/s/ Ryan Polk 

Print Name of Consultant: Ryan Polk 

Date: January 22, 2025 

EXHIBIT I

EXHIBIT II

TERMINATION CERTIFICATION

This is to certify that I do not have in my possession, nor have I failed to return, any devices, records, data, notes, reports, proposals, lists, correspondence, specifications, drawings, blueprints, sketches, laboratory notebooks, flow charts, materials, equipment, other documents or property, or copies or reproductions of any aforementioned items belonging to Astrotech Corporation, a Delaware corporation, its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors or assigns (collectively, the Company).

I further certify that I have complied with all the terms of the Companys Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement (the "Agreement") signed by me, including the reporting of any Inventions (as defined therein), conceived or made by me (solely or jointly with others) covered by that Agreement.

I further agree that, in compliance with the Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement, I will preserve as confidential all trade secrets, confidential knowledge, data or other confidential information relating to products, processes, know-how, designs, formulas, developmental or experimental work, computer programs, data bases, other original works of authorship, customer lists, business plans, financial information or other Confidential Information as defined in Section 3(b) of the Agreement.

Date: 

(Consultants Signature) 

With Finance Team LLC 

(Print Consultants Name) 

EXHIBIT II

EXHIBIT D

FORM W-9

Exhibit D Form W-9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex_768918.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
ex_768918.htm

Exhibit 99.1

Jaime Hinojosa Resigns as Chief Financial Officer to Work in Family Business

AUSTIN, Texas, January 24, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Astrotech Corporation (NASDAQ: ASTC) ("Astrotech" or the "Company") announced the resignation of its Chief Financial Officer, Jaime Hinojosa, effective February 14, 2025. Mr. Hinojosa will continue to serve in the CFO role until February 14, 2025, and after that time will provide transition services to the Company on a consulting basis through June 30, 2025. In connection with this development, the Company and its Board of Directors have appointed Ryan Polk to serve as interim Chief Financial Officer.

I will be moving to Houston to be closer to family and to work for our family business, said Mr. Hinojosa. I am grateful to Tom Pickens, our Chief Executive Officer, and our Board of Directors for allowing me to serve as Astrotechs CFO. Seeing the growth of our instrument over the last ten years has been exciting and I look forward to seeing the Companys future developments.

Jaime has worked tirelessly to advance our companys mission, commented Mr. Pickens. His leadership of our financial and regulatory reporting and loyal devotion to our employees, customers and suppliers is appreciated. We wish him well and greatly appreciate his contributions. We appreciate Ryan joining our team and accepting the torch from Jaime.

Mr. Polk will assume the Companys Chief Financial Officer role effective February 14, 2025 on an interim basis. He has held Chief Financial Officer positions at both public and private entities and brings experience in scaling companies through both organic growth and acquisition.

About Astrotech Corporation

Astrotech (Nasdaq: ASTC) is a mass spectrometry company that launches, manages and commercializes scalable companies based on its innovative core technology through its wholly owned subsidiaries. 1st Detect develops, manufactures, and sells trace detectors for use in the security and detection market. AgLAB develops and sells chemical analyzers for use in the agriculture market. Pro-Control is developing mass spectrometry technology for use in chemical manufacturing processes. BreathTech is developing a breath analysis tool to screen for volatile organic compounds that could indicate infections or critical conditions. Astrotech is headquartered in Austin, Texas. For information, please visit www.astrotechcorp.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements that are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, trends, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to be materially different from the forward-looking statement. These factors include, but are not limited to, the adverse impact of inflationary pressures, including significant increases in fuel costs, global economic conditions and events related to these conditions, including the ongoing wars in Ukraine and the Middle East and the COVID-19 pandemic, the Companys use of proceeds from the common stock offerings, whether we can successfully complete the development of our new products and proprietary technologies, whether we can obtain the FDA and other regulatory approvals required to market our products under development in the United States or abroad, whether the market will accept our products and services and whether we are successful in identifying, completing and integrating acquisitions, as well as other risk factors and business considerations described in the Companys Securities and Exchange Commission filings including the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any forward-looking statements in this document should be evaluated in light of these important risk factors. While we do not intend to directly harvest, manufacture, distribute or sell cannabis or cannabis products, we may be detrimentally affected by a change in enforcement by federal or state governments and we may be subject to additional risks in connection with the evolving regulatory area and associated uncertainties. Any such effects may give rise to risks and uncertainties that are currently unknown or amplify others mentioned herein. Although the Company believes the expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable and are based on reasonable assumptions, no assurance can be given that these assumptions are accurate or that any of these expectations will be achieved (in full or at all) or will prove to have been correct. Moreover, such statements are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those implied or expressed by the forward-looking statements. In addition, any forward-looking statements included in this press release represent the Companys views only as of the date of its publication and should not be relied upon as representing its views as of any subsequent date. The Company assumes no obligation to correct or update these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law.

Contact:

Ryan Polk

Astrotech Corporation

(512) 485-9530

https://www.astrotechcorp.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>astc-20250107.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:presentationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>astc-20250107_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>astc-20250107_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity [Domain] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Information [Table] 

Document, Type 

Document, Period End Date 

Entity, Registrant Name 

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity, File Number 

Entity, Tax Identification Number 

Entity, Address, Address Line One 

Entity, Address, City or Town 

Entity, Address, State or Province 

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Entity, Emerging Growth Company 

Amendment Description 

Amendment Flag 

Entity, Central Index Key
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>astc-20250107_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>astc20250122_8kaimg001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>smlogo01.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document And Entity Information

Jan. 07, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity, Registrant Name Astrotech Corporation

Document, Type 8-K/A

Document, Period End Date Jan. 07, 2025

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity, File Number 001-34426

Entity, Tax Identification Number 91-1273737

Entity, Address, Address Line One 2105 Donley Drive, Suite 100

Entity, Address, City or Town Austin

Entity, Address, State or Province TX

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 78758

City Area Code 512

Local Phone Number 485-9530

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol ASTC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity, Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Description Form 8-K/A date of report 01-07-25

Amendment Flag true

Entity, Central Index Key 0001001907

X

- Definition

Description of changes contained within amended document.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentDescription

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.astc.com/20250107/role/statement-document-and-entity-information 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

astc-20250107.xsd 
astc-20250107_def.xml 
astc-20250107_lab.xml 
astc-20250107_pre.xml 
astc20250122_8ka.htm 

astc20250122_8kaimg001.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001437749-25-001818-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>astc20250122_8ka_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001001907 

2025-01-07 
2025-01-07 

Form 8-K/A date of report 01-07-25 
true 
0001001907 
8-K/A 
2025-01-07 
Astrotech Corporation 
DE 
001-34426 
91-1273737 
2105 Donley Drive, Suite 100 
Austin 
TX 
78758 
512 
485-9530 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
ASTC 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>