<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-055193.txt : 20250317
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-055193.hdr.sgml : 20250317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250317070029
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-055193
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250314
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MRC GLOBAL INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001439095
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [5084]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				205956993
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35479
		FILM NUMBER:		25742316

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FULBRIGHT TOWER
		STREET 2:		1301 MCKINNEY STREET, SUITE 2300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877.294.7574

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FULBRIGHT TOWER
		STREET 2:		1301 MCKINNEY STREET, SUITE 2300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MCJUNKIN RED MAN HOLDING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080702
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d729501d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000143909500014390952025-03-142025-03-14

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 14, 2025

MRC GLOBAL INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-35479 20-5956993

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

1301 McKinney Street, Suite 2300

Houston, Texas77010

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (877)294-7574

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 MRC New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 2.02 

Results of Operations and Financial Condition

To the extent applicable, the information set forth in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD Disclosure

On March 14, 2024, MRC Global Inc. (MRC Global or the Company) held a conference call at 10:00 a.m. ET (the Earnings Call) to discuss the financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2024. A copy of the call transcript (Earnings Call Transcript) is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The information set forth in Item 7.01 of this Form 8-K shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific references in such a filing. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events

On March 14, 2025, MRC Global Inc. (the Company) sold its Canadian operations to Emco Corporation through its subsidiary, MRC Global (Canada) ULC. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) 

Exhibits.

99.1 Earnings Call Transcript, dated March 14, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File The cover page XBRL tags from this Current Report on Form 8-K are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

99.1 Earnings Call Transcript, dated March 14, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File The cover page XBRL tags from this Current Report on Form 8-K are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

3 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 17, 2025 

MRC GLOBAL INC.

By: 

/s/ Kelly Youngblood

Kelly Youngblood

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d729501dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

MRC Global Inc. 

Q4 and Full Year 2024
Earnings Call 

March 14, 2025 

Company Participants

Kelly Youngblood, Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 

Monica Broughton, Vice President of Investor Relations & Treasury 

Rob Saltiel, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Q&A Participants 

Chris Dankert, Analyst, Loop Capital Markets 

Josh Jayne, Analyst, Daniel Energy Partners 

Nathan Jones, Analyst, Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc. 

Operator 

Greetings, and welcome to MRC Globals Fourth Quarter 2024
Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are on a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator
Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Monica Broughton. Thank you. You may
begin. 

Monica Broughton 

Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to the MRC
Global Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Conference Call and Webcast. We appreciate you joining us. 

On the call today we have Rob Saltiel, President and CEO; and
Kelly Youngblood, Executive Vice President and CFO. 

There will be a replay of todays call available by webcast on our website, mrcglobal.com, as well as by
phone until March 28, 2025. The dial-in information is in the release. 

Please note that the information reported on
this call speaks only as of today, March 14, 2025, and therefore, you are advised that information may no longer be accurate as of the time of replay. 

In our
call today, we will discuss various non-GAAP measures. You are encouraged to read our earnings release and securities filings to learn more about our use of these
non-GAAP measures and to see a reconciliation of these measures to the related GAAP items, all of which can be found on our website. 

Unless we specifically state otherwise, references in this call to EBITDA refer to adjusted EBITDA. 

In addition, the comments made by the management of MRC Global during this call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the United States federal
securities laws. These forward-looking statements reflect the current views of the management of MRC Global. However, actual results could differ materially from those expressed today. You are encouraged to read the companys SEC filings for a
more in-depth review of the risk factors concerning these forward-looking statements. 

As a result of the recent announcement related to the sale of our Canada business, Canada results have been
reclassified to discontinued operations. Our comments today will reflect revenue and profitability from continuing operations only unless otherwise stated. 

And
now, I would like to turn the call over to our CEO, Mr. Rob Saltiel. 

Rob Saltiel 

Thank you, Monica. Good morning, and welcome to everyone joining todays call. 

I will begin with addressing the reason for delaying our earnings release before providing an overview of our strategic accomplishments and financial highlights from
2024, followed by current thoughts on our 2025 outlook. Kelly will provide a detailed review of the quarter and guidance before I deliver a brief recap. 

As we were
in the final stages of closing our books for the year, we detected two out of our more than 100 locations in North America, where inventory cycle count information was not being entered into our system in accordance with our internal controls. Since
this non-compliance was detected very late in the year, we decided to perform physical counts at the majority of our service centers and all seven of our North America regional distribution centers to validate
that our inventory balances were correctly stated in our financial statements. Our team members performed heroically, in counting over $400 million of North America inventory over four weekends in February. The conclusion from this effort was
that no adjustments were made to either our book inventory levels or to our income statement for the fourth quarter, and there are no restatements required for any prior financial reporting periods. We have initiated a remediation plan to ensure
that this never happens again. 

Turning now to more positive thoughts, 2024 was definitely a pivotal year for our company with many accomplishments that position us
to achieve higher revenue growth, improved profitability and attractive shareholder returns. I am very pleased with the successful execution of several strategic actions as follows. 

First, we simplified our capital structure in late October by repurchasing our convertible preferred shares with proceeds from a new Term Loan B that matures in 2031.
This action not only eliminated potential equity dilution from the preferred shares being converted, but is also expected to be accretive to both cash generation and earnings in 2025 and beyond. In conjunction with the new term loan, we extended our
asset-based lending facility maturity to 2029, providing us with plenty of liquidity, runway and flexibility. This was negotiated at favorable terms and significantly derisks our exposure to credit markets going forward. 

In December, we announced the sale of our Canada business, allowing us to focus on our key geographies with the strongest revenue growth and profit potential. We expect
to close the sale this month and use the proceeds to reduce debt. Furthermore, this divestiture is expected to be accretive to our overall company profitability and margins. In early January of this year, we announced a $125 million share
buyback program, which reflects our confidence in the companys future and the financial flexibility that we now enjoy through the strengthening of our balance sheet over the past few years. 

Our three-pronged capital allocation strategy consists of targeting a net debt leverage ratio of less than 1.5 times, which we expect to achieve by the end of this
year, returning cash to shareholders and investing in our companys future growth. 

And finally, we initiated several new growth initiatives and originated or extended several strategic supply
agreements with key customers. Our ability to delight our customers through superior service, quality products, ample inventory and competitive pricing is industry leading. It has manifested through our many years of serving our customers in all
three of our business sectors and our ability to pursue new business opportunities with a compelling value proposition. 

Turning now to our key financial highlights
from 2024, Im extremely pleased that we generated $268 million of operating cash flow from continuing operations for the full year, which is one of the highest amounts ever achieved by our company, due in large part to the significant
progress weve made in improving our working capital efficiency. Our ability to generate strong operating cash flows across the business cycle has underpinned our confidence to initiate our share buyback program. 

For the third year in a row, we achieved annual adjusted gross profit margins exceeding 21%, a trend that has driven a step change in our financial performance. We
continue to focus on products and services where we can add the most value for our customers, which is manifested through higher gross margins. 

Our international
segment maintained its strong momentum as an increasingly significant contributor to our companys financials, with revenue growing 14% in 2024, the second consecutive year of double-digit growth. We enjoy an advantaged position in select
European and Asia-Pacific markets through our service to longtime MRO customers coupled with robust project-related activity in the DIET and PTI sectors. We expect 2025 to be another strong year for our international business, supported by a robust
$254 million international backlog entering this year. 

For the full year 2024, we achieved adjusted EBITDA of $202 million, representing 6.7% of sales.
The EBITDA decline compared to 2023 was driven by lower revenue in our US segment, particularly in the second half of the year as a result of project timing delays and a year-end pullback in spending that was
more pronounced than the seasonality we usually experience in the fourth quarter. We believe this weakness was due to multiple factors that are temporal in nature, including the uncertain investment environment around national elections, continued
digestion of recent acquisitions by domestic E&P customers and the final throes of destocking for certain of our gas utilities customers. 

As we transition into
2025, we are increasingly optimistic about returning to growth this year. As a result, we are currently projecting a low to upper single-digit percentage revenue increase as compared to 2024. This year is already off to a promising start, which I
will describe more fully. And our optimism is underpinned by four factors: First, improving fundamentals in our gas utilities business. Second, a return to an inflationary environment for our products. Third, a strong outlook for the midstream
natural gas space. And fourth, our key growth initiatives that should bear fruit as we move through 2025. I will discuss each of these drivers in turn. 

After two
challenging years, we are finally seeing clear signs of improvement in our gas utilities sector, our largest sector by revenue. The inventory destocking cycle has finally run its course as inventory levels helped by our customers have returned to
normal levels. After two years of fairly lackluster investment in replacing natural gas infrastructure, our major customers are expecting to spend significantly more in replacement CapEx this year, driven by regulatory requirements and safety
considerations. In addition, several of our largest customers are located in faster growing economic areas, where new natural gas infrastructure is required for residential, commercial and industrial applications. And this expected growth in gas
utilities is not just a 2025 phenomenon. Based on industry sources, we expect the annual growth rates and capital expenditures for natural gas utilities that we serve to range from 4% to 6% over the next five years, setting us up nicely to return to
stronger consistent growth through the end of this decade. 

The second driver for revenue growth this year is that after two years of flat to declining price levels across our
major product categories, we expect to see inflation return to the PVF business this year. The application of tariffs on imported products not only increases the cost of those products, but it provides an impetus for competing US manufacturers to
increase their pricing due to the protection afforded by the tariffs. Due to the Section 232 tariffs on non-valve steel and aluminum imports from every country, we have seen domestic steel prices rise
significantly, which has had a direct impact on the prices of line pipe and carbon steel fittings and flanges. 

Barring a slowdown in the overall economy and absent
any pullback on announced tariffs, we expect the current price levels to stick. We have previously communicated that inflation is generally a positive for our business. We have pass-through mechanisms with our contract customers that allow periodic
updates to our product prices. And the majority of our product sales are based on cost plus formulas that align our pricing with market conditions. 

A
third driver for growth this year is the improving commercial and regulatory environment for natural gas related projects in the US. We are bullish on the role that natural gas will play as a primary fuel for electrification to support reshored
manufacturing, transportation mobility and artificial intelligence applications. Our major midstream customers have announced significant investment growth in natural gas infrastructure projects, aided by what is expected to be a more favorable and
streamlined regulatory approval process under the current administration. The end of the pause on LNG project approvals creates additional opportunities for gas gathering, processing and transmission, as well as participation in the LNG conversion
process itself. The opportunity to monetize the vast natural gas resources in the US oil field offers our country a competitive cost advantage that the current administration is keen to exploit. 

We know the capital discipline and industry consolidation will remain important themes among major oil and gas producers, but MRC Globals ability to serve larger
customers who are less reactive to commodity prices and who have more stringent requirements for quality products, high service levels, systems integration and geographic coverage, plays to our strengths and positions us to gain share in the PTI
space. 

A fourth driver for our growth is several key initiatives we have undertaken that will make increasing contributions to our 2025 revenues. We have spoken
previously about our focus on growing our chemicals business, and this continues to be a bright spot for us. Our US chemicals backlog at the end of February 2025 is significantly higher than the same time last year, and we expect revenues this year
to be up high-single-digits over 2024. We have expanded our presence in the US mining sector by opening a new service center in Arizona in 2024 and significantly increasing our sales and marketing efforts across the Western US. We expect this
business to grow at a compound annual rate of approximately 10% over the next three to five years. 

Weve also recently expanded our product offerings to
include commercial grade PVF products used in the cooling systems for data centers. Although we have only been focusing on this exciting high-growth business for less than six months, we have already secured commitments of more than $10 million
in sales to date and we have many large revenue opportunities in the data center pipeline. 

One of our most exciting growth prospects for 2025 is our IMTEC joint venture which we are announcing on todays
call. Among other services, IMTEC will incorporate automatic meter reading technology onto natural gas meters to allow for the wireless transmission of gas usage data from the meter to the utility. This assembly step in the smart meter development
process has been cumbersome for utilities and manufacturers alike, and it opens up a strong avenue to increase our gas meter sales by tens of millions of dollars, where we currently have relatively low penetration versus our other gas products. Our
partner in this joint venture understands the technical requirements for smart meters through previous OEM experience and also qualifies the JV as a diverse supplier to purchasing utilities who are often subject to state level Public Utility
Commission diversity contracting goals. We have pre-marketed our service offering to our major customers and expect a strong reception. 

I mentioned previously that we were off to a good start this year, so let me share some of these early results. We have seen our average daily intake or bookings through
mid March increase 11% compared to the fourth quarter 2024 average. In addition, our total backlog in the same period is also up 11% compared to year-end, with all three business sectors increasing. First
quarter revenue is expected to improve by a low-single-digit percentage compared to the fourth quarter, but the building backlog and increasing intake levels give us confidence that we will see stronger
double-digit sequential growth to materialize in the second quarter. 

In closing, we begin 2025 with an improving business climate and a simplified and strengthened
balance sheet. Our focus is on returning to revenue growth in 2025 by expanding our market presence in our existing business lines, while pursuing higher growth opportunities, including data centers, chemicals and mining. We remain committed to
generating significant operating cash flow across the business cycle. This cash generation capability, along with our improved capital structure, provides us with significant flexibility to further reduce our leverage, return cash to shareholders
and invest in growth initiatives for our future. 

And with that, I will now hand it over to Kelly. 

Kelly Youngblood 

Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. 

My comments today will be primarily focused on sequential results comparing the fourth quarter of 2024 to the third quarter of 2024, unless otherwise stated. Also as
mentioned by Monica, our Canada results are now reflected in discontinued operations. So unless stated otherwise, my comments will be referring to the companys financial results from continuing operations. 

Total company sales for the fourth quarter were $664 million, a 14% sequential decrease and 10% lower than the same quarter a year ago. From a sector perspective,
gas utility sales were $253 million in the fourth quarter, a $40 million or 14% decline. The decline was primarily driven by reduced customer activity resulting from higher than normal fourth quarter seasonality and delayed spending that
is expected to materialize in 2025. 

As we said, coming into 2024, this was anticipated to be a transitional period for our gas utility customers due to destocking
and reduced project activity. However, we are now encouraged to see increases in new order intake and backlog to date in 2025. Also noteworthy are recent capital spending projections for the gas utility market reflecting mid-single-digit increases in spend for not only 2025, but for the next five years as well. 

The DIET sector fourth quarter
revenue was $208 million, a decrease of $31 million or 13%, primarily due to the timing of project deliveries and turnaround activity declines at the end of the year. We expect projects and turnaround activity to pick up significantly in
2025, supported by year-to-date increases in our backlog. 

PTI sector revenue for the fourth quarter was $203 million, a decrease of $36 million or 15% due to reduced
upstream activity and a more pronounced year-end seasonal pullback. 

From a geographic segment perspective, US revenue was
$542 million in the fourth quarter, a $102 million or 16% decrease from the previous quarter. And as Rob previously mentioned, we expect to return to growth in 2025 for our US business, driven by the growth initiatives that he outlined.

International revenue was $122 million in the fourth quarter, down $5 million or 4% from lower turnaround activity and timing of project deliveries. Our
international business had another impressive year with a 14% year-on-year revenue growth in 2024, the second year in a row with double-digit growth. And the outlook for
the international segment remains positive with expectations for solid revenue growth in 2025 as well. 

Now turning to margins. Adjusted gross profit for the fourth
quarter was $146 million or 22.0% compared to $163 million or 21.1% in the third quarter. The 90 basis point improvement is largely due to favorable product mix and also notable is the positive impact to adjusted gross profit due to the
removal of Canadas results. The margin improvement for the full year 2024 related to the Canada divestment was approximately 30 to 40 basis points. 

Reported
SG&A for the fourth quarter was $123 million or 18.5% of sales as compared to $120 million or 15.6% for the third quarter. Adjusted SG&A for the fourth quarter 2024 was $119 million, slightly lower than the third
quarters $120 million, reflecting our commitment to cost discipline and optimization initiatives undertaken this year. 

Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth
quarter was $32 million or 4.8% of sales. We achieved an adjusted EBITDA for the full year of $202 million or 6.7%. This performance demonstrates our operational resilience despite market headwinds in the second half of the year. 

Tax expense in the fourth quarter was $4 million as compared to $3 million of expense in the third quarter. The fourth quarter taxes were primarily impacted
by currency exchange gains related to an intercompany debt restructuring project and lower pre-tax income for the quarter. 

For the fourth quarter, net loss from continuing operations was $1 million or $0.14 per diluted share as compared to net income from continuing operations of
$29 million or $0.27 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2024. Adjusted net income from continuing operations was $4 million and $25 million for the fourth quarter and third quarters of 2024, respectively. 

Our capital expenditures came in a little lower than we had expected at $28 million due to capital spending related to our ERP project shifting from 2024 into
2025. In the fourth quarter, we generated $73 million in cash flow from continuing operations. We also had an exceptional cash flow performance for the full year of 2024, with operating cash flow from continuing operations reaching
$268 million, our highest level in years and greatly exceeding our original annual target of $200 million. Working capital efficiency this quarter exceeded expectations with a record low 11.2% net working capital to sales ratio. Both
inventory reductions and strong cash collections during the quarter contributed to this exceptional result. 

Moving to liquidity and our capital structure. During
the fourth quarter, we made significant changes to our capital structure to provide a stable platform to grow our business and return cash to shareholders. We entered into a new $350 million Senior Secured Term Loan B with a 2031 maturity, with
the proceeds used to repurchase all of the convertible preferred shares at a slight discount. This action eliminated potential equity dilution concerns from conversion of the preferred shares into common shares and it also eliminated the
$24 million in non-tax deductible preferred dividends that were paid each year. We were able to implement this new simplified capital structure with terms that are expected to be accretive to both cash
generation and earnings in 2025 and beyond. 

In conjunction with our term loan launch, Moodys upgraded our corporate family rating one notch from B2 to B1
with a stable outlook, a clear validation of our improving financial strength reflecting our moderate leverage, ample interest coverage and outstanding operating performance. Additionally, S&P Global affirmed our B rating with a stable outlook,
specifically highlighting our recent preferred equity repurchase as leverage neutral and beneficial for our financial flexibility. 

Another big achievement was
successfully amending our asset-based lending facility, extending its maturity to 2029 with a committed borrowing capacity of $750 million. The facility maintains the highly competitive borrowing rates of our previous facility, and this
extension complements our Term Loan B and substantially strengthens and derisks our capital structure by reducing our exposure to capital markets. 

We finished the
year with strong liquidity of $523 million, including $460 million of availability on our ABL and $63 million of cash at year-end. Our leverage ratio based on net debt of $324 million was
1.6 times. And our total net balance was debt balance was $387 million. We believe we are on track to achieve our target leverage ratio of 1.5 times or lower by the end of 2025, while also allowing us to return cash to shareholders and maintain
strong credit metrics. 

Now Ill cover our outlook. Looking ahead to 2025, we expect low to upper single-digit revenue growth for the total company. We are
also currently forecasting all three business sectors to deliver revenue increases this year, with each sector experiencing growth at a similar range as the total company. 

We are also targeting the following key metrics for 2025. First, we expect to generate operating cash flow of at least $100 million, maintaining our strong cash
generation profile. Our adjusted gross margin is projected to average approximately 21%. We anticipate adjusted SG&A expenses to range between 15% to 16% of total revenue, as we maintain operational discipline while supporting growth
initiatives. 

Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $45 million for the year, elevated from our normal levels as we expect to go live with our
ERP implementation in the second half of this year. Post implementation, we expect our annual CapEx to return to the historic run rate of approximately $15 million. We are on budget and on schedule with the ERP project and are very excited
about the benefits it is expected to yield. 

We expect our effective tax rate in 2025 to be in the range of 26% to 28%. And we expect first quarter revenue to be up
low-single-digits compared sequentially to the fourth quarter, but we believe we will have a strong double-digit improvement in revenue in the second quarter based on the current trends we are seeing in our
backlog and intake that are very encouraging. We would then expect the typical cadence in revenues with the third quarter is our strongest quarter of the year, followed by a seasonal decline in the fourth quarter. 

Reported SG&A in the first quarter is expected to be slightly elevated compared to the fourth quarter due to the typical increase at the beginning of the year in
employee-related taxes and benefits and elevated expenses related to our delayed filing. 

Finally, we remain committed to achieving our target net debt leverage
ratio of 1.5 times before year-end 2025. This disciplined approach to balance sheet management, combined with our strong cash flow generation, will enable us to begin executing this year on our
$125 million share repurchase program that we announced in early January, while also maintaining ample financial flexibility for future growth opportunities. 

Our focus on operational excellence and strategic positioning in our growing markets, coupled with our strengthened
capital structure, gives us confidence in our ability to achieve these targets. 

And with that, Ill turn it back over to Rob. 

Rob Saltiel 

Thanks, Kelly. 

As we conclude todays call, I want to emphasize the significant progress weve made in positioning MRC Global for sustained success. 2024 was transformative
for our capital structure by simplifying and strengthening our balance sheet and creating a more efficient and flexible financial foundation. We generated $268 million in operating cash flow from continuing operations, the highest in many
years, as we continue to achieve high gross margins on our sales and improve our working capital efficiency. The strategic decision to divest our Canada operations further enhances our margin profile and allows us to focus resources on our highest
growth opportunities. 

For 2025, we see encouraging signs of growth across all business sectors, driven by four factors that include: improving fundamentals for gas
utilities; product price inflation; a bullish natural gas midstream outlook; and several key growth initiatives already bearing fruit. We expect to maintain adjusted gross margins of approximately 21%. We further expect to generate at least
$100 million in operating cash flow. Our three-pronged capital allocation strategy includes our commitment to a strong balance sheet, our new $125 million share repurchase program and several growth initiatives. 

2025 has started well with strong momentum. And we are well positioned to deliver value for our shareholders while maintaining our industry leadership position. 

And with that, we will now take your questions. Operator? 

Questions And Answers

Operator 

Thank you. At this time well be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Nathan Jones with Stifel. Please proceed with your question. 

Q - Nathan Jones 

Good morning, everyone. 

A - Rob Saltiel 

Hey. Good morning, Nathan. 

A - Kelly Youngblood 

Good morning, Nathan. 

Q - Nathan Jones 

I guess
Ill start with a question around revenue. Fourth quarter was a bit below expectations and the first quarter is kind of seasonally in line with the 4Q to 1Q normal progression. So again, a bit low, I guess. And so the revenue guidance really
hinges on that step-up from 1Q to 2Q. And I know you talked about better order rate and a building backlog in the first quarter, but Im hoping you could just go into a bit more detail on where
youre seeing that strength, what gives you confidence in the sustainability of that strength that will then carry through into the back half of the year? 

A - Rob Saltiel 

Yes. Thanks, Nathan. Ill start this off and see if
Kelly has anything to add. But clearly, what really drove our weakness last year was the US segment. And as we said in our prepared comments, were really off to a strong start this year. In the US segment alone, were up about 19% in
backlog where we sit today relative to year-end. And that is just a really tremendous increase. But it also really points out how we were struggling to book business at the end of the last year, and I gave the
reasons for that in our prepared comments. 

But we really are seeing strength across all three of our sectors in the US segment, and we expect to continue to see
our backlog grow as we go through the year. Were getting a lot of positive signals from customers. And as we talked about the drivers for our business, were through the destocking on the gas utilities finally, which is really making us
very excited about this year relative to the last couple years for that sector. The tariffs situation and the inflation thats accompanied that is giving us some real optimism for additional revenue and gross margins, certainly against average
cost that will support the business going forward. And then the whole bullishness around the midstream space and the monetization of natural gas assets in the US has been extremely exciting and were already seeing a lot of opportunities and
activity in that midstream space. And then as I also mentioned, the chemicals, the mining and the data center businesses that were working on are all showing additional signs of growth. 

So the year is going to start off a little slower in terms of the relative increases, just because the first quarter is somewhat determined by the backlog that you had
in the prior two quarters. But as we build the backlog significantly, as were doing right now, youre going to see that manifest itself in higher revenues and profitability in future quarters. And thats why were bullish on a
double-digit improvement in revenue for the second quarter sequentially over the first. 

Kelly, anything you want to add to that? 

A - Kelly Youngblood 

You pretty well covered it, Rob. The only thing I would
add is, when you look at that 19% growth in backlog in the US, it is a double-digit improvement that were seeing in all three sectors. And then, the Q4 fall-off that we saw, as we talked about in the
prepared remarks, that was due to timing of projects and kind of delay or pullbacks just greater than the normal seasonality. But the visibility we have of those projects that were originally intended to hit in 24, now were seeing a lot
of that hitting both projects and turnaround activity hitting in the second quarter. And so the visibility we have, supported by the backlog, gives us a lot of confidence in that Q2 double-digit improvement. 

Q - Nathan Jones 

So you
said 19% increase in backlog from the end of the year. I would guess that backlog typically does increase from the end of the year to now. Is 19% materially above what a normal seasonal increase in backlog would look like? 

A - Rob Saltiel 

Yeah, absolutely. And depending on the timing of projects,
you dont always see an increase going from the end of the year into the first quarter. And I think that was one of our challenges last year was that we had kind of a steady decline in our backlog, certainly in the US segment as we went through
the year. Our international business, I do want to touch on. Our international business continues to be very strong, both in terms of bookings and billing. And so thats why we continue to expect growth in that business, and thats after a
couple of really strong years. But the backlog situation were seeing in the US right now is really very different from what we saw last year. And again, it gives us a lot of confidence in future quarters. 

A - Kelly Youngblood 

Hey, Nathan. I would just add as well, if you look at
the backlog where were at today is over $600 million and thats where we were kind of back in Q1 of last year. So this is the best backlog weve seen in a 12-month period, which is very
encouraging. 

Q - Nathan Jones 

Thanks. I guess my follow-up question is going to be on gross margins. Adjusted gross margin in 2024 was right under 22% and the guidance for 2025 is an average at 21%. I would have thought that you would have some tailwinds to gross
margins in 2025 in terms of tariffs and inflation and things like that and some growth. So maybe you can talk about what the other side of the equation is thats holding you back a little bit on gross margins in 2025? 

A - Kelly Youngblood 

Yeah. Nathan, Ill start. I think theres a
couple of things there. In 2024, especially in the first half of the year, we had some large sales with accretive margins that were not expected to repeat, but still feel very confident of achieving a 21% tight margin. So thats good for
us. The international margins we have are accretive to the overall company average. And so thats going to be very supportive. I think youre hitting on a good point though, that the tariffs are a bit of an unknown right now. And if we
really start to see a material improvement related to inflation and tariffs, that would certainly suggest an upside to the guidance we have on the margin. So could it be conservative? It certainly could be. Well just have to see how it plays
out. 

Q - Nathan Jones 

Okay, thanks. Ill pass it on. Thanks for
taking my questions. 

A - Rob Saltiel 

Great.
Thanks, Nathan. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Chris Dankert
with Loop Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. 

Q - Chris Dankert 

Hey. Morning, guys. I guess maybe first off to the point of clarification on that gross margin guide, are you assuming no tariff impact in that 21% guide at this point?
Or is there something baked into that number right now? 

A - Rob Saltiel 

Yes, Ill take this one, Chris. Look, I would say that we have a modest amount of inflation built into that, but probably not the full extent of what you might
infer from the tariffs as theyre currently being deployed and probably for the full year. I think we would all agree that its a bit uncertain how many of these tariffs are going to be applied and how long theyre going to endure.
But to Kellys comment, I think that theres certainly potential upside in both revenue and adjusted gross margins and profitability if these tariffs continue to hold at current levels and the areas and products covered either hold or
extend from where they are today. So Id say that theres definitely some upside involved and we probably included, again, a modest assumption around inflation in the numbers weve given. 

Q - Chris Dankert 

Got it. Thats really helpful. Thank you. And then
definitely exciting news about the IMTEC JV here. I guess maybe could you flesh out a little bit what the opportunity looks like there? What kind of drove the excitement on the market? Just kind of maybe just give us a little bit of a path of
what youre seeing there that kind of led you down this road? 

A - Rob Saltiel 

Yeah, Im glad you asked the question because were really excited about this and were going to have a dedicated press release on this joint venture
coming out later this morning. But as a practical matter, our gas utilities business is our largest sector by revenue. But interestingly, less than 10% of our revenue in the gas utility sector is involved with meter sales. And only a small handful
of our contract customers in the gas utility space do we provide meters to. We typically when we build our relationships with our customers, we start with more commodity products like polyethylene pipe and even some carbon steel pipe for a number of
our customers. But then getting to the meter sale is something that you kind of graduate to over time. And we just have a small handful of customers and like I say, less than 10% of our revenue that were accruing today for those sales. 

But what this joint venture allows us to do is to really play an integral role in a key process where smart meters are replacing the current sort of manually read
meters and that process getting that communications chip joined with the gas meter is cumbersome, logistically challenging, and frankly, a lot of the meter producers dont like doing it. So were really filling a void in the market with
this joint venture, which will be a great service to gas utilities customers. And then where the real upside is for MRC Global is an opportunity to expand our meter business again from that under 10% to something significantly higher by offering
this service to those utilities. 

An added benefit of the joint venture is that our partner qualifies as a diverse owner and manager. And because of
that, a number of our utilities that are subject to public utility commission diverse purchasing practices will look on this very favorably. So as we said in the prepared comments, this could really unlock tens of millions of dollars of incremental
revenue through meter sales that we dont currently have to our gas utilities customer base. 

Were very excited about this. Weve been working on it
for a long time. It was coincidental that we were able to bring everything to closure right here as were doing the earnings call. But were happy to have a favorable coincidence in this case and really excited about the future. 

Q - Chris Dankert 

Thats really great color. Thank you so much. If I
could just follow-up one little bit there. I guess my assumption would be metering is theres more engineering content involved. Does that help with the margin as well, that part of why again the
gas utility margin is higher so that would be generally accretive? 

A - Rob Saltiel 

Yes. I mean the real opportunity here is to be in the meter business with our customers where were not currently able to do that. And as I said, I think this joint
venture will open that up, that opportunity for us where it doesnt currently exist. The JV itself will also be a profit making entity, but its providing a very specific service. And, of course, with our ownership being roughly half of
the JV, well get half of those proceeds. But again, the real opportunity for MRC Global is to create more meter sales, again, tens of millions of dollars of revenue, and then the margin that we typically get on our gas products that will
accrue in terms of profitability. So thats the real upside for us. 

Q - Chris Dankert 

Understood. Well, thanks for all the detail and congrats on all the changes and upgrades this year. 

A - Rob Saltiel 

Appreciate it. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Josh Jayne with Daniel Energy
Partners. Please proceed with your question. 

Q - Josh Jayne 

Thanks.
Good morning. First question I wanted to ask was just on the international markets and outlook into 2025. Could you maybe speak to the bright spots youre seeing versus where things might be a bit softer. And I think you highlighted
$254 million of international backlog. How does that typically compare to where we are on a year-over-year basis? 

A - Rob Saltiel 

Yeah. I
mean, this is about the largest backlog weve had in many years in our international business. And one thing to keep in mind with our international business, unlike our US business, international is driven primarily by projects and its
also driven primarily by valve sales. So that business as a whole tends to be a little lumpier depending on the project activity, but it also tends to be accretive to margins because of the valve sales versus more commodity product sales. And we
have really carved out an extremely exciting niche in certain of our European markets. Think Norway, the UK, the Netherlands, Central Europe, these areas have been really strong spots for us both in terms of the PTI space. So offshore platforms in
the Norwegian and North Sea as well as the DIET space. Again, think refining and chemicals in Central Europe and the UK. 

So this business has continued to be very
strong for us. The other thing that theyre still doing more of over there than they are here is energy transition projects. So we still see a lot more involvement of energy transition projects, whether that be wind or sustainable aviation
fuel. And I think everybodys clear that a lot of that has slowed down here in the US. 

So were really excited about our business, both in Europe and in
Asia-Pacific. Were growing that business in the Middle East. And we feel really good about additional growth prospects in the international business this year. 

Q - Josh Jayne 

Thanks for that. And then as my follow-up, maybe we could just talk about capital allocation a bit, just on the M&A side. Valuations really across all sectors have compressed since the beginning of the year in the public space. And Im
just curious, has this made M&A opportunities more attractive to you? Or could you speak to where you are on the capital allocation front for M&A versus the $125 million share repurchase program? And just what is of highest priority
sort of as you look forward into 2025 and beyond? 

A - Rob Saltiel 

Yeah.
Well, look, let me just do a little bit of history here first before looking forward. But traditionally this company has been overlevered and also in possession of a complicated balance sheet with the preferred shares. And I think our teams
done an excellent job in delevering and now simplifying the balance sheet with the retirement of the preferred at the end of last year and replacement of that with a term loan. As we mentioned in our prepared comments and elsewhere, we do want to
maintain prudent leverage. So our goal is to get to 1.5 times net debt leverage ratio at some time in this year. So we definitely want to keep that focus on a prudent balance sheet. We think it makes sense for the risk profile of our business and
the cyclicality that sometimes accrues. And again, having been on the other side of that, we definitely want to maintain that low leverage ratio. 

In addition to
that, we believe that its time to start returning cash to shareholders, which is why we entered into the share buyback program, announced in January. And through the course of this year, we hope to execute on that. We did say on our
announcement of that buyback program that we did not plan to purchase any shares back before the second quarter. Thats still obviously going to be the case given where we are right now. But as we go through the year, both systematically and
opportunistically, we will look to repurchase shares to the benefit of our shareholders. 

And M&A is something that we continue to look at. Weve been
somewhat hamstrung with the balance sheet in the past from doing anything significant. I think as our balance sheet continues to improve and we continue to delever, even with our capability to return cash to shareholders and investing in growth,
well have further opportunities to bring M&A back into the fold here. We havent done M&A for about a decade now. And with the balance sheet where it is and the opportunity for share purchases to continue even while we do M&A,
M&A is something that we will definitely consider. 

Q - Josh Jayne 

Thanks for
the detail. Ill turn it back. 

A - Rob Saltiel 

Youre
welcome. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Nathan Jones with
Stifel. Please proceed with your question. Nathan, are you muted? Youre live with the speakers. 

Q - Nathan Jones 

Sorry about that. You guys gave adjusted gross margin and SG&A guidance, but didnt give specific EBITDA margin guidance. Can you fill in the blanks there for
us either just on what EBITDA margin guidance is or kind of what youre expecting for stock comp and D&A for us to get there? 

A - Kelly Youngblood

Yeah, Nathan, Ill take that one. When you kind of run through the model with the guidance that we provided, it pretty much gets you into an EBITDA margin
kind of in the mid-6% range, 6.5%-ish. As weve talked about though, I think if the tariffs and inflation really start to help us out there and our international
margins hanging there strong like they have been, I think theres upside to that, to get that percentage higher. But were just taking a conservative view right now because the tariff situation seems to change every couple of days.
Well see where it ultimately ends up. I think, as a management team, we believe there is going to be some inflation this year with the tariffs, but just taking a more conservative approach on that until it gets more clear. 

Q - Nathan Jones 

And then I just wanted to finish off the inventory issue.
It sounds like when you finished, I mean, you said you counted $400 million of inventory, which is essentially all of your inventory. It sounds like you found that there were no differences, no material differences between where it was
initially and where it ended up. And this was more of an issue around process and then how that stuff was entered. So maybe you could just put a bow on that and then talk about any reviews youve done for processes to make sure we dont
run into any kind of issues like this again. Thanks. 

A - Rob Saltiel 

Yeah, Nathan. Ill take this. And let me just start at the outset and say that what we do to verify our inventory is very consistent with what other companies in
the distribution space do. And that is we perform regular, in fact daily cycle counts, which is basically picking particular products and counting the inventory that day. And then over the summation of the year, you basically counted every item of
inventory at least once. And some items of inventory, particularly the fast moving items, youve counted them multiple times. 

So this process is a well used and well known and respected process for counting inventory. However, it depends on the
faithful execution of the process for that to be effective. And as I mentioned in our prepared comments, out of over 100 locations we detected two where the entry of the counts into the system was not being faithfully executed. A couple of
deviations on that basically created an issue about the integrity of the process and the integrity of the control. And in order to verify that we didnt have any material errors in our inventory, we decided that we would go back and physically
count all these locations. 

That was a very significant step for us to undertake. As I mentioned, it involved a number of people working diligently over weekends
and evenings to make sure that we could get all these counts right. But it was very gratifying to result in the fact that yes, the variances that came out of that were effectively immaterial and that the inventory balances on our balance sheet were
substantially and materially correct. 

So youre right. I mean the issue related to the process itself and then the fact that we werent executing against
that process the way we should have been. So weve got a remediation plan that were putting in place. And were going to make sure this doesnt ever happen again. 

Kelly, you want to give some details on that? 

A - Kelly Youngblood 

Yeah. Yeah, Nathan. Obviously, as Rob said, the cycle count process will continue like it has been. I mean even our auditors have said, the process that we had in place
is a well designed process. It was a execution problem on that process is where the issue arose. But I think as far as remediation, we are planning to have what I would call a major step-up in oversight and
monitoring of the cycle count process going forward to make sure that nothing like this happens again. We are planning to engage a consulting firm to come in and just we think weve got it covered, but just to make sure theres not
some best practices out there that other companies are using that we should be considering. So were going to bring someone in to kind of review and provide recommendations on our current process. Were looking at making some changes in
resources to have more expertise and oversight over inventory management and kind of developing these monitoring capabilities around the cycle count process. And of course training, theres going to be a full blown training initiative here and
retraining to make sure that employees know the importance of this and operational leaders are going to be heavily involved at the same time. 

And then the last
thing, which is really significant, is the Oracle implementation thats going to be going live here in the second half of the year. Just being a more modern cloud-based system, its going to have a lot of reporting and monitoring
capabilities that we dont have today and just really automate a lot of things, like were going to be using scanner technology a lot more with the new system. So a lot of the manual input that we have in our current system is going to be
completely eliminated and be automated going forward. And that in itself enhances the control environment around the cycle counts. So Oracle will be a major step-up for us in making sure that this is fully
remediated as well. So were going to be all over it and weve got it fully covered. And as Rob said, we feel comfortable this will never happen again. 

A - Rob Saltiel 

It wont ever happen again. 

Q - Nathan Jones 

Thanks
for taking my questions. 

A - Rob Saltiel 

Youre welcome. Thank
you. 

Operator 

Weve reached the end of the question-and-answer session. Id now like to turn the call back to Monica Broughton for closing comments. 

A - Monica Broughton 

Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in
MRC Global. We look forward to having you join us for our first quarter conference call in May. Have a great day. 

Operator 

This concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect your lines, and we thank you for your participation.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>mrc-20250314.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>mrc-20250314_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mrc-20250314_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001439095

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 14, 2025

Entity Registrant Name MRC GLOBAL INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-35479

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-5956993

Entity Address, Address Line One 1301 McKinney Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 2300

Entity Address, City or Town Houston

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77010

City Area Code (877)

Local Phone Number 294-7574

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.01

Trading Symbol MRC

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.mrc.com//20250314/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d729501d8k.htm 
mrc-20250314.xsd 
mrc-20250314_lab.xml 
mrc-20250314_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-055193-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>d729501d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001439095 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

false 
0001439095 
8-K 
2025-03-14 
MRC GLOBAL INC. 
DE 
001-35479 
20-5956993 
1301 McKinney Street 
Suite 2300 
Houston 
TX 
77010 
(877) 
294-7574 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 
MRC 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>