<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-002767.txt : 20250113
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-002767.hdr.sgml : 20250113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250113060350
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-002767
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250113
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			W&T OFFSHORE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001288403
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				721121985
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32414
		FILM NUMBER:		25524627

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5718 WESTHEIMER RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77057-5745
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-626-8525

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5718 WESTHEIMER RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77057-5745
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm253053d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000128840300012884032025-01-132025-01-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

Current
Report

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported):January 13, 2025

W&T Offshore, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter)

1-32414

(Commission
File Number)

Texas 72-1121985

(State
or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (I.R.S.
Employer Identification No.)

5718
Westheimer Road, Suite
700

Houston,
Texas77057

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices)

713.626.8525

(Registrants
Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since
Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2.
below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act.

Title of each class Trading
Symbol Name of
each Exchange on which registered 

Common Stock, par value $0.00001 WTI New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On January 13, 2025, W&T Offshore, Inc. (the Company)
announced its intention to offer, subject to market and other conditions, $350 million in aggregate principal amount of senior second
lien notes due 2029 (the Notes) in a private offering that is exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated into this Item 7.01 by reference.

The press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy, or a sale of, the Notes, the related guarantees, or any other securities, nor does it constitute an offer to sell,
a solicitation of an offer to buy or a sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is unlawful.

The Company is providing potential investors in the Notes offering
a report prepared by Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc. relating to estimates of reserves and future revenue, as of June 30, 2024,
to the Companys interest in certain oil and gas properties located in state waters offshore Alabama, Louisiana, and Texas and in
federal waters in the Gulf of Mexico. A copy of the report is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated into this Item 7.01
by reference.

This Current Report on Form 8-K includes forward-looking statements
within the meaning of federal securities laws. Such forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many
of which are beyond the Companys control. All statements, other than historical facts included in this Current Report on Form 8-K,
are forward-looking statements, including those relating to the offering of the Notes. All forward-looking statements speak only as of
the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. Although the Company believes that the plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or
suggested by the forward-looking statements are reasonable, there is no assurance that these plans, intentions or expectations will be
achieved. Therefore, actual outcomes and results could materially differ from what is expressed, implied or forecast in such statements.

The information in this Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K
is being furnished pursuant to General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K and shall not be deemed to be filed for
purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and
is not incorporated by reference into any Company filing, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation
language in such filing.

Item 8.01 Other Events

Risk Factors

The Company is also filing this Current Report
on Form 8-K to supplement the risk factors described in Part II, Item 1A of its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 with the following risk factors:

We may be required to post cash collateral pursuant to our agreements
with sureties under our existing or future bonding arrangements, which could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and our ability
to execute our capital expenditure plan, our ARO plan and comply with our existing debt instruments.

Pursuant to the terms of our agreements with various
sureties under our existing bonding arrangements, or under any future bonding arrangements we may enter into, we may be required to post
collateral. Additional collateral would likely be in the form of cash or letters of credit. We cannot provide assurance that we will be
able to satisfy collateral demands for current bonds or for future bonds.

On
August 14, 2024, the Company filed a complaint seeking declaratory relief (the Original Complaint) in the U.S. District
Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division, against Endurance Assurance Corporation and Lexon Insurance Company (the Sompo
Sureties), providers of government-required surety bonds that secure decommissioning obligations the Company may have with respect
to certain oil and gas assets of the Company (the Sompo Sureties Litigation). As described in the Original Complaint, the
Company has paid all negotiated premiums associated with the bonds issued by the Sompo Sureties prior to the Original Complaint
and has not suffered a material change to its financial status. Despite this, the Sompo Sureties issued written demands to the Company
requesting the Company provide collateral to the Sompo Sureties. On October 9, 2024, the Sompo Sureties filed an answer and counterclaim
alleging breach of contract due to the Companys failure to provide the collateral demanded by the Sompo Sureties. The Sompo Sureties
originally issued approximately $55.0 million in surety bonds on behalf of the Company but a $13.1 million bond was cancelled by BOEM
when W&T fulfilled its decommissioning obligations. The Sompo Sureties have nevertheless requested approximately $55.0 million in
cash collateral.

On October 21, 2024, U.S. Specialty Insurance
Company (USSIC) filed a petition in the District Court of Harris County, Texas, alleging, among other things, breach of
the indemnity agreement between the Company and USSIC and seeking to compel the Company to provide the collateral demanded by USSIC (the
USSIC Litigation). On October 25, 2024, the Company filed a notice of removal with the District Court of Harris County,
Texas, removing the case to U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division. USSIC has issued approximately $111.0
million in surety bonds on behalf of the Company and has requested $23.0 million in cash collateral.

On November 8, 2024, Pennsylvania Insurance
Company a/k/a Applied Surety Underwriters (Applied) filed a petition in the United States District Court for the Southern
District of Texas, Houston Division, alleging, among other things, breach of the indemnity agreement between the Company and Applied and
seeking to compel the Company to provide the collateral demanded by Applied and unpaid premiums of approximately $0.4 million (the Applied
Litigation). Applied issued approximately $11.3 million in surety bonds on behalf of the Company and has requested approximately
$11.3 million in cash collateral.

Also on November 8, 2024, United States Fire
Insurance Company (U.S. Fire and, together with the Sompo Sureties, USSIC and Applied, the Sureties) filed
a petition in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division, alleging, among other things, breach
of the indemnity agreement between the Company and U.S. Fire and seeking to compel the Company to provide the collateral demanded by U.S.
Fire (the U.S. Fire Litigation). U.S. Fire claims to have issued approximately $93.5 million in surety bonds on behalf of
the Company and has requested approximately $93.5 million in cash collateral.

The Sureties aggregate collateral demands
against the Company total approximately $183.7 million. In addition, Philadelphia Indemnity Insurance Company (PIIC) separately
made a collateral demand of $71 million. No legal action has been filed by PIIC as of the date hereof. The total aggregate collateral
demanded by the Sureties and PIIC is approximately $254.7 million (the Demanded Collateral).

On November 22, 2024, the court consolidated
the Sompo Sureties Litigation, USSIC Litigation, the Applied Litigation, and the U.S. Fire Litigation (as consolidated, the Sureties
Litigation). On December 11, 2024, as a result of the foregoing, the Company filed an amended complaint (the Original Complaint,
as amended, the Complaint) against the Sureties. The Complaint, in relevant part, seeks declaratory relief that (1) the
Sureties may not enforce their indemnity agreements such that their action constitute an abuse of right; (2) the Sureties
interpretation of the indemnity agreements render the agreements illusory; (3) the Sureties may not make unreasonable demands for
collateral; (4) the Sureties must accept reasonable collateral as offered by the Company; (5) no additional collateral is required
of the Company; (6) the Sureties may not make joint demands for collateral that are inconsistent with those of each other such that
the Company cannot comply with each demand; and (7) the Sureties changed business model are not legitimate grounds to demand
further collateral beyond that offered by the Company. The Company further asserts the following counterclaim against the Sureties: (1) violations
of the Sherman Antitrust Act; (2) violations of the Texas Free Enterprise and Antitrust Act; (3) violations of the Texas Insurance
Code Section 541; (4) tortious interference with existing contracts and prospective business relationships; and (5) conspiracy.

As a result of the Sureties Litigation, the Company
may potentially be required to provide some or all of the Demanded Collateral, or the Company may be required to or choose to replace
the surety bonds provided by the applicable surety with surety bonds from different surety entities. The Company is seeking to negotiate
a reasonable resolution with respect to collateral provision amongst the Sureties and other surety entities with conflicting or different
collateral requests (such as PIIC).

To the extent that the Sureties succeed in forcing
the Company to fulfill the Demanded Collateral, or in the event that other surety entities attempt to do the same, the fulfilment of such
demands could be significant and our liquidity position will be negatively impacted, and we may be required to seek alternative financing.
To the extent we are unable to secure adequate financing, we may be forced to reduce our capital expenditures in the current year or future
years, may be unable to execute our ARO plan or may be unable to comply with our existing debt instruments.

We may not be able to extend, replace or refinance the
Existing Credit Agreement on terms reasonably acceptable to us, or at all, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity.

On December 27, 2024, we and certain of our subsidiaries
entered into a Twentieth Amendment to our Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of October 18, 2018 (as amended and modified
from time to time, the Existing Credit Agreement) to extend the maturity date from December 31, 2024 to January 31, 2025. While
we have negotiated multiple extensions of the maturity date under the Existing Credit Agreement, there is no guarantee that we will be
able to extend, replace or refinance the Existing Credit Agreement on terms reasonably acceptable to us, or at all. If we are unable to
extend, replace or refinance the Existing Credit Agreement it could materially and adversely affect our liquidity.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

99.1 Press release of W&T Offshore, Inc. dated January 13, 2025.

99.2 Report of Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc., Independent Petroleum Engineers and Geologists, dated as of June 30, 2024.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

W&T OFFSHORE,
INC.

(Registrant)

Dated: January 13, 2025 By: /s/ George Hittner

George Hittner,

Executive Vice President, General Counsel, & Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm253053d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

W&T OFFSHORE ANNOUNCES PROPOSED

SENIOR SECOND LIEN NOTES OFFERING

HOUSTON (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) January 13,
2025 W&T Offshore, Inc. (NYSE: WTI) (W&T Offshore or the Company) today announced its
intention to offer, subject to market and other conditions, $350 million in aggregate principal amount of senior second lien notes due
2029 (the Notes) in a private offering that is exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act).

The Company intends to use the net proceeds of
the offering, along with cash on hand, to (i) purchase for cash pursuant to a tender offer, WTIs outstanding 11.750% Senior
Second Lien Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Senior Second Lien Notes) that are properly tendered pursuant to the terms thereof
(the Tender Offer), (ii) on or after August 1, 2025, redeem in full any remaining 2026 Senior Second Lien Notes
not validly tendered and accepted for purchase in the Tender Offer and, pending such redemption, satisfy and discharge the indenture
governing the 2026 Senior Second Lien Notes, (iii) repay outstanding amounts under the term loan provided by Munich Re Risk Financing, Inc.,
as lender (the MRE Term Loan), and (iv) pay premiums, fees and expenses related to the Offering, the Tender Offer,
the redemption of any 2026 Senior Second Lien Notes, the satisfaction and discharge of the indenture governing the 2026 Senior Second
Lien Notes and the repayment and termination of the MRE Term Loan. This announcement is not an offer to purchase or a solicitation of
an offer to sell the 2026 Senior Second Lien Notes, and it does not constitute a notice of redemption of the 2026 Senior Second Lien
Notes.

The Notes and the related guarantees to be offered
have not been registered under the Securities Act or any other securities laws, and the Notes and the related guarantees may not be offered
or sold except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act
and any other applicable securities laws. The Notes and the related guarantees will be offered only to persons reasonably believed to
be qualified institutional buyers in the United States under Rule 144A and to non-U.S. investors outside the United States pursuant
to Regulation S.

This press release is being issued pursuant to
Rule 135c under the Securities Act and does not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a sale of the
Notes, the related guarantees, or any other securities, nor does it constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy or
a sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is unlawful.

ABOUT W&T OFFSHORE

W&T Offshore, Inc. is an independent
oil and natural gas producer with operations offshore in the Gulf of Mexico and has grown through acquisitions, exploration and development.
As of September 30, 2024, the Company had working interests in 53 fields in federal and state waters (which include 46 fields in
federal waters and 7 in state waters). The Company has under lease approximately 673,100 gross acres (515,400 net acres) spanning across
the outer continental shelf off the coasts of Louisiana, Texas, Mississippi and Alabama, with approximately 514,000 gross acres on the
conventional shelf, approximately 153,500 gross acres in the deepwater and 5,600 gross acres in Alabama state waters. A majority of the
Companys daily production is derived from wells it operates.

FORWARD-LOOKING AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS

This press release contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, including the completion,
timing and size of the proposed offering, the intended use of the proceeds, including to fund the Tender Offer, redeem in full any remaining
2026 Senior Second Lien Notes not validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Tender Offer and satisfy and discharge the
indenture governing the 2026 Senior Second Lien Notes, repay the MRE Term Loan, and pay premiums, fees and expenses related to the aforementioned,
and the terms of the Notes being offered, based on what we believe are reasonable estimates and assumptions. No assurance can be given,
however, that these events will occur or that our estimates will be correct. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially including, among other things, market conditions, oil and gas price volatility,
uncertainties inherent in oil and gas production operations and estimating reserves, uncertainties of the timing and impact of bringing
new wells online and repairing and restoring infrastructure hurricane damage, the ability to achieve leverage targets, unexpected future
capital expenditures, competition, the success of our risk management activities, governmental regulations, uncertainties and other factors
discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and subsequent Form 10-Q reports found
at www.sec.gov. Investors are urged to consider closely the disclosures and risk factors in these reports.

CONTACT:

Al Petrie

Investor Relations Coordinator

investorrelations@wtoffshore.com

713-297-8024

Sameer Parasnis

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

sparasnis@wtoffshore.com

713-513-8654

Source: W&T Offshore, Inc.

- 2 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm253053d1_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

ESTIMATES

of

RESERVES
AND FUTURE REVENUE

to
the

W&T
OFFSHORE, INC. INTEREST

in

CERTAIN
OIL AND GAS PROPERTIES

located
in

STATE
WATERS OFFSHORE ALABAMA,

LOUISIANA,
AND TEXAS

AND
IN FEDERAL WATERS IN THE

GULF
OF MEXICO

as
of

JUNE
30, 2024

Prepared
in accordance with

U.S.
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION REGULATIONS

CHAIRMAN & CEO EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

RICHARD B. TALLEY, JR. ROBERTC. BARG

P. SCOTT FROST

WORLDWIDE PETROLEUM CONSULTANTS PRESIDENT & COO JOHN G. HAHNER

ENGINEERING GEOLOGY GEOPHYSICS 
PETROPHYSICS ERIC J. STEVENS JOSEPH J. SPELLMAN

July 23,
2024

Mr. Matthew W. McFarland

W&T Offshore, Inc.

5718 Westheimer Road, Suite 700

Houston, Texas 77057

Dear Mr. McFarland:

In accordance with
your request, we have estimated the proved, probable, and possible reserves and future revenue, as of June 30, 2024, to the W&T
Offshore, Inc. (W&T) interest in certain oil and gas properties located in state waters offshore Alabama, Louisiana, and Texas
and in federal waters in the Gulf of Mexico, as listed in the accompanying tabulations. We completed our evaluation on or about the date
of this letter. It is our understanding that the proved reserves estimated in this report constitute all of the proved reserves owned
by W&T. The estimates in this report have been prepared in accordance with the definitions and regulations of the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC) and conform to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 932, Extractive ActivitiesOil and
Gas, except that future income taxes are excluded and, as requested, abandonment costs have not been included in our estimates of future
net revenue. Definitions are presented immediately following this letter.

For fields included
in the Monza Joint Venture (Monza JV), the net reserves and future net revenue to the W&T interest have been estimated incorporating
the terms of the Monza JV using the proportional consolidation method. W&T entered into the Monza JV on February 23, 2018. Under
the proportional consolidation method, W&T's interest share of revenues, expenses, investments, and liabilities includes both W&T's
direct interest in the properties and W&T's interest share of the Monza JV.

We estimate the
net reserves and future net revenue to the W&T interest in these properties, as of June 30, 2024, to be:

Net Reserves Future
Net Revenue(1) (M$) 

Oil NGL Gas Present Worth 

Category (MBBL) (MBBL) (MMCF) Total at 10% 

Proved Developed Producing 22,590.7 8,435.3 275,481.1 952,758.3 704,617.4 

Proved Developed Non-Producing 17,306.0 3,632.4 117,406.2 886,914.4 521,126.2 

Proved Undeveloped 13,833.4 977.1 57,847.8 439,069.6 162,457.0 

Total Proved 53,730.2 13,044.8 450,735.1 2,278,742.4 1,388,200.5 

Probable Developed 21,227.6 3,247.3 107,967.4 1,073,231.7 548,596.2 

Probable Undeveloped 55,323.5 2,099.8 100,586.2 3,000,081.8 1,228,076.9 

Total Probable 76,551.0 5,347.1 208,553.6 4,073,313.5 1,776,673.1 

Possible Developed 32,379.3 4,148.5 121,468.5 2,073,565.5 694,894.2 

Possible Undeveloped 39,885.0 3,091.6 116,969.8 2,695,171.5 1,542,012.7 

Total Possible 72,264.3 7,240.1 238,438.3 4,768,737.0 2,236,906.9 

Totals may not add because of rounding.

(1) Future net revenue
does not include estimated abandonment costs.

2100
ross avenue, suite 2200 dallas, texas 75201 ph: 214-969-5401 fax: 214-969-5411 info@nsai-petro.com

1301
mckinney street, suite 3200 houston, texas 77010 ph 71 3-654-4950 fax:
71 3-654-4951 netherlandsewell.com

The oil volumes
shown include crude oil and condensate. Oil and natural gas liquids (NGL) volumes are expressed in thousands of barrels (MBBL); a barrel
is equivalent to 42 United States gallons. Gas volumes are expressed in millions of cubic feet (MMCF) at standard temperature and pressure
bases. Oil equivalent volumes shown in this report are expressed in thousands of barrels of oil equivalent (MBOE), determined using the
ratio of 6 MCF of gas to 1 barrel of oil.

Reserves categorization
conveys the relative degree of certainty; reserves subcategorization is based on development and production status. Estimates of proved
undeveloped reserves have been included for five proved locations that are scheduled to be drilled more than five years beyond the original
booking dates because of limitations with conductor slot availability. These locations have been included based on W&T's declared
intent to drill these wells. Also, estimates of proved undeveloped reserves have been included for certain locations that generate positive
future net revenue but have negative present worth discounted at 10 percent based on the constant price and cost parameters discussed
in subsequent paragraphs of this letter. These locations have been included based on the operators' declared intent to drill these wells,
as evidenced by W&T's internal budget, reserves estimates, and price forecast. The estimates of reserves and future revenue included
herein have not been adjusted for risk. This report does not include any value that could be attributed to interests in undeveloped acreage
beyond those tracts for which undeveloped reserves have been estimated.

As shown in the
Table of Contents, this report includes summary projections of reserves and revenue by reserves category. Also included are reserves
and economics data for each reserves category; these data include a summary projection of reserves and revenue along with one-line summaries
of basic data, reserves, and economics by lease.

Gross revenue shown
in this report is W&T's share of the gross (100 percent) revenue from the properties prior to any deductions. Future net revenue
is after deductions for W&T's share of state production taxes, ad valorem taxes, capital costs, and operating expenses but before
consideration of any income taxes. The future net revenue has been discounted at an annual rate of 10 percent to determine its present
worth, which is shown to indicate the effect of time on the value of money. Future net revenue presented in this report, whether discounted
or undiscounted, should not be construed as being the fair market value of the properties.

Prices used in
this report are based on the 12-month unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month in the period
July 2023 through June 2024. For oil and NGL volumes, the average West Texas Intermediate spot price of $79.45 per barrel is
adjusted by field for quality, transportation fees, and market differentials. For gas volumes, the average Henry Hub spot price of $2.324
per MMBTU is adjusted by field for energy content, transportation fees, and market differentials. All prices are held constant throughout
the lives of the properties. Average adjusted product prices weighted by production over the remaining lives of the properties are shown
for each category in the following table:

Average Adjusted
Prices 

Oil NGL Gas 

Category ($/Barrel) ($/Barrel) ($/MCF) 

Proved 78.23 22.37 2.663 

Probable 78.72 25.32 2.656 

Possible 78.62 25.58 2.586 

Operating costs
used in this report are based on operating expense records of W&T. For the nonoperated properties, these costs include the per-well
overhead expenses allowed under joint operating agreements along with estimates of costs to be incurred at and below the district and
field levels. As requested, operating costs for the operated properties are limited to direct lease- and field-level costs and W&T's
estimate of the portion of its headquarters general and administrative overhead expenses necessary to operate the properties. Economic
projections are included to account for the fees associated with W&T's oil transportation contracts for Green Canyon 859 Field. For
all other areas, we have made no specific investigation of any firm transportation contracts that may be in place and our estimates of
future revenue include the effects of such contracts only to the extent that the associated fees are accounted for in the historical
field- and lease-level accounting statements. Operating costs have been divided into field -level costs, per -well costs, and per-unit-of-production
costs and are not escalated for inflation. As requested, the field-level costs are allocated by month among the proved reserves categories.

Capital costs used
in this report were provided by W&T and are based on authorizations for expenditure and actual costs from recent activity. Capital
costs are included as required for workovers, new development wells, and production equipment. Based on our understanding of W&T's
future development plans, a review of the records provided to us, and our knowledge of similar properties, we regard these estimated
capital costs to be reasonable. Capital costs are not escalated for inflation. As requested, our estimates do not include any salvage
value for the lease and well equipment or the cost of abandoning the properties.

For the purposes
of this report, we did not perform any field inspection of the properties, nor did we examine the mechanical operation or condition of
the wells and facilities. We have not investigated possible environmental liability related to the properties; therefore, our estimates
do not include any costs due to such possible liability.

We have made no
investigation of potential volume and value imbalances resulting from overdelivery or underdelivery to the W&T interest. Therefore,
our estimates of reserves and future revenue do not include adjustments for the settlement of any such imbalances; our projections are
based on W&T receiving its net revenue interest share of estimated future gross production after field usage and shrinkage.

The reserves shown
in this report are estimates only and should not be construed as exact quantities. Proved reserves are those quantities of oil and gas
which, by analysis of engineering and geoscience data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible; probable
and possible reserves are those additional reserves which are sequentially less certain to be recovered than proved reserves. Estimates
of reserves may increase or decrease as a result of market conditions, future operations, changes in regulations, or actual reservoir
performance. In addition to the primary economic assumptions discussed herein, our estimates are based on certain assumptions including,
but not limited to, that the properties will be developed consistent with current development plans as provided to us by W&T, that
the properties will be operated in a prudent manner, that no governmental regulations or controls will be put in place that would impact
the ability of the interest owner to recover the reserves, and that our projections of future production will prove consistent with actual
performance. If the reserves are recovered, the revenues therefrom and the costs related thereto could be more or less than the estimated
amounts. Because of governmental policies and uncertainties of supply and demand, the sales rates, prices received for the reserves,
and costs incurred in recovering such reserves may vary from assumptions made while preparing this report.

For the purposes
of this report, we used technical and economic data including, but not limited to, well logs, geologic maps, petrophysical data, seismic
data, well test data, production data, bottomhole pressure data, historical price and cost information, and property ownership interests.
The reserves in this report have been estimated using deterministic methods; these estimates have been prepared in accordance with the
Standards Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing of Oil and Gas Reserves Information promulgated by the Society of Petroleum Engineers
(SPE Standards). We used standard engineering and geoscience methods, or a combination of methods, including performance analysis, volumetric
analysis, analogy, and reservoir modeling, that we considered to be appropriate and necessary to categorize and estimate reserves in
accordance with SEC definitions and regulations. A substantial portion of these reserves are for non-producing zones and undeveloped
locations; such reserves are based on estimates of reservoir volumes and recovery efficiencies along with analogy to properties with
similar geologic and reservoir characteristics. As in all aspects of oil and gas evaluation, there are uncertainties inherent in the
interpretation of engineering and geoscience data; therefore, our conclusions necessarily represent only informed professional judgment.

The data used in
our estimates were obtained from W&T, public data sources, and the nonconfidential files of Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc.
and were accepted as accurate. Supporting work data are on file in our office. We have not examined the titles to the properties or independently
confirmed the actual degree or type of interest owned. The technical persons primarily responsible for preparing the estimates presented
herein meet the requirements regarding qualifications, independence, objectivity, and confidentiality set forth in the SPE Standards.
We are independent petroleum engineers, geologists, geophysicists, and petrophysicists; we do not own an interest in these properties
nor are we employed on a contingent basis.

Sincerely,

NETHERLAND, SEWELL & ASSOCIATES, INC.

Texas Registered Engineering Firm F-2699

By: /s/
Richard B. Talley, Jr., P.E.

Richard B. Talley, Jr., P.E.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

By: /s/
Michael J. Kingrey, P.E. 128848 By: Ruurdjan
(Rudi) de Zoeten, P.G. 3179 

Michael J. Kingrey, P.E.
128848 Ruurdjan (Rudi) de Zoeten,
P.G. 3179

Vice President Vice President

Date Signed: July 23, 2024 Date Signed: July 23, 2024

MJK:ARS 

DEFINITIONS
OF OIL AND GAS RESERVES

Adapted
from U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X Section 210.4-10(a)

The following definitions
are set forth in U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Regulation S-X Section 210.4-10(a). Also included is supplemental
information from (1) the 2018 Petroleum Resources Management System approved by the Society of Petroleum Engineers, (2) the
FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 932, Extractive ActivitiesOil and Gas, and (3) the SEC's Compliance and Disclosure
Interpretations.

(1) Acquisition
of properties. Costs incurred to purchase, lease or otherwise acquire a property, including costs of lease bonuses and options to
purchase or lease properties, the portion of costs applicable to minerals when land including mineral rights is purchased in fee, brokers'
fees, recording fees, legal costs, and other costs incurred in acquiring properties.

(2) Analogous
reservoir. Analogous reservoirs, as used in resources assessments, have similar rock and fluid properties, reservoir conditions (depth,
temperature, and pressure) and drive mechanisms, but are typically at a more advanced stage of development than the reservoir of interest
and thus may provide concepts to assist in the interpretation of more limited data and estimation of recovery. When used to support proved
reserves, an "analogous reservoir" refers to a reservoir that shares the following characteristics with the reservoir of interest:

(i) Same
geological formation (but not necessarily in pressure communication with the reservoir of
interest);

(ii) Same
environment of deposition;

(iii) Similar
geological structure; and

(iv) Same
drive mechanism.

Instruction to paragraph (a)(2):
Reservoir properties must, in the aggregate, be no more favorable in the analog than in the reservoir of interest.

(3) Bitumen.
Bitumen, sometimes referred to as natural bitumen, is petroleum in a solid or semi-solid state in natural deposits with a viscosity greater
than 10,000 centipoise measured at original temperature in the deposit and atmospheric pressure, on a gas free basis. In its natural
state it usually contains sulfur, metals, and other non-hydrocarbons.

(4) Condensate.
Condensate is a mixture of hydrocarbons that exists in the gaseous phase at original reservoir temperature and pressure, but that, when
produced, is in the liquid phase at surface pressure and temperature.

(5) Deterministic
estimate. The method of estimating reserves or resources is called deterministic when a single value for each parameter (from the
geoscience, engineering, or economic data) in the reserves calculation is used in the reserves estimation procedure.

(6) Developed
oil and gas reserves. Developed oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that can be expected to be recovered:

(i) Through
existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or in which the cost of the
required equipment is relatively minor compared to the cost of a new well; and

(ii) Through
installed extraction equipment and infrastructure operational at the time of the reserves
estimate if the extraction is by means not involving a well.

Supplemental
definitions from the 2018 Petroleum Resources Management System:

Developed
Producing Reserves Expected quantities to be recovered from completion intervals that are open and producing at the effective
date of the estimate. Improved recovery Reserves are considered producing only after the improved recovery project is in operation.

Developed
Non-Producing Reserves Shut-in and behind-pipe Reserves. Shut-in Reserves are expected to be recovered from (1) completion
intervals that are open at the time of the estimate but which have not yet started producing, (2) wells which were shut-in for market
conditions or pipeline connections, or (3) wells not capable of production for mechanical reasons. Behind-pipe Reserves are expected
to be recovered from zones in existing wells that will require additional completion work or future re-completion before start of production
with minor cost to access these reserves. In all cases, production can be initiated or restored with relatively low expenditure compared
to the cost of drilling a new well.

(7) Development
costs. Costs incurred to obtain access to proved reserves and to provide facilities for extracting, treating, gathering and storing the
oil and gas. More specifically, development costs, including depreciation and applicable operating costs of support equipment and facilities
and other costs of development activities, are costs incurred to:

(i) Gain
access to and prepare well locations for drilling, including surveying well locations for
the purpose of determining specific development drilling sites, clearing ground, draining,
road building, and relocating public roads, gas lines, and power lines, to the extent necessary
in developing the proved reserves.

(ii) Drill
and equip development wells, development-type stratigraphic test wells, and service wells,
including the costs of platforms and of well equipment such as casing, tubing, pumping equipment,
and the wellhead assembly.

Definitions - Page 1
of 6

DEFINITIONS
OF OIL AND GAS RESERVES

Adapted
from U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X Section 210.4-10(a)

(iii) Acquire,
construct, and install production facilities such as lease flow lines, separators, treaters,
heaters, manifolds, measuring devices, and production storage tanks, natural gas cycling
and processing plants, and central utility and waste disposal systems.

(iv) Provide
improved recovery systems.

(8) Development
project. A development project is the means by which petroleum resources are brought to the status of economically producible. As
examples, the development of a single reservoir or field, an incremental development in a producing field, or the integrated development
of a group of several fields and associated facilities with a common ownership may constitute a development project.

(9) Development
well. A well drilled within the proved area of an oil or gas reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive.

(10) Economically
producible. The term economically producible, as it relates to a resource, means a resource which generates revenue that exceeds,
or is reasonably expected to exceed, the costs of the operation. The value of the products that generate revenue shall be determined
at the terminal point of oil and gas producing activities as defined in paragraph (a)(16) of this section.

(11) Estimated
ultimate recovery (EUR). Estimated ultimate recovery is the sum of reserves remaining as of a given date and cumulative production
as of that date.

(12) Exploration
costs. Costs incurred in identifying areas that may warrant examination and in examining specific areas that are considered to have
prospects of containing oil and gas reserves, including costs of drilling exploratory wells and exploratory-type stratigraphic test wells.
Exploration costs may be incurred both before acquiring the related property (sometimes referred to in part as prospecting costs) and
after acquiring the property. Principal types of exploration costs, which include depreciation and applicable operating costs of support
equipment and facilities and other costs of exploration activities, are:

(i) Costs
of topographical, geographical and geophysical studies, rights of access to properties to
conduct those studies, and salaries and other expenses of geologists, geophysical crews,
and others conducting those studies. Collectively, these are sometimes referred to as geological
and geophysical or "G&G" costs.

(ii) Costs
of carrying and retaining undeveloped properties, such as delay rentals, ad valorem taxes
on properties, legal costs for title defense, and the maintenance of land and lease records.

(iii) Dry
hole contributions and bottom hole contributions.

(iv) Costs
of drilling and equipping exploratory wells.

(v) Costs
of drilling exploratory-type stratigraphic test wells.

(13) Exploratory
well. An exploratory well is a well drilled to find a new field or to find a new reservoir in a field previously found to be productive
of oil or gas in another reservoir. Generally, an exploratory well is any well that is not a development well, an extension well, a service
well, or a stratigraphic test well as those items are defined in this section.

(14) Extension well. An extension well is a well drilled
to extend the limits of a known reservoir.

(15) Field.
An area consisting of a single reservoir or multiple reservoirs all grouped on or related to the same individual geological structural
feature and/or stratigraphic condition. There may be two or more reservoirs in a field which are separated vertically by intervening
impervious strata, or laterally by local geologic barriers, or by both. Reservoirs that are associated by being in overlapping or adjacent
fields may be treated as a single or common operational field. The geological terms "structural feature" and "stratigraphic
condition" are intended to identify localized geological features as opposed to the broader terms of basins, trends, provinces,
plays, areas-of-interest, etc.

(16) Oil
and gas producing activities.

(i) Oil
and gas producing activities include:

(A) The
search for crude oil, including condensate and natural gas liquids, or natural gas ("oil
and gas") in their natural states and original locations;

(B) The
acquisition of property rights or properties for the purpose of further exploration or for
the purpose of removing the oil or gas from such properties;

(C) The
construction, drilling, and production activities necessary to retrieve oil and gas from
their natural reservoirs, including the acquisition, construction, installation, and maintenance
of field gathering and storage systems, such as:

(1) Lifting
the oil and gas to the surface; and

(2) Gathering,
treating, and field processing (as in the case of processing gas to extract liquid hydrocarbons);
and

Definitions - Page 2
of 6

DEFINITIONS
OF OIL AND GAS RESERVES

Adapted
from U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X Section 210.4-10(a)

(D) Extraction
of saleable hydrocarbons, in the solid, liquid, or gaseous state, from oil sands, shale,
coalbeds, or other nonrenewable natural resources which are intended to be upgraded into
synthetic oil or gas, and activities undertaken with a view to such extraction.

Instruction
1 to paragraph (a)(16)(i): The oil and gas production function shall be regarded as ending at a "terminal point", which
is the outlet valve on the lease or field storage tank. If unusual physical or operational circumstances exist, it may be appropriate
to regard the terminal point for the production function as:

a. The
first point at which oil, gas, or gas liquids, natural or synthetic, are delivered to a main
pipeline, a common carrier, a refinery, or a marine terminal; and

b. In
the case of natural resources that are intended to be upgraded into synthetic oil or gas,
if those natural resources are delivered to a purchaser prior to upgrading, the first point
at which the natural resources are delivered to a main pipeline, a common carrier, a refinery,
a marine terminal, or a facility which upgrades such natural resources into synthetic oil
or gas.

Instruction
2 to paragraph (a)(16)(i): For purposes of this paragraph (a)(16), the term saleable hydrocarbons means hydrocarbons that
are saleable in the state in which the hydrocarbons are delivered.

(ii) Oil
and gas producing activities do not include:

(A) Transporting,
refining, or marketing oil and gas;

(B) Processing
of produced oil, gas, or natural resources that can be upgraded into synthetic oil or gas
by a registrant that does not have the legal right to produce or a revenue interest in such
production;

(C) Activities
relating to the production of natural resources other than oil, gas, or natural resources
from which synthetic oil and gas can be extracted; or

(D) Production
of geothermal steam.

(17) Possible
reserves. Possible reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than probable reserves.

(i) When
deterministic methods are used, the total quantities ultimately recovered from a project
have a low probability of exceeding proved plus probable plus possible reserves. When probabilistic
methods are used, there should be at least a 10% probability that the total quantities ultimately
recovered will equal or exceed the proved plus probable plus possible reserves estimates.

(ii) Possible
reserves may be assigned to areas of a reservoir adjacent to probable reserves where data
control and interpretations of available data are progressively less certain. Frequently,
this will be in areas where geoscience and engineering data are unable to define clearly
the area and vertical limits of commercial production from the reservoir by a defined project.

(iii) Possible
reserves also include incremental quantities associated with a greater percentage recovery
of the hydrocarbons in place than the recovery quantities assumed for probable reserves.

(iv) The
proved plus probable and proved plus probable plus possible reserves estimates must be based
on reasonable alternative technical and commercial interpretations within the reservoir or
subject project that are clearly documented, including comparisons to results in successful
similar projects.

(v) Possible
reserves may be assigned where geoscience and engineering data identify directly adjacent
portions of a reservoir within the same accumulation that may be separated from proved areas
by faults with displacement less than formation thickness or other geological discontinuities
and that have not been penetrated by a wellbore, and the registrant believes that such adjacent
portions are in communication with the known (proved) reservoir. Possible reserves may be
assigned to areas that are structurally higher or lower than the proved area if these areas
are in communication with the proved reservoir.

(vi) Pursuant
to paragraph (a)(22)(iii) of this section, where direct observation has defined a highest
known oil (HKO) elevation and the potential exists for an associated gas cap, proved oil
reserves should be assigned in the structurally higher portions of the reservoir above the
HKO only if the higher contact can be established with reasonable certainty through reliable
technology. Portions of the reservoir that do not meet this reasonable certainty criterion
may be assigned as probable and possible oil or gas based on reservoir fluid properties and
pressure gradient interpretations.

(18) Probable
reserves. Probable reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than proved reserves but which, together
with proved reserves, are as likely as not to be recovered.

(i) When
deterministic methods are used, it is as likely as not that actual remaining quantities recovered
will exceed the sum of estimated proved plus probable reserves. When probabilistic methods
are used, there should be at least a 50% probability that the actual quantities recovered
will equal or exceed the proved plus probable reserves estimates.

Definitions - Page 3
of 6

DEFINITIONS
OF OIL AND GAS RESERVES

Adapted
from U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X Section 210.4-10(a)

(ii) Probable
reserves may be assigned to areas of a reservoir adjacent to proved reserves where data control
or interpretations of available data are less certain, even if the interpreted reservoir
continuity of structure or productivity does not meet the reasonable certainty criterion.
Probable reserves may be assigned to areas that are structurally higher than the proved area
if these areas are in communication with the proved reservoir.

(iii) Probable
reserves estimates also include potential incremental quantities associated with a greater
percentage recovery of the hydrocarbons in place than assumed for proved reserves.

(iv) See
also guidelines in paragraphs (a)(17)(iv) and (a)(17)(vi) of this section.

(19) Probabilistic
estimate. The method of estimation of reserves or resources is called probabilistic when the full range of values that could reasonably
occur for each unknown parameter (from the geoscience and engineering data) is used to generate a full range of possible outcomes and
their associated probabilities of occurrence.

(20) Production costs.

(i) Costs
incurred to operate and maintain wells and related equipment and facilities, including depreciation
and applicable operating costs of support equipment and facilities and other costs of operating
and maintaining those wells and related equipment and facilities. They become part of the
cost of oil and gas produced. Examples of production costs (sometimes called lifting costs)
are:

(A) Costs
of labor to operate the wells and related equipment and facilities.

(B) Repairs
and maintenance.

(C) Materials,
supplies, and fuel consumed and supplies utilized in operating the wells and related equipment
and facilities.

(D) Property
taxes and insurance applicable to proved properties and wells and related equipment and facilities.

(E) Severance
taxes.

(ii) Some
support equipment or facilities may serve two or more oil and gas producing activities and
may also serve transportation, refining, and marketing activities. To the extent that the
support equipment and facilities are used in oil and gas producing activities, their depreciation
and applicable operating costs become exploration, development or production costs, as appropriate.
Depreciation, depletion, and amortization of capitalized acquisition, exploration, and development
costs are not production costs but also become part of the cost of oil and gas produced along
with production (lifting) costs identified above.

(21) Proved area. The part of a property to which proved reserves
have been specifically attributed.

(22) Proved
oil and gas reserves. Proved oil and gas reserves are those quantities of oil and gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering
data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically produciblefrom a given date forward, from known reservoirs,
and under existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulationsprior to the time at which contracts providing
the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic
methods are used for the estimation. The project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator must be reasonably certain
that it will commence the project within a reasonable time.

(i) The
area of the reservoir considered as proved includes:

(A) The
area identified by drilling and limited by fluid contacts, if any, and

(B) Adjacent
undrilled portions of the reservoir that can, with reasonable certainty, be judged to be
continuous with it and to contain economically producible oil or gas on the basis of available
geoscience and engineering data.

(ii) In
the absence of data on fluid contacts, proved quantities in a reservoir are limited by the
lowest known hydrocarbons (LKH) as seen in a well penetration unless geoscience, engineering,
or performance data and reliable technology establishes a lower contact with reasonable certainty.

(iii) Where
direct observation from well penetrations has defined a highest known oil (HKO) elevation
and the potential exists for an associated gas cap, proved oil reserves may be assigned in
the structurally higher portions of the reservoir only if geoscience, engineering, or performance
data and reliable technology establish the higher contact with reasonable certainty.

(iv) Reserves
which can be produced economically through application of improved recovery techniques (including,
but not limited to, fluid injection) are included in the proved classification when:

(A) Successful
testing by a pilot project in an area of the reservoir with properties no more favorable
than in the reservoir as a whole, the operation of an installed program in the reservoir
or an analogous reservoir, or other evidence using reliable technology establishes the reasonable
certainty of the engineering analysis on which the project or program was based; and

Definitions - Page 4
of 6

DEFINITIONS
OF OIL AND GAS RESERVES

Adapted
from U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X Section 210.4-10(a)

(B) The
project has been approved for development by all necessary parties and entities, including
governmental entities.

(v) Existing
economic conditions include prices and costs at which economic producibility from a reservoir
is to be determined. The price shall be the average price during the 12-month period prior
to the ending date of the period covered by the report, determined as an unweighted arithmetic
average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within such period, unless prices
are defined by contractual arrangements, excluding escalations based upon future conditions.

(23) Proved properties. Properties with proved reserves.

(24) Reasonable
certainty. If deterministic methods are used, reasonable certainty means a high degree of confidence that the quantities will be
recovered. If probabilistic methods are used, there should be at least a 90% probability that the quantities actually recovered will
equal or exceed the estimate. A high degree of confidence exists if the quantity is much more likely to be achieved than not, and, as
changes due to increased availability of geoscience (geological, geophysical, and geochemical), engineering, and economic data are made
to estimated ultimate recovery (EUR) with time, reasonably certain EUR is much more likely to increase or remain constant than to decrease.

(25) Reliable
technology. Reliable technology is a grouping of one or more technologies (including computational methods) that has been field tested
and has been demonstrated to provide reasonably certain results with consistency and repeatability in the formation being evaluated or
in an analogous formation.

(26) Reserves.
Reserves are estimated remaining quantities of oil and gas and related substances anticipated to be economically producible, as of
a given date, by application of development projects to known accumulations. In addition, there must exist, or there must be a reasonable
expectation that there will exist, the legal right to produce or a revenue interest in the production, installed means of delivering
oil and gas or related substances to market, and all permits and financing required to implement the project.

Note to paragraph
(a)(26): Reserves should not be assigned to adjacent reservoirs isolated by major, potentially sealing, faults until those reservoirs
are penetrated and evaluated as economically producible. Reserves should not be assigned to areas that are clearly separated from a known
accumulation by a non-productive reservoir (i.e., absence of reservoir, structurally low reservoir, or negative test results). Such areas
may contain prospective resources (i.e., potentially recoverable resources from undiscovered accumulations).

Excerpted from the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification Topic 932, Extractive ActivitiesOil and Gas:

932-235-50-30 A standardized
measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to an entity's interests in both of the following shall be disclosed as of the end
of the year:

a. Proved
oil and gas reserves (see paragraphs 932-235-50-3 through 50-11B)

b. Oil
and gas subject to purchase under long-term supply, purchase, or similar agreements and contracts
in which the entity participates in the operation of the properties on which the oil or gas
is located or otherwise serves as the producer of those reserves (see paragraph 932-235-50-7).

The standardized measure
of discounted future net cash flows relating to those two types of interests in reserves may be combined for reporting purposes.

932-235-50-31 All of the
following information shall be disclosed in the aggregate and for each geographic area for which reserve quantities are disclosed in
accordance with paragraphs 932-235-50-3 through 50-11B:

a. Future
cash inflows. These shall be computed by applying prices used in estimating the entity's
proved oil and gas reserves to the year-end quantities of those reserves. Future price changes
shall be considered only to the extent provided by contractual arrangements in existence
at year-end.

b. Future
development and production costs. These costs shall be computed by estimating the expenditures
to be incurred in developing and producing the proved oil and gas reserves at the end of
the year, based on year-end costs and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions.
If estimated development expenditures are significant, they shall be presented separately
from estimated production costs.

c. Future
income tax expenses. These expenses shall be computed by applying the appropriate year-end
statutory tax rates, with consideration of future tax rates already legislated, to the future
pretax net cash flows relating to the entity's proved oil and gas reserves, less the tax
basis of the properties involved. The future income tax expenses shall give effect to tax
deductions and tax credits and allowances relating to the entity's proved oil and gas reserves.

d. Future
net cash flows. These amounts are the result of subtracting future development and production
costs and future income tax expenses from future cash inflows.

e. Discount.
This amount shall be derived from using a discount rate of 10 percent a year to reflect the
timing of the future net cash flows relating to proved oil and gas reserves.

f. Standardized
measure of discounted future net cash flows. This amount is the future net cash flows less
the computed discount.

Definitions - Page 5
of 6

DEFINITIONS
OF OIL AND GAS RESERVES

Adapted
from U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X Section 210.4-10(a)

(27) Reservoir.
A porous and permeable underground formation containing a natural accumulation of producible oil and/or gas that is confined by impermeable
rock or water barriers and is individual and separate from other reservoirs.

(28) Resources.
Resources are quantities of oil and gas estimated to exist in naturally occurring accumulations. A portion of the resources may be
estimated to be recoverable, and another portion may be considered to be unrecoverable. Resources include both discovered and undiscovered
accumulations.

(29) Service
well. A well drilled or completed for the purpose of supporting production in an existing field. Specific purposes of service wells
include gas injection, water injection, steam injection, air injection, salt-water disposal, water supply for injection, observation,
or injection for in-situ combustion.

(30) Stratigraphic
test well. A stratigraphic test well is a drilling effort, geologically directed, to obtain information pertaining to a specific
geologic condition. Such wells customarily are drilled without the intent of being completed for hydrocarbon production. The classification
also includes tests identified as core tests and all types of expendable holes related to hydrocarbon exploration. Stratigraphic tests
are classified as "exploratory type" if not drilled in a known area or "development type" if drilled in a known area.

(31) Undeveloped
oil and gas reserves. Undeveloped oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that are expected to be recovered from new wells
on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion.

(i) Reserves
on undrilled acreage shall be limited to those directly offsetting development spacing areas
that are reasonably certain of production when drilled, unless evidence using reliable technology
exists that establishes reasonable certainty of economic producibility at greater distances.

(ii) Undrilled
locations can be classified as having undeveloped reserves only if a development plan has
been adopted indicating that they are scheduled to be drilled within five years, unless the
specific circumstances, justify a longer time.

From
the SEC's Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations (October 26, 2009):

Although
several types of projects such as constructing offshore platforms and development in urban areas, remote locations or environmentally
sensitive locations by their nature customarily take a longer time to develop and therefore often do justify longer time periods,
this determination must always take into consideration all of the facts and circumstances. No particular type of project per se justifies
a longer time period, and any extension beyond five years should be the exception, and not the rule.

Factors
that a company should consider in determining whether or not circumstances justify recognizing reserves even though development may extend
past five years include, but are not limited to, the following:

The
company's level of ongoing significant development activities in the area to be developed
(for example, drilling only the minimum number of wells necessary to maintain the lease generally
would not constitute significant development activities);

The
company's historical record at completing development of comparable long-term projects;

The
amount of time in which the company has maintained the leases, or booked the reserves, without
significant development activities;

The
extent to which the company has followed a previously adopted development plan (for example,
if a company has changed its development plan several times without taking significant steps
to implement any of those plans, recognizing proved undeveloped reserves typically would
not be appropriate); and

The
extent to which delays in development are caused by external factors related to the physical
operating environment (for example, restrictions on development on Federal lands, but not
obtaining government permits), rather than by internal factors (for example, shifting resources
to develop properties with higher priority).

(iii) Under
no circumstances shall estimates for undeveloped reserves be attributable to any acreage
for which an application of fluid injection or other improved recovery technique is contemplated,
unless such techniques have been proved effective by actual projects in the same reservoir
or an analogous reservoir, as defined in paragraph (a)(2) of this section, or by other
evidence using reliable technology establishing reasonable certainty.

(32) Unproved properties. Properties with no proved reserves.

Definitions - Page 6
of 6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm253053d1_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>wti-20250113.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>wti-20250113_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>wti-20250113_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm253053d1_ex99-2img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm253053d1_ex99-2img007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm253053d1_ex99-2img004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>tm253053d1_ex99-2img005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>tm253053d1_ex99-2img006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 13, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 13, 2025

Entity File Number 1-32414

Entity Registrant Name W&T Offshore, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001288403

Entity Tax Identification Number 72-1121985

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code TX

Entity Address, Address Line One 5718
Westheimer Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite
700

Entity Address, City or Town Houston

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77057

City Area Code 713.

Local Phone Number 626.8525

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.00001

Trading Symbol WTI

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://wtoffshore.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tm253053d1_8k.htm 
wti-20250113.xsd 
wti-20250113_lab.xml 
wti-20250113_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-002767-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>tm253053d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001288403 

2025-01-13 
2025-01-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001288403 
8-K 
2025-01-13 
W&T Offshore, Inc. 
1-32414 
TX 
72-1121985 
5718 Westheimer Road 
Suite 700 
Houston 
TX 
77057 
713. 
626.8525 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.00001 
WTI 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>