<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-003061.txt : 20250113
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-003061.hdr.sgml : 20250113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250113172538
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-003061
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250113
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Gryphon Digital Mining, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001755953
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		IRS NUMBER:				832242651
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39096
		FILM NUMBER:		25527127

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1180 N. TOWN CENTER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89144
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-646-3374

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1180 N. TOWN CENTER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89144

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Akerna Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190614

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MTech Acquisition Holdings Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181015
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0226364-8k_gryphon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000175595300017559532025-01-132025-01-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of
earliest event reported): January 13, 2025

GRYPHON DIGITAL MINING,
INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant
as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware

(State or Other Jurisdiction
of Incorporation)

001-39096 83-2242651

(Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1180 N. Town Center Drive, Suite 100 

Las Vegas, NV 89144

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(702) 945-2700

(Registrants Telephone
Number, Including Area Code)

N/A

(Former Name or Former
Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share GRYP The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-1 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On
January 13, 2025, Gryphon Digital Mining, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase
Agreement) with several institutional and accredited investors and certain directors and officers of the Company (and certain of
their affiliated parties) for the purpose of raising approximately $2.85 million in gross proceeds for the Company. Pursuant to the terms
of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to sell in a registered direct offering an aggregate of (i) 6,941,856 shares (the Shares)
of the Companys common stock, par value $0.00001 per share (the Common Stock) and (ii) warrants to purchase 6,941,856
shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $1.50 per share (the Common Warrants), at a combined purchase price per share
and accompanying Common Warrant equal to $0.40 for third-party investors and $0.516 for directors and officers of the Company.

The
closing of the sales of these securities under the Purchase Agreement is expected to occur on or about January 14, 2025, subject to customary
closing conditions.

The
Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including without limitation, funding of new
bitcoin mining locations, capital expenditures, funding potential acquisitions of additional new mining equipment, other potential or
announced acquisitions, AI and high performance computing infrastructure, investments in existing and future Bitcoin mining projects and
repurchases and redemptions of its common stock, and general working capital.

The
Shares and Common Warrants were offered and sold by the Company pursuant to a prospectus supplement which was filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on January 13, 2025 in connection with a takedown from the Companys effective shelf
registration statement on Form S-3, which was filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024 and subsequently declared effective on April 3,
2024 (File No. 333-277060) (the Registration Statement).

The
forms of the Purchase Agreement and Common Warrant are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 4.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K.
The foregoing summaries of the terms of these documents are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by, such documents, which are
incorporated herein by reference.

The
legal opinion and consent of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP relating to the securities is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report
on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Set
forth below is a list of Exhibits included as part of this Current Report.

4.1 Form of Common Warrant

5.1 Opinion of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

1

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

GRYPHON DIGITAL MINING, INC.

Date: January 13, 2025 By: /s/ Steve Gutterman

Name: Steve Gutterman

Title: Chief Executive Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022636401ex4-1_gryphon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF COMMON WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

Certificate W-00[ ]

Date of Issuance: [ ] Warrant Shares: [ ]

(the Date of Issuance) (the Warrant
Share Number)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, Gryphon Digital Mining, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby grants to [ ], a [ ],
and/or its registered assigns (the Registered Holder) the right (this Warrant) to purchase
from the Company a number of shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (Common Stock),
equal to the Warrant Share Number at a price per share equal to $1.50 (the Exercise Price). This Warrant, and any
additional warrants issued from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof, are collectively referred to herein as the Warrants.
Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in Section 6, unless the context otherwise requires. The amount and kind of
securities obtainable pursuant to the rights granted hereunder are subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions contained in this
Warrant.

This Warrant is subject to the following provisions:

Section 1. Exercise of Warrant.

1A. Exercise
Period. Subject to Section 1D, the holder of this Warrant may exercise, in whole or in part (but not as to a fractional share
of Common Stock), the purchase rights represented by this Warrant at any time and from time to time after the Date of Issuance to and
including the tenth (10th) anniversary hereof (the Exercise Period).

1B. Exercise Procedures.

(i) 
This Warrant shall be deemed to have been exercised (in whole or in part) when the Company has received all of the following items (as
the case may be from time to time, the Exercise Time):

(a) 
a completed Exercise Agreement, executed by the Person exercising all or part of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant (the
Purchaser)

(b)
this Warrant

(c) 
if this Warrant is not registered in the name of the Purchaser, an assignment or assignments in the form of Exhibit A attached
hereto (each, an Assignment) evidencing the assignment of this Warrant to such Purchaser, in which case the Registered
Holder shall have complied with the provisions set forth in Section 8 and

(d) 
either (x) wire transfer of immediately available funds or a check payable to the Company in an amount equal to the product of the Exercise
Price and the number of shares of Common Stock being purchased upon such exercise (the Aggregate Exercise Price)
or (y) the holder of this Warrant may exchange all or part of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant by surrendering this Warrant
to the Company, together with a written notice to the Company that such holder is exchanging this Warrant (or a portion thereof) for an
aggregate number of shares of Common Stock specified in the notice, from which the Company shall withhold and not issue to such holder
a number of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate Market Price equal to the Aggregate Exercise Price of the shares of Common Stock
specified in such notice (and such withheld shares shall no longer be issuable under this Warrant).

(ii) 
The Company shall deliver to the Purchaser, no later than five (5) Business Days after any Exercise Time, shares of Common Stock issued
upon the applicable exercise of this Warrant (Warrant Exercise Shares). Unless the Exercise Period has expired or
all of the purchase rights represented hereby have been exercised, the Company shall, in the case of each Exercise Time, prepare a new
Warrant, substantially identical hereto, representing the rights formerly represented by this Warrant which have not expired or been exercised
and shall, within such five (5) Business Day period, deliver such new Warrant to the Person designated for such delivery in the Exercise
Agreement.

(iii) Notwithstanding
the five (5) Business Day period described in Section 1B.(iii), the Warrant Exercise Shares shall be deemed to have been issued
to the Purchaser at the Exercise Time, and the Purchaser shall be deemed for all purposes to have become the record holder of such Warrant
Exercise Shares at the Exercise Time.

(iv) 
The issuance from time to time of Warrant Exercise Shares or any new Warrant shall be made without charge to the Registered Holder or
the Purchaser for any issuance tax in respect thereof or other cost incurred by the Company in connection therewith. Each Warrant Exercise
Share shall upon payment of the Exercise Price therefor, be fully paid and nonassessable and free and clear of all liens.

(v) 
The Company shall not close its books against the transfer of this Warrant or any Warrant Exercise Shares in any manner which interferes
with the timely exercise of this Warrant. The Company shall from time to time take all such action as may be necessary to assure that
the par value per share of the unissued Common Stock acquirable upon exercise of this Warrant is at all times equal to or less than the
Exercise Price then in effect.

(vi) 
The Company shall provide reasonable assistance and cooperation to any Registered Holder or Purchaser in connection with any filings required
to be made with, or approvals required to be obtained of, any Governmental Authority by such Registered Holder or Purchaser prior to or
in connection with any exercise of this Warrant (including by making any filings required to be made by the Company).

(vii) 
Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, if an exercise of any portion of this Warrant is to be made in connection with a registered
public offering or the sale of the Company or any direct or indirect parent of the Company, the exercise of any portion of this Warrant
may, at the election of the holder hereof, be conditioned upon the consummation of such registered public offering or sale, in which case
such exercise shall not be deemed to be effective until the consummation of such transaction.

(viii) The
Company shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock solely for the purpose
of issuance upon the exercise of the Warrants, such number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of all outstanding Warrants.
The Company shall take all such actions as may be necessary to assure that all such shares of Common Stock may be so issued without violating
the Companys governing documents, any applicable Law or any requirements of any U.S. securities exchange upon which shares of Common
Stock may be listed. The Company shall not take any action which would cause the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock
to be less than the number of such shares required to be reserved hereunder for issuance upon exercise of the Warrants.

(ix) Upon
any exercise of this Warrant, the Company may require customary investment representations from the Purchaser to the extent necessary
to assure that the issuance of the Common Stock hereunder shall not require registration or qualification under the Act, or the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any other applicable securities Laws (including as to the Purchasers investment intent
and as to its status as an accredited investor (as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Act)).

2

1C. Exercise
Agreement. Upon any exercise of this Warrant, the exercise agreement to be delivered by the Purchaser pursuant to Section 1B.(i)(a)
shall be substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Exercise Agreement), except that if the
Warrant Exercise Shares are not to be issued in the name of the Purchaser, the Exercise Agreement shall also state the name of the Person
to whom the certificates for such Warrant Exercise Shares are to be issued, and if the number of Warrant Exercise Shares to be issued
in connection with such exercise does not include all the shares of Common Stock purchasable hereunder, it shall also state the name of
the Person to whom a new Warrant for the unexercised portion of the rights hereunder is to be delivered. Such Exercise Agreement shall
be dated the actual date of execution thereof.

1D. Registered
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Registered Holder shall not
have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to any sections herein, to the extent that, after giving effect to the
issuance of the Warrant Exercise Shares issuable pursuant to such exercise as set forth in the applicable Exercise Agreement, the Registered
Holder (together with the Registered Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Registered Holder
or any of the Registered Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own a
number of shares of Common Stock in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below) provided, however, that the
Registered Holder shall be permitted to exercise this Warrant for a number of Warrant Exercise Shares in excess of the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation upon of written approval from such Registered Holder and the receipt of such approval as may be required by the applicable
rules and regulations. For purposes of this Section 1D, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act),
it being acknowledged by the Registered Holder that the Company is not representing to the Registered Holder that such calculation is
in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Registered Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be
filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 1D applies, the determination of whether
this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Registered Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Registered Holder, and the submission
of an Exercise Agreement shall be deemed to be the Registered Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in
relation to other securities owned by the Registered Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion
of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, if applicable, and the Company shall have
no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated
above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. For purposes of this Section 1D, in determining
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Registered Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as
reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission,
as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, and any successor transfer agent of the Company (the Transfer
Agent), setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Registered Holder,
the Company shall within one business day confirm orally and in writing to the Registered Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Registered Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since
the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding before the initial issuance of this Warrant. To the extent any
interpretation and implementation of any provision in this paragraph in conformity with the express terms of this Section 1D would
result in aggregate beneficial ownership of Common Stock by the Registered Holder and Attribution Parties in excess of the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, the parties hereto shall immediately amend, modify or supplement such provision, with retroactive effect, to the
extent necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation.

3

Section 2. Adjustment of Number of
Warrant Exercise Shares. The number of shares of Common Stock obtainable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be subject to adjustment
from time to time as provided in this Section 2.

2A. Customary Adjustments.

(i) Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock. If the Company at any time prior to the expiration of the Exercise Period subdivides
(by any stock split, stock dividend, reclassification, recapitalization or other similar transaction) one or more classes of its Common
Stock into a greater number of shares, the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately
increased. If the Company at any time prior to the expiration of the Exercise Period combines (by reverse stock split, reclassification,
recapitalization or other similar transaction) one or more classes of its Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the number of
shares of Common Stock obtainable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately decreased.

(ii)
Reorganization, Reclassification,
Consolidation, Merger or Sale. Prior to the consummation of any Organic Change, the Company shall make appropriate provision to insure
that each holder of the Warrants shall thereafter have the right to acquire and receive, in lieu of or in addition to (as the case may
be) the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore acquirable and receivable upon the exercise of such holders Warrant, such
cash, stock, securities or other assets or property as would have been issued or payable in such Organic Change (if the holder had exercised
this Warrant immediately prior to such Organic Change) with respect to or in exchange for the number of shares of Common Stock immediately
theretofore acquirable and receivable upon exercise of such holders Warrant had such Organic Change not taken place. In any such
case, the Company shall make appropriate provision with respect to such holders rights and interests to insure that the provisions
of this Section 2 and Sections 3 and 4 shall thereafter be applicable to the Warrants (including, in the case of any such
consolidation, merger or sale in which the successor entity or purchasing entity is other than the Company, an immediate adjustment in
the number and class of securities acquirable and receivable upon exercise of the Warrants). The Company shall not effect any Organic
Change, unless prior to the consummation thereof, the successor entity (if other than the Company) which would result from such Organic
Change assumes irrevocably and in writing, expressly for the benefit of each holder of Warrants (which assumption shall, unless such
Organic Change is a bona fide third party transaction undertaken with a Person or Persons who are not Affiliates of the Company or its
Subsidiaries, be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Requisite Holders), the obligation to deliver to each holder of
the Warrants such cash, stock, securities or other assets or property as, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, such holder may
be entitled to acquire.

(iii) Certain
Events. If any event occurs of the type contemplated by the provisions of this Section 2A, but not expressly provided for by
such provisions (including the granting of stock appreciation rights, phantom stock rights or other rights with equity features), then
the Company shall make an appropriate adjustment in the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable upon exercise of this Warrant so as
to protect the rights of the holder of this Warrant provided that, no such adjustment pursuant to this Section 2A.(iii) shall
decrease the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable as otherwise determined pursuant to this Section 2A.

4

2B. Notices. The Company shall give written notice
to the Registered Holder:

(i) 
promptly and in any event within one (1) day, upon any adjustment to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable upon exercise of
this Warrant pursuant to Section 2A, setting forth in reasonable detail and certifying the calculation of such adjustment

(ii) at
least ten (10) Business Days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (x) with respect to any dividend
or distribution upon the Common Stock, (y) with respect to any pro rata subscription offer to holders of Common Stock or (z) for
determining rights to vote with respect to any Organic Change, dissolution or liquidation and

(iii) at
least ten (10) Business Days prior to the date on which any Organic Change, dissolution or liquidation shall take place

or, in the case of any of the foregoing
clauses (ii) through (iv) above, such shorter period of time to the extent determined by the Company Board in good faith that it would
not be reasonably practicable for the Company to provide such notice at least ten (10) Business Days prior, in which case the Company
shall provide such notice as promptly as reasonably practicable prior.

Section 3.
Liquidating Dividends. If at any time prior to the expiration of the Exercise Period, the Company declares or pays a dividend upon
the Common Stock payable otherwise than in cash out of earnings or earned surplus (determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, consistently applied) except for a stock dividend payable in shares of Common Stock (a Liquidating Dividend),
then the Company shall pay to the Registered Holder, at the time of payment thereof, cash, in an amount equal to the portion of the Liquidating
Dividend that would have been paid to the Registered Holder had this Warrant been fully exercised immediately prior to the date on which
a record is taken for such Liquidating Dividend, or, if no record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock entitled
to such dividends are to be determined.

Section 4.
Purchase Rights. If at any time prior to the expiration of the Exercise Period, the Company grants, issues or sells any Options,
Convertible Securities or other rights to acquire securities of the Company or other property pro rata to the record holders of
any class of Common Stock (Purchase Rights), then the Registered Holder shall be entitled to aggregate Purchase Rights,
upon terms no less favorable than those offered to the record holders of Common Stock, equal to the Purchase Rights that the Registered
Holder would have been entitled had this Warrant been fully exercised immediately prior to the date on which a record is taken for the
issuance of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined
for the issuance of such Purchase Rights.

Section 5.
No Duplication Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, if the provisions of more than one sub-section of Section
2 (including Sections 2A and 2D), Section 3 or Section 4 could require, in connection with a single transaction
or issuance, an adjustment to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable upon exercise of this Warrant and/or issuance of additional
Warrants, rights or securities to the Registered Holder under this Warrant, only one such provision shall apply, without duplication,
and only one adjustment or issuance shall be made in connection therewith (it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that with
respect to any single transaction, the holder of this Warrant may be entitled either to such an adjustment or to the issuance of additional
rights or securities, as is more favorable to the holder, as determined by the Requisite Holders, but not both), and there shall be no
adjustment or issuance of rights or other securities to the Registered Holder pursuant to this Warrant with respect to (i) Common Stock
issued or issuable upon exercise of the Warrants or in respect of any Purchase Rights granted, issued or sold to the holder of this Warrant
pursuant to Section 4, or (ii) the issuance of any Common Stock or other securities upon conversion, exchange or exercise of any
securities outstanding on the date hereof.

5

Section 6. Definitions. The following terms have
meanings set forth below:

Affiliate has the meaning set forth
in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Business
Day means a day other than Saturday, Sunday or any day on which banks located in the State of New York are authorized or obligated
to close.

Governmental
Authority means any (i) government, (ii) governmental or quasi- governmental authority of any nature (including any governmental
agency, branch, department, official or entity and any court or other tribunal) or (iii) body exercising, or entitled to exercise, any
administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, police, regulatory or taxing authority or power of any nature, in each case, whether
federal, state, local, municipal, U.S. or non U.S., supranational or of any other jurisdiction.

Law
means all laws, statutes, rules, regulations, codes, injunctions, decrees, orders, ordinances, registration requirements, disclosure requirements
and other pronouncements having the effect of law of the United States, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, any other country or any
U.S. or non-U.S. state, county, city or other political subdivision or of any Governmental Authority.

Market
Price means as to any security the average of the closing prices of such securitys sales on all U.S. securities exchanges
on which such security may at the time be listed, or, if there have been no sales on any such exchange on any day, the average of the
highest bid and lowest asked prices on all such exchanges at the end of such day, or, if on any day such security is not so listed, the
average of the highest bid and lowest asked prices on such day in the U.S. over-the-counter market as reported by OTC Market Group Inc.,
or any similar successor organization, in each such case averaged over a period of eleven (11) days consisting of the day as of which
Market Price is being determined and the ten (10) consecutive Business Days prior to such day provided that, if such
security is listed on any U.S. securities exchange or quoted in a U.S. over-the- counter market the term Business Day as
used in this sentence means Business Days on which such exchange or market, as applicable, is open for trading. If at any time such security
is not listed on any U.S. securities exchange or quoted in the U.S. over-the-counter market, the Market Price shall be the
fair value thereof reasonably determined in good faith by the Company Board (without applying any marketability, minority or other discounts)
provided that, if the Requisite Holders in good faith dispute such determination, fair value shall be determined (without applying any
marketability, minority or other discounts) by an appraiser jointly selected by the Company and the Requisite Holders. The Company and
the Requisite Holders shall instruct such appraiser that it may not assign a fair value greater than the greatest value determined by
either such party nor less than the lowest value determined by either such party. The determination of such appraiser shall be final and
binding on the Company and the holders of the Warrants, and the fees and expenses of such appraiser shall be paid by the Company
provided that, if such appraiser determines that the actual fair value of the relevant consideration is (i) less than five percent (5%)
more or less (as the case may be) than the fair value as determined by the Company Board, and (ii) closer to the fair value as determined
by the Company Board than to the fair value as determined by the Requisite Holders, then such fees and expenses shall be paid by the Requisite
Holders provided, further, that each holder of Warrants agrees that it shall reimburse, upon demand, the Requisite Holders for such
holders proportional share of such fees and expenses based on the number of Warrants held by such holder.

Organic
Change means any recapitalization, reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale of all or substantially all
of the Companys assets or other similar transaction, in each case which is effected in such a way that the holders of Common Stock
are entitled to receive (either directly or upon subsequent liquidation) cash, stock, securities or other assets or property with respect
to or in exchange for Common Stock.

Person
means an individual, a partnership, a limited liability company, a corporation, an association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint
venture, an unincorporated organization, a Governmental Authority or another entity.

6

Requisite
Holders means Registered Holders of Warrants representing a majority of the Common Stock obtainable upon exercise of all Warrants
then outstanding.

Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association or other business entity of which
(i) if a corporation, a majority of the total voting power of shares of stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency)
to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that
Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof, or (ii) if a partnership, limited liability company
or other business entity, a majority of the partnership, limited liability company or other similar ownership interest thereof is at the
time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination
thereof. For purposes hereof, a Person or Persons shall be deemed to have a majority ownership interest in a partnership, limited liability
company or other business entity if such Person or Persons shall be allocated a majority of partnership, limited liability company or
other business entity gains or losses or shall be or control the managing member or general partner of such partnership, limited liability
company or other business entity.

Section 7. No
Voting Rights Limitations of Liability. This Warrant shall not entitle the holder hereof to any voting rights or other rights
as a shareholder of the Company. No provision hereof, in the absence of affirmative action by the holder of this Warrant to purchase Common
Stock, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of such holder shall give rise to any liability of such holder for the Exercise
Price of Common Stock acquirable by exercise hereof or as a shareholder of the Company.

Section 8. Assignment
and Transfer. Subject to the transfer conditions and restrictions referred to in the legend endorsed hereon, this Warrant and all
rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, without charge to the Registered Holder, upon surrender of this Warrant with a
properly executed Assignment at the principal office of the Company. In connection with any such transfer, the Company shall issue in
the name of the transferee a new Warrant of like kind representing the same rights represented by this Warrant. Any transfer in violation
of the transfer conditions or restrictions referred to in the legend endorsed hereon shall be void ab initio.

Section 9. Warrant
Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Warrant is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Registered Holder at the
principal office of the Company, for new Warrants of like tenor representing in the aggregate the purchase rights hereunder, and such
new Warrants shall represent such portion of the rights hereunder as is designated by the Registered Holder at the time of such surrender.
The date the Company initially issues this Warrant shall be deemed to be the Date of Issuance hereof regardless of
the number of times new certificates representing the unexpired and unexercised rights formerly represented by this Warrant shall be issued.
All Warrants representing portions of the rights hereunder are referred to herein as Warrants.

Section 10.
Replacement. If any certificate evidencing the Warrants is lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated, the Company shall (at its expense),
upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company (an affidavit of the Registered Holder shall be deemed to be satisfactory)
of the ownership of the Warrants, execute and deliver in lieu of such certificate a new certificate of like kind representing the same
rights represented by such lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated certificate and dated the date of such lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated
certificate.

7

Section 11.
Notices. All notices, requests and other communications hereunder must be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given
only if delivered personally against written receipt or by facsimile transmission against facsimile confirmation or mailed by prepaid
first class certified mail, return receipt requested, or mailed by overnight courier prepaid, to (x) the Company, at its principal executive
office, with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to 1180 N. Town Center Drive, Suite 100, Las Vegas, NV 89144 to the attention
of Steve Gutterman, and (y) the Registered Holder, at [ ], with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to. All such notices, requests
and other communications will (i) if delivered personally to the address as provided in this Section 11, be deemed given on the
day so delivered, or, if delivered after 5:00 p.m. local time of the recipient or on a day other than a Business Day, then on the next
proceeding Business Day, or if delivered by facsimile transmission or email as provided in this Section 11, be deemed delivered upon confirmation
of receipt, (ii) if delivered by mail in the manner described above to the address as provided in this Section 11, be deemed given
on the earlier of the third (3rd) Business Day following mailing or upon receipt and (iii) if delivered by overnight courier to the address
as provided for in this Section 11, be deemed given on the earlier of the first (1st) Business Day following the date sent by such
overnight courier or upon receipt, in each case regardless of whether such notice, request or other communication is received by any other
Person to whom a copy of such notice is to be delivered pursuant to this Section 11. Either party hereto from time to time may
change its address, facsimile number, email address or other information for the purpose of notices to that party by giving notice specifying
such change to the other party.

Section 12.
Remedies. The Company hereby agrees that, in the event that the Company violates any provisions of this Warrant (including the
obligation to deliver shares of Common Stock upon the exercise thereof), the remedies at Law available to the holder of this Warrant may
be inadequate. In such event, the Requisite Holders and, with the prior written consent of the Requisite Holders, the holder of this Warrant,
shall have the right, in addition to all other rights and remedies any of them may have, to specific performance and/or injunctive or
other equitable relief to enforce or prevent any violations by the Company of this Warrant and/or any other Warrants.

Section 13.
Amendment and Waiver. No amendment of any provision of this Warrant shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed
by the Company and the Requisite Holders.

Section 14.
Descriptive Headings Governing Law. The descriptive headings of the several sections and paragraphs of this Warrant are inserted
for convenience only and do not constitute a part of this Warrant. All matters arising out of or relating to this Warrant and the transactions
contemplated hereby (including its interpretation, construction, performance and enforcement) shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the internal laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to any choice or conflict of Law provision or rule (whether of the
State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of laws of any jurisdictions other than those of the State
of Delaware.

* * * * * *

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this
Warrant to be signed by its duly authorized officer as of the Date of lssuance.

GRYPHON DIGITAL MINING, INC.

By: 

Name: Steve Gutterman

Title: Chief Executive Officer

9

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED: 

[ ] 

By: 

Name: [ ] 

Title: [ ] 

[Signature Page
Warrant]

10

EXHIBIT A

ASSIGNMENT

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, ___________ hereby sells, assigns and transfers all of the rights of the undersigned under the attached Warrant (Certificate
No. W- ________) with respect to the number of shares of the Common Stock covered thereby set forth below, unto:

Name of Assignee Address of Assignee Number of Underlying Shares Assigned

[Assignor]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

11

EXHIBIT B

EXERCISE AGREEMENT

To: Dated:

The undersigned, pursuant to the
provisions set forth in the attached Warrant (Certificate No. W- _______________________), hereby agrees to subscribe for the purchase of _______________________________shares
of the Common Stock covered by such Warrant.

Check one box:

I am attaching a cashiers, personal or certified check, or have arranged for a wire transfer of immediately available funds
to the Company, in an amount equal to the Aggregate Exercise Price.

I hereby surrender to the Company debt or equity securities of the Company having a Market Price equal
to the Aggregate Exercise Price.

In
lieu of paying cash, I have elected to receive such lesser number of shares of Common Stock as determined pursuant to Section 1B.(ii)
of the attached Warrant.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022636401ex5-1_gryphon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION OF ELLENOFF GROSSMAN & SCHOLE LLP
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, 11th
FLOOR

NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10017

TELEPHONE: (212) 370-1300

FACSIMILE: (212) 370-7889

www.egsllp.com

January 13, 2025

Gryphon Digital Mining, Inc.

1180 N. Town Center Drive, Suite 100 

Las Vegas, NV 89144

Re: Registration Statement on Form S-3 (333-277060)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We
have acted as counsel to Gryphon Digital Mining, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the
above-referenced registration statement (the Registration Statement), the base prospectus dated April 3, 2024 (the
Base Prospectus) and the prospectus supplement dated January 13, 2025 (the Base Prospectus and the Prospectus
Supplement, the Prospectus), relating to the offering by the Company of (i) 6,941,856 shares (the Shares)
of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock) and (ii) warrants to investors to
purchase 6,941,856 shares of Common Stock (the Warrants, and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of
the Warrants, the Warrant Shares). The Shares and Warrants are covered by the Registration Statement and we understand
that the Shares and Warrants are to be offered and sold in the manner described in the Prospectus. This opinion is being delivered at
the request of the Company and in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the Commission.

For purposes of this opinion,
we have examined such documents and reviewed such questions of law as we have considered necessary and appropriate for the purposes of
our opinion set forth below. In rendering our opinion, we have assumed the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals,
the genuineness of all signatures and the conformity to authentic originals of all documents submitted to us as copies. We have also assumed
the legal capacity for all purposes relevant hereto of all natural persons and, with respect to all parties to agreements or instruments
relevant hereto other than the Company, that such parties had the requisite power and authority (corporate or otherwise) to execute, deliver
and perform such agreements or instruments, that such agreements or instruments have been duly authorized by all requisite action (corporate
or otherwise), executed and delivered by such parties and that such agreements or instruments are the valid, binding and enforceable obligations
of such parties. As to questions of fact material to our opinions, we have relied upon certificates of officers of the Company and of
public officials.

Based upon and subject to the
foregoing, we are of the opinion that (i) the Shares have been duly authorized and, when issued and paid for as described in the Prospectus,
will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, (ii) when the Warrants are issued, delivered and paid for, such Warrants will be
the legal binding obligations of the Company enforceable in accordance with their terms except (a) as such enforceability may be limited
by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles
(regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), (b) as enforceability of any indemnification
or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, (c) that the remedy of specific performance and
injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which
any proceeding therefor may be brought, and (d) we express no opinion as to whether a state court outside of the State of New York or
a federal court of the United States would give effect to the choice of New York law provided for in the Warrants, and (iii) upon exercise
of the Warrants in accordance with their terms, the Warrant Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

We express no opinion as to
matters governed by any laws other than the Delaware General Corporation Law, the laws of the State of New York and the federal laws of
the United States of America, all as in effect on the date hereof.

We consent to the filing of
this opinion with the SEC as Exhibit 5.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 13, 2025 which is incorporated
by reference in the Prospectus. We also consent to the reference of our firm under the caption Experts in the Prospectus
and in each case in any amendment or supplement thereto. In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of
persons whose consent is required under Section 7 and Section 11 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder, nor do we admit that we are experts with respect to any part of the
Prospectus within the meaning of the term expert as used in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the related rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea022636401ex10-1_gryphon.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement
(this Agreement) is dated as of January 13, 2025, between Gryphon Digital Mining, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns,
a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act (as defined below),
the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company,
securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are
hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring Person
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or
any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Shares and the Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1.

1

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Shares and the Warrants, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first
(1st) Trading Day following the date hereof.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Common
Warrants means, collectively, the Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with
Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Common Warrants shall be exercisable from and after Closing Date and have a term equal to ten years, in the
form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Common
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants.

Company
Counsel means Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, with offices located at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor,
New York, NY 10105.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date
hereof, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day,
no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(i).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Federal
Reserve shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(mm).

GAAP
means United States generally accepted accounting principles.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

2

Per Share
Purchase Price equals $[0.516/0.40].

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Pre-Funded
Warrants means, collectively, the Pre-Funded Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance
with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Pre-Funded Warrants shall be exercisable immediately and shall expire when exercised in full, in the
form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus
means the base prospectus filed for the Registration Statement, including all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated
by reference into such prospectus.

Prospectus
Supplement means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act, including all information,
documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such prospectus supplement, that is filed with the Commission and
delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at the Closing.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.6.

Registration
Statement means the effective registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-277060) filed with the Commission, including
all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such registration statement, which registers the
issuance and sale of the Securities to the Purchasers.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Securities
means the Shares, the Warrants, and the Warrant Shares.

3

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, but excluding the Warrant Shares.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock). 

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants (if applicable)
and the Common Warrants purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and
next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds (excluding for the
avoidance of doubt, if applicable, a Purchasers aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants, which amounts shall be paid
as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised for cash).

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Warrants, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements
executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address
of 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004-1561 and an email address of cstmail@continentalstock.com, and any successor transfer
agent of the Company.

Warrants
means, collectively, the Common Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

4

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally
and not jointly, agree to purchase an aggregate of approximately $[_______] million of Shares and Common Warrants; provided, however,
that, to the extent that a Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchaser (together with such Purchasers Affiliates,
and any Person acting as a group together with such Purchaser or any of such Purchasers Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess
of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, or as such Purchaser may otherwise choose, in lieu of purchasing Shares, such Purchaser may elect,
by so indicating such election prior to their issuance, to purchase Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of Shares in such manner to result in
the same aggregate purchase price being paid by such Purchaser to the Company. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% (or, with respect to each Purchaser, at the election of such Purchaser at Closing, 9.99%) of the number of shares of the
Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Shares on the Closing Date. In each case, the election
to receive Pre-Funded Warrants is solely at the option of the Purchaser. Each Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the
signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment (DVP)
settlement with the Company or its designee. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and a Common Warrant (and,
if applicable, a Pre-Funded Warrant) as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other
items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2
and 2.3, the Closing shall take place remotely by electronic transmission of the Closing documentation. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, if at any time on or after the time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser, through,
and including the time immediately prior to the Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), such Purchaser sells to any
Person all, or any portion, of the Shares to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement
Shares), such Purchaser shall, automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company),
be deemed to be unconditionally bound to purchase such Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser at the Closing; provided, that the Company
shall not be required to deliver any Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser prior to the Companys receipt of the purchase price
of such Pre-Settlement Shares hereunder; and provided further that the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the forgoing shall
not constitute a representation or covenant by such Purchaser as to whether or not during the Pre-Settlement Period such Purchaser shall
sell any shares of Common Stock to any Person and that any such decision to sell any shares of Common Stock by such Purchaser shall solely
be made at the time such Purchaser elects to effect any such sale, if any. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s)
of Exercise (as defined in the Pre-Warrants) delivered on or prior to 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately prior
to the Closing Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of this Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the
Pre-Funded Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date and the Closing Date shall be
the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as defined in the Pre-Funded Warrants) for purposes hereunder.

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On
or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) the
Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief
Financial Officer;

5

(iii) subject
to Section 2.1, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited
basis Shares equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price (minus the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such Purchasers Pre-Funded Warrants, if applicable), registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(iv) a
Common Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of such Purchasers
Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, if applicable, with an exercise price equal to $1.50 per share, subject to adjustment therein;

(v) if
applicable, for each Purchaser of Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1, a Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser
to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable to
Pre-Funded Warrants divided by the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.0001, with an exercise price equal to $0.0001, subject to adjustment
therein; and

(vi) the
Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

(b) On
or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii) such
Purchasers Subscription Amount (minus, if applicable, a Purchasers aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants,
which amounts shall be paid as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised for cash), which shall be made available for DVP settlement
with the Company or its designee.

2.3 Closing
Conditions.

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless such
representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the
extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

6

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;
and

(iii) the
delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The
respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless such
representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the
extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;
and

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement.

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to
own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in
violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected
to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse
effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis
its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding
has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority
or qualification.

7

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or
upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute
the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by
general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive
relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(d) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it
is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do
not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of
incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with
notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets
of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration
or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing
a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property
or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in
a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority
to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property
or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not,
individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant
to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) the notice and/or application(s)
to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the Shares and the Warrant Shares for
trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iv) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities
laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

8

(f) Issuance
of the Securities; Registration. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable
Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company.
The Warrants, when paid for and issued in accordance with this Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company,
enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and subject to general principles of equity. The
Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement
and the Warrants. The Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities
Act, which became effective on April 3, 2024, including the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been
required to the date of this Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing
or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus has been issued by
the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission.
The Company, if required by the rules and regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus Supplement with the Commission pursuant
to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement and
at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the
requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and any amendments or
supplements thereto, at the time the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and
will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. The Company was at the time of the filing of the Registration Statement eligible to use Form
S-3. The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and it meets the transaction requirements as set forth in General
Instruction I.B.1 of Form S-3.

(g) Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or
any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority
or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation
all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality
and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

(h) Title
to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good
and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each
case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere
with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal,
state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither
delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by
them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

9

(i) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, and any and all applicable rules and regulations
promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries
maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements
general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable
intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such
disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules
and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company
and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date,
the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the
conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as
of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such
term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(j) Certain
Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial
advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or
on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents.

(k) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be
or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company
shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(l) No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither
the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales
of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be
integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on
which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

10

(m) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely
in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.
The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity)
with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their
respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely
incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions
contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate
as of such date):

(a) Organization;
Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company
or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise
to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a
party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(b) Understandings
or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement
or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c) Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which
it exercises any Warrants, it will be either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7),
(a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule
144A(a) under the Securities Act.

11

(d) Experience
of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e) Access
to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits
and schedules thereto) and the Companys filings with the Commission and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions
as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the
offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its
financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment;
and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort
or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. 

(f) Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has
any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or
sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first
received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms
of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers
assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions
of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by
the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons
party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners,
legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made
to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for
the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect
to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

The Company acknowledges and
agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on
the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any
other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute
a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or
similar transactions in the future.

12

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Shares
and Warrant Shares. Other than Shares issued to Affiliates of the Company, the Shares shall be issued free of legends. If all or any
portion of a Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the issuance or resale of the Warrant
Shares or if the Warrant is exercised via cashless exercise, the Warrant Shares issued pursuant to any such exercise shall be issued free
of all legends, other than Warrant Shares issued to Affiliates of the Company. If at any time following the date hereof the Registration
Statement (or any subsequent registration statement registering the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares) is not effective or is not otherwise
available for the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares, the Company shall immediately notify the holders of the Warrants in writing that
such registration statement is not then effective and thereafter shall promptly notify such holders when the registration statement is
effective again and available for the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not
limit the ability of the Company to issue, or any Purchaser to sell, any of the Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable federal and
state securities laws). The Company shall use best efforts to keep a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) registering
the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares effective during the term of the Warrants.

4.2 Furnishing
of Information. Until the earlier of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities and (ii) the Warrants have expired, the Company
covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to
be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act.

4.3 Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section
2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of
any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval
is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the
transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto,
with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents
to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents connection with the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges
and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, on the one hand, and any of the
Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands
and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

13

4.5 Non-Public
Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its
behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes,
material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such information
and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser
shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company, any
of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public
information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not
have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates
or agents, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or
agents, not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable
law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice with the
Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the
foregoing covenant in effecting transactions

4.6 Indemnification
of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.6, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors,
officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners
or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such
title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses,
liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court
costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of
or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement
or in the other Transaction Documents, or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their
respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations,
warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such
stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which
is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought against
any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify
the Company in writing, and, the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably
acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate
in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent
that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable
period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel a material
conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company
shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to
any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written
consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage
or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.6
shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received
or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser
Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

14

4.7 Reservation
of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at all
times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue the Shares
pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants.

4.8 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it nor
any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales
of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section
4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, such Purchaser
will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation,
warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section
4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance
with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced
pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty
not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors,
employees, Affiliates or agent, after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions
of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio
managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.9 Exercise
Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers
in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers
to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to exercise the
Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver the Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions
and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

15

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. 
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated
on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination
will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees
and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses
of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation,
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without
limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered
by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement,
contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents,
exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email
attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a
Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment
at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally
recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address
for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To the extent that any notice provided
pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries,
the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

5.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants
based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver,
by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately
and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of at least 50.1% in interest of such disproportionately impacted
Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement
of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other
provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner
impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the
rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior
written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon
each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

16

5.6 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other
than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or
transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by
the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in
Section 4.8.

5.9 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such
court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action
or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section
4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

5.10 Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

17

5.11 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery (including any electronic
signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act
or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method, such signature shall be deemed to have been duly and validly
delivered and shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with
the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of
the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and
the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw,
in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part
without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that in the case of a rescission of an exercise of
a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise notice
concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration
of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement
warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

5.14 Replacement
of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall
issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of
such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15 Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby
agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would
be adequate.

18

5.16 Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser
enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part
thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required
to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without
limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration
the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such
payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17 Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and
not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. The
Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not
because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained
in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and
the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18 Saturdays, Sundays,
Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.19 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.20 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES
EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY
AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature Pages Follow)

19

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first
indicated above.

GRYPHON DIGITAL MINING, INC. Address for Notice:

By: E-Mail:

Name: 

Title: 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

20

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO GRYP
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Name of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser:
_________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: _________________________________________

Address for Notice to Purchaser:

Address for Delivery of Warrants to Purchaser (if not same as address
for notice):

Subscription Amount: $_________________

Shares: _________________

Pre-Funded Warrant Shares: ___________ Beneficial
Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

Common Warrant Shares: _____________ Beneficial
Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

EIN Number: _______________________

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGE]

21
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>gryp-20250110.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>gryp-20250110_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>gryp-20250110_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 13, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 13, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39096

Entity Registrant Name GRYPHON DIGITAL MINING,
INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001755953

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-2242651

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1180 N. Town Center Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 100

Entity Address, City or Town Las Vegas

Entity Address, State or Province NV

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 89144

City Area Code 702

Local Phone Number 945-2700

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol GRYP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://gryphondigitalmining.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0226364-8k_gryphon.htm 
gryp-20250110.xsd 
gryp-20250110_lab.xml 
gryp-20250110_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-003061-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ea0226364-8k_gryphon_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001755953 

2025-01-13 
2025-01-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001755953 
8-K 
2025-01-13 
GRYPHON DIGITAL MINING, INC. 
DE 
001-39096 
83-2242651 
1180 N. Town Center Drive 
Suite 100 
Las Vegas 
NV 
89144 
702 
945-2700 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
GRYP 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>