<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-004298.txt : 20250130
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-004298.hdr.sgml : 20250130
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250130172014
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-004298
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		23
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250127
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250130
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250130

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001533743
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				451539785
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39531
		FILM NUMBER:		25574936

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7380 COCA COLA DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 106
		CITY:			HANOVER
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21076
		BUSINESS PHONE:		443-776-3133

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7380 COCA COLA DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 106
		CITY:			HANOVER
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21076

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Heatwurx, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111028
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000153374300015337432025-01-272025-01-27iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January
27, 2025

Commission
file number 001-39531

PROCESSA
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

(Exact
name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 45-1539785

(State
or Other Jurisdiction of 

Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S.
Employer 

Identification Number)

7380
Coca Cola Drive, Suite
106, Hanover,
Maryland21076

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices, Including Zip Code)

(443)776-3133

(Registrants
Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
stock: Par value $.0001 PCSA NasdaqCapital Market

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
January 27, 2025, Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) entered into
a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement) with a healthcare focused institutional investor pursuant
to which the Company agreed to sell and issue, in a reasonable best efforts registered public offering (the Offering),
(i) 1,030,972 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock),
(ii) Series A Warrants to purchase up to 8,050,672 shares of common stock (the Series A Warrants), (iii) Series B Warrants
to Purchase up to 4,025,336 Shares of Common Stock (the Series B Warrants), and (iv) Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase up
to 7,019,700 shares of common stock in lieu of shares of common stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants). The Companys Chief
Executive Officer, certain board members, and existing institutional investors of the Company also participated in the Offering.

The
Series A warrants will have an exercise price of $0.65 per share, will be exercisable beginning on the effective date of stockholder
approval and will expire five years from the date of stockholder approval. The Series B warrants will have an exercise price of $0.65
per share, will be exercisable beginning on the effective date of stockholder approval and will expire eighteen months from the date
of stockholder approval. The Shares were offered at a combined purchase price per share (and accompanying warrants) of $0.615 for the
institutional investors and $0.7975 for the Companys Chief Executive Officer and certain board members.

A.G.P./Alliance
Global Partners (the Placement Agent) acted as the Companys exclusive placement
agent in the Offering. The Company has agreed to pay the Placement Agent a cash fee equal to 6.5% of the gross proceeds raised
in the Offering (other than proceeds received from the Companys current directors and officers and any issuer-directed investors,
in which case the cash fee shall be 4.0% of the gross proceeds). The Company has also agreed to pay the Placement Agent a non-accountable
expense allowance of up to $20,000 and reimburse the placement agent for its legal fees and expenses in an amount of up to $75,000.

The
Offering closed on January 29, 2025. The gross proceeds to the Company from the Offering were approximately $5.0 million (excluding any
proceeds that may be received upon the exercise of Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants), before deducting the Placement Agent fees
and other Offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company anticipates using the net proceeds from the Offering for general corporate
purposes. The Securities Purchase Agreement provides that, subject to certain exceptions, the Company agreed not to effect or enter into
an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of shares of Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents for
a period of sixty (60) days and will not directly or indirectly offer to sell, sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose
of shares of its Common Stock or any securities convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for its shares of Common Stock in any at-the-market,
continuous equity, equity lines, or variable rate transaction, for a period of six (6) months after the Closing Date of the Offering,
provided that the foregoing shall not apply, following the sixty (60) day anniversary of the Closing Date, to the at-the-market
offering in which the Placement Agent is the sales agent, pursuant to the Sales Agreement dated May 21, 2024 by and between the Company
and the Placement Agent.

The
securities were offered and sold pursuant to the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-283986) previously
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) and declared effective on January 27, 2025.

The
foregoing summaries of the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, Placement Agency Agreement, Series A Warrants, Series B Warrants
and Pre-Funded Warrants are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by, such documents attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 4.1,
4.2, and 4.3, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. The provisions of the Securities Purchase Agreement, including
the representations and warranties contained therein, are not for the benefit of any party other than the parties to such agreement or
as stated therein and are not intended as a document for investors and the public to obtain factual information about the current state
of affairs of the parties to the documents and agreements. Rather, investors and the public should look to other disclosures contained
in the Companys filings with the Commission.

Item
7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
January 27, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering. A copy of the press release is attached
hereto and furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

On
January 30, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the Offering. A copy of the press release is attached hereto
and furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit Description

4.1 Form
of Series A Common Warrant

4.2 Form
of Series B Common Warrant

4.3 Form
of Pre-Funded Warrant

10.1 Form
of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 27, 2025, by and between Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and each of the Purchasers
(as defined therein).

10.2 Placement
Agency Agreement, dated January 27, 2025, by and between Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and A.G.P. 

99.1 Press
release by Processa Pharmaceuticals, dated January 27, 2025.

99.2 Press release by Processa Pharmaceuticals, dated January 30, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized, on January 30, 2025.

PROCESSA
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Registrant

By: /s/
George Ng

George
Ng

Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

SERIES A COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

processa
pharmaceuticals, inc. 

Warrant Shares: __________ 

Issue Date: January [], 2025

Initial Exercise Date: January [], 2025

THIS SERIES A COMMON STOCK PURCHASE
WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, ________________________
or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the
conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the Stockholder Approval Date (the Initial Exercise Date)
and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the five year anniversary of the Stockholder Approval Date (the Termination
Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
up to __________ shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price
of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.

In addition to the terms defined
elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate means
any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with
a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Bid Price means,
for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted
on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market
on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City
time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common
Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted
for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization
or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d)
in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith
by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses
of which shall be paid by the Company.

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day means
any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to
remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain
closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders
or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic
funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers
on such day.

Commission means
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock means
the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter
be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents
means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange Act means
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person means an
individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint
stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Registration Statement
means the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-283986).

Securities Act means
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Stockholder Approval
means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market (or any successor entity)
from the stockholders of the Company with respect to the issuance of all of the Warrants and the Warrant Shares upon the exercise thereof.

Stockholder Approval Date
means the date on which Stockholder Approval is received and deemed effective under Delaware law.

Subsidiary means
any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired
after the date hereof.

Trading Day means
a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading Market means
any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE
American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors
to any of the foregoing).

Transfer Agent means
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 1 State Street,
30th Floor, New York, NY 10004 and an email address of, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP means, for
any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on
a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York
City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the
Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed
or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization
or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d)
in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith
by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses
of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants means this
Warrant and other Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise of Warrant.
Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial
Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail
attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of
(i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i)
herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in
the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise
procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall
be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder
has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise
is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares
available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal
to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant
Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business
Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of
the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available
for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise Price.
The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.65, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

c) Cashless Exercise.
If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not
available for the issuance or the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in
part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant
Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day or (ii) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and 

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery of Warrant
Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the
Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through
its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either
(A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the
Holder or this Warrant being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys
share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading
Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price
to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the
Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder
shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant
has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price
(other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading
Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver
to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder,
in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of
the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third
Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares
are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program
so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the
standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common
Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii. Delivery of New
Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon
surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the
rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission Rights.
If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant
Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its
broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common
Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise
(a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained
by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise
at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the
Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in
which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been
issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common
Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with
an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the
Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable
to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit
a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No Fractional
Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As
to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election,
either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or
round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges, Taxes
and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent
fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing of Books.
The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant
to the terms hereof.

e) Holders Exercise
Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion
of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth
on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group
together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially
own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares
of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares
of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by
the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion
of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on
conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder
that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the
Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained
in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder
together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion
of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant
is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which
portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the
case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent
setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within
one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company,
including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The
Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided
that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this
Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st
day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise
than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable
to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock Dividends
and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution
or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which,
for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of
capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment
made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled
to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent Rights
Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common
Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares
of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to
such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of
Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without
limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale
of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined
for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right
to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall
not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result
of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time,
if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c) Pro Rata Distributions.
During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets
(or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation,
any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement,
scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant,
then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have
participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent
that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares
of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the
benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

d) Fundamental Transaction.
If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects
any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person in which the Company is not the surviving entity (other than a
reincorporation in a different state, a transaction for changing the Companys name, or a similar transaction pursuant to which
the surviving company remains a public company), (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment,
transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Companys assets in one or a series of related transactions
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include such transactions that do not require approval of the Companys stockholders),
(iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed
pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property
and has been accepted by the holders of more than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company,
directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common
Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities,
cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase
agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger
or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the voting
power of the common equity of the Company, other than in a transaction pursuant to which the other Person or group of Persons combined
market value is $100 million greater than the Companys market value as of the date this Warrant is executed, and the transaction
results in the acquisition of more than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, or, notwithstanding anything to the
contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction other than one in which a Successor Entity (as defined below) in which a publicly
traded corporation (i) whose stock is quoted or listed for trading on an Eligible Market (as defined below) and (ii) that has a market
capitalization of at least $100 million, that assumes a Holders Warrant such that the Warrant shall be exercisable for the publicly
traded common stock of such Successor Entity (and further, these exceptions shall only survive one transaction after the date of execution
of this Warrant) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder
shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence
of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(f) on the exercise of
this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving
corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental
Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental
Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(f) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise,
the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of
Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion
the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components
of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received
in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise
of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction,
the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with,
or within thirty (30) days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement
of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder, as described below, an amount
of consideration equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date
of consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys
control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company
or any Successor Entity as of the date of consummation of such Fundamental Transaction the same type or form of consideration (and in
the same proportion), valued at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to
the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of
cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative
forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company
are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received
shares of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental
Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model
obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental
Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period
equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination
Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing
a 365-day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental
Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the sum of the price per share being offered in
cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction, (D) a
remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the
Termination Date, and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately
available funds within five Trading Days of the Holders election (or, if later, on the effective date of the Fundamental Transaction).
The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in
accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of
the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant that is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price that applies
the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock
pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and that is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions
of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity),
and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the
other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. As used herein Eligible
Market means the NYSE American, the NYSE, The NASDAQ Capital Market, The NASDAQ Global Market, The NASDAQ Global Select Market,
the New York Stock Exchange, the OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice to Holder.

i. Adjustment to
Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver
to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant
Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to Allow
Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock,
(B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize
the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class
or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the
Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or
property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the
Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear
upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 10 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified,
a notice (unless such information that would be in the notice is set forth in a document filed with the Commission, in which case no additional
notice need be provided) stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption,
rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to
such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders
of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable
upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice
or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such
notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the
Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report
on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the
effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part,
upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this
Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any
transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute
and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so
assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the
Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for
the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New Warrants.
This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together
with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent
or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company
shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with
such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the original Issue Date and shall be identical with this Warrant
except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant Register.
The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register),
in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the
absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual
notice to the contrary.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights as Stockholder
Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as
a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3.
Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(c) or to
receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle
an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss, Theft, Destruction
or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the
loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft
or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting
of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver
a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays, Sundays,
Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) Authorized Shares.

The Company covenants that,
during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares
to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants
that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary
Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be
necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or
of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which
may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the extent
as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior
to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and
legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary
to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action
which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the
Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Governing Law.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and construed
and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.
Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated
by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members,
employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan
for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein,
and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject
to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and
notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in
such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and
expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver and
Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver
of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant
or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in
any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses
including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting
any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any
Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service,
addressed to the Company, at 7380 Coca Cola Drive, Suite 106, Hanover, Maryland, 21076, Attention: George Ng, email address: ,
or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or
other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or
sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing
on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest
of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section
prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized
overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any
notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company
shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

i) Limitation of
Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors and
Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit
of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions
of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder
or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

processa pharmaceuticals, inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: processa
pharmaceuticals, inc. 

(1) The undersigned hereby elects
to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders
herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form
of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States;
or

if permitted the cancellation of such
number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect
to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant Shares
in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: _______________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: _______________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant,
execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex4-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.2

SERIES
B COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

processa
pharmaceuticals, inc. 

Warrant
Shares: __________ Issue
Date: January [], 2025

Initial
Exercise Date: January [], 2025

THIS
SERIES B COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, ________________________
or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the
conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the Stockholder Approval Date (the Initial Exercise Date)
and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the eighteen month anniversary of the Stockholder Approval Date (the Termination
Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
up to __________ shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price
of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions.

In
addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is
then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or
a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or
required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any
other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so
long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are
open for use by customers on such day.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at
any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at
any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Registration
Statement means the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-283986).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Stockholder
Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market (or any successor
entity) from the stockholders of the Company with respect to the issuance of all of the Warrants and the Warrant Shares upon the exercise
thereof.

Stockholder
Approval Date means the date on which Stockholder Approval is received and deemed effective under Delaware law.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in
question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer
Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address
of 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004 and an email address of, and any successor transfer agent
of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or
a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF
copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless
the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice
of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise
be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable of the date
on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares
purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain
records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any
Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant,
acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares
hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the
face hereof.

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.65, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus
contained therein is not available for the issuance or the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be
exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive
a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as
applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined
in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day or (ii) the Bid Price of the
Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the
Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading
hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of
regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof;

(B) = the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or this Warrant being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate,
registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which
the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is
the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after
delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period
after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery
of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares
with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment
of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading
Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the
Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery
Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject
to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing
to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share
Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent
that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard
Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary
Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by
the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of
a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then
outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number
of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of
this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this
paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct
this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein
contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained
in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to
the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership
of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

c)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent
(or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such
Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person in which the Company is not
the surviving entity (other than a reincorporation in a different state, a transaction for changing the Companys name, or a similar
transaction pursuant to which the surviving company remains a public company), (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any
sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Companys assets
in one or a series of related transactions (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include such transactions that do not require
approval of the Companys stockholders), (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether
by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their
shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of more than 50% of the voting power of the common
equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization
or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than
50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, other than in a transaction pursuant to which the other Person or group
of Persons combined market value is $100 million greater than the Companys market value as of the date this Warrant is
executed, and the transaction results in the acquisition of more than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, or,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction other than one in which a Successor Entity (as defined
below) in which a publicly traded corporation (i) whose stock is quoted or listed for trading on an Eligible Market (as defined below)
and (ii) that has a market capitalization of at least $100 million, that assumes a Holders Warrant such that the Warrant shall
be exercisable for the publicly traded common stock of such Successor Entity (and further, these exceptions shall only survive one transaction
after the date of execution of this Warrant) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise
of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise
immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in
Section 2(f) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the
Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable
as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable
immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(f) on the exercise of this Warrant).
For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction,
and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the
event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable
at any time concurrently with, or within thirty (30) days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date
of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder,
as described below, an amount of consideration equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion
of this Warrant on the date of consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction
is not within the Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be
entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity as of the date of consummation of such Fundamental Transaction the same
type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), valued at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant,
that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether
that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice
to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided further, that if holders
of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock
will be deemed to have received shares of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental
Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes
Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the
applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury
rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction
and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined
utilizing a 365-day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental
Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the sum of the price per share being offered in cash,
if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction, (D) a remaining option time
equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, and
(E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds within
five Trading Days of the Holders election (or, if later, on the effective date of the Fundamental Transaction). The Company shall
cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity)
to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with
the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved
by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the
Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form
and substance to this Warrant that is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or
its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to
any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price that applies the exercise
price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to
such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise
price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and that is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions
of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity),
and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the
other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. As used herein Eligible
Market means the NYSE American, the NYSE, The NASDAQ Capital Market, The NASDAQ Global Market, The NASDAQ Global Select Market,
the New York Stock Exchange, the OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

e)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 10 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice (unless such information that would be in the notice is set forth in a document filed with the Commission,
in which case no additional notice need be provided) stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend,
distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock
of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which
such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date
as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock
for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange;
provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the
corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice
with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period
commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly
set forth herein.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written
assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient
to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall
execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not
so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the
Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for
the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the original Issue Date and
shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be
required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

d)
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York,
Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is
not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant,
the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred
by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without
limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at 7380 Coca Cola Drive, Suite 106, Hanover, Maryland, 21076, Attention: George Ng, email
address:, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices
or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail,
or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or address of such Holder
appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective
on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth
in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such
notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or
later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by
U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be
given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company
or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and
the Holder.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

processa
pharmaceuticals, inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To:
processa pharmaceuticals, inc. 

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: _______________________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date:
_______________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated:
_______________ __, ______ 

Holders
Signature: 

Holders
Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex4-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.3

PRE-FUNDED
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

processa
pharmaceuticals, inc.

Warrant
Shares: ____________ Issue
Date: [], 2025

THIS
PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _________________________
or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the
conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and until
this Warrant is exercised in full (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from
Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to __________ shares (as subject to adjustment
hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant
shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or
a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Registration
Statement means the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-283986).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer
Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing
address of 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004 and an email address of, and any successor transfer
agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or
a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF
copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless
the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice
of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise
be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which
the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the
total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records
showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice
of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge
and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the
number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b)
Exercise Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share,
was pre-funded to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the
nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise
of this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise
price under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever. The remaining unpaid exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant
shall be $0.0001, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise
in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by
(A), where:

(A)
= as
applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined
in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day or (ii) the Bid Price of the
Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the
Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading
hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of
regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof;

(B)
= the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)
= the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a
certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares
to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date
that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day
after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date).
Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of
the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares,
provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier
of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice
of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant
Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant
Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading
Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such
Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain
a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein,
Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys
primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise
Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant
Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be
the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case
of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date.

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by
the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of
a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then
outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number
of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of
this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this
paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct
this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein
contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained
in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to
the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership
of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

c)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent
(or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such
Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary,
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender
or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding
Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property,
or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person or group of Persons (a determination as to any group status shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) whereby such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental
Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant
Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard
to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the same consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is
exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e)). For purposes of any
such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based
on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company
shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different
components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to
be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives
upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental
Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations
of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant
to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security
of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common
Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock
(but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such
shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic
value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in
form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the
term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction,
each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead
to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor
Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity
or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the
Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 3(d) regardless
of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii) whether a
Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

e)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 10 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice (unless the information set forth in the notice is set forth in a document filed with the Commission
in which case no additional notice shall be required) stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend,
distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock
of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which
such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date
as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock
for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange;
provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the
corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice
with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period
commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly
set forth herein.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written
assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient
to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall
execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not
so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the
Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for
the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of
this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be
required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

d)
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York,
Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is
not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant,
the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred
by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without
limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at 7380 Coca Cola Drive, Suite 106, Hanover, Maryland, 21076, Attention: George Ng, email
address:, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices
or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail,
or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or address of such Holder
appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective
on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth
in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such
notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or
later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by
U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be
given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company
or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and
the Holder.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

PROCESSA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To:
processa pharmaceuticals, inc.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase _________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ ] in lawful money of the United States; or

[ ] if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

___________________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

___________________________________

___________________________________

___________________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: ___________________________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _____________________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________________________________

Date:
___________________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated:
_______________ __, ______

Holders
Signature: 

Holders
Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is entered into and made effective as of January 27, 2025, between
Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature
pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act (as defined below), the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires
to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

AGREEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(k).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Agreement
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.

Applicable
Laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(pp).

Authorizations
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(pp).

BHCA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(nn).

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

BSA/PATRIOT
Act shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.2(e).

Business
Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States, or any day on which
banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st) Trading
Day following the date hereof (or the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date hereof if this Agreement is signed on a
day that is not a Trading Day or after 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on a Trading Day).

Code
means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common
Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant, or other instrument that is at any time convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Common
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Series A Common Warrants and Series B Common
Warrants.

Common
Warrants means, collectively, the Series A Common Warrants and the Series B Common Warrants.

Company
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.

Company
Counsel means Foley & Lardner, LLP, with offices located at 1 Independent Drive, Suite 1300, Jacksonville, FL 32202.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the
date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight
(New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date
hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

DVP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.

DWAC
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(a)(iv).

EDGAR
means the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval System.

ERISA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.2(g).

Environmental
Law shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(t).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (i) shares of Common Stock, restricted stock units, or options, including the shares of Common
Stock underlying the restricted stock units or options, to consultants, employees, officers, directors, or consultants of the Company
pursuant to any stock or option plan or arrangement duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board
of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered
to the Company, (ii) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities
exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided
that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease
the exercise price, exchange price, or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations
or anti-dilution provisions contained therein as disclosed in the SEC Reports and the Prospectus) or to extend the term of such securities,
(iii) securities issued pursuant to merger, acquisition, or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry
no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition
period in Section 4.11(a) herein, and provided, further that any such issuance shall only be to a Person that (or
to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company, or an owner of an asset in a business
believed by the Company to be synergistic with the business of the Company and in which the Company receives benefits in addition to
any investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of
raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities, and (iv) securities for settlement of outstanding
payables or liabilities provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144)
and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition
period in Section 4.11(a) herein.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

Federal
Reserve shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(nn).

Hazardous
Materials shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(bb).

Intellectual
Property shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(q).

Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(f)(ii).

IT
Systems and Data shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(kk).

Liens
mean a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right, or other restrictions.

Lock-Up
Agreements means the lock-up agreements, dated as of the date hereof and executed by each executive officer and director of
the Company of the Company, in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Money
Laundering Laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(oo).

Non-cooperative
Jurisdiction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.2(f).

OFAC
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ll).

Offering
means the offering of the Securities hereunder.

Per
Share Purchase Price equals $0.615, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock
combinations, and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement and before the Closing Date;
provided that the purchase price per Pre-Funded Warrant shall be the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.0001.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated, or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof), or other entity of any kind.

Placement
Agent means A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners.

Placement
Agency Agreement means that certain Placement Agency Agreement by and between the Company and the Placement Agent, dated as
of the date hereof.

Preliminary
Prospectus means the preliminary prospectus included in the Registration Statement at the time the Registration Statement
is declared effective.

Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Pre-Funded
Warrants means, collectively, the pre-funded Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in
accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, in substantially the form of Exhibit C attached hereto.

Pre-Settlement
Period shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.

Pre-Settlement
Securities shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation, or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition) pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened in writing against or affecting the Company or any of
its respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental, or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal,
state, county, local, or foreign).

Prospectus
means the final prospectus filed for the Registration Statement.

Purchaser
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration
Statement the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333- 283986).

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Sanctioned
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.2(e).

Sanctions
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.2(e).

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares, the Warrants, and the Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Series
A Common Warrants means the common warrants delivered to the Purchasers at Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof,
which common warrants shall be exercisable immediately upon issuance and may be exercised during a period of five (5) years commencing
from their issuance, in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Series
B Common Warrants means the common warrants delivered to the Purchasers at Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof,
which common warrants shall be exercisable immediately upon issuance and may be exercised during a period of eighteen (18) months commencing
from their issuance, in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Shell
Bank shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.2(e).

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Stockholder
Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market (or any
successor entity) from the stockholders of the Company with respect to the issuance of all of the Common Warrants and the Common Warrant
Shares upon the exercise thereof.

Stockholder
Approval Date means the date on which Stockholder Approval is received and deemed effective under Delaware law.

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants (in lieu of Shares)
and Common Warrants purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next
to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds (minus, if applicable,
a Purchasers aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants, which amounts shall be paid as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants
are exercised for cash).

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, The Nasdaq Capital Market, The Nasdaq Global Market, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, or The New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Common Warrants, the Lock-Up Agreements, and the Placement Agency
Agreement, including all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing
address of 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004 and an email address of, and any successor
transfer agent of the Company.

U.S.
GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.

Variable
Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.11(b).

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

Warrants
means, collectively, the Common Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrants.

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE
AND SALE

2.1
Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the
Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, the Shares and/or the Pre-Funded Warrants and the corresponding Common Warrants
subscribed for by such Purchaser. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, to the extent that a Purchaser determines, in its
sole discretion, that such Purchasers Subscription Amount (together with such Purchasers Affiliates, and any Person acting
as a group together with such Purchaser or any of such Purchasers Affiliates) would cause such Purchasers beneficial ownership
of the shares of Common Stock to exceed the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, or as such Purchaser may otherwise choose, such Purchaser
may elect to purchase Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of the Shares as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a). The Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, with respect to each Purchaser, at the election of the Purchaser at Closing, 9.99%) of
the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Shares on the Closing Date.
In each case, the election to receive Pre-Funded Warrants is solely at the option of the Purchaser. Each Purchasers Subscription
Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment
(DVP) settlement with the Company or its designee. The Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items
set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections
2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures or such other location as the parties
shall mutually agree. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares shall occur via DVP (i.e., on the Closing
Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers names and addresses and released by the Transfer Agent directly
to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly
electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing
firm) by wire transfer to the Company). Each Purchaser acknowledges that, concurrently with the Closing and pursuant to the Prospectus,
the Company may sell up to $5 million of additional Shares and Common Warrants to purchasers not party to this Agreement, less the aggregate
Subscription Amount pursuant to this Agreement, and will issue to such purchasers such shares of Common Stock and Common Warrants or
Pre-Funded Warrants and Common Warrants in the same form and at the same Per Share Purchase Price. Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, if at any time on or after the time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser, through,
and including the time immediately prior to the Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), such Purchaser sells to any
Person all, or any portion, of the Shares to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement
Shares), such Purchaser shall, automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company),
be deemed to be unconditionally bound to purchase, such Pre-Settlement Shares at the Closing; provided that the Company shall
not be required to deliver any Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser prior to the Companys receipt of the purchase price of
such Pre-Settlement Shares hereunder; and provided, further that the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the forgoing
shall not constitute a representation or covenant by such Purchaser as to whether or not during the Pre-Settlement Period such Purchaser
shall sell any shares of Common Stock to any Person and that any such decision to sell any shares of Common Stock by such Purchaser shall
solely be made at the time such Purchaser elects to effect any such sale, if any. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any
Notice(s) of Exercise (as defined in the Pre-Funded Warrants) delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing
Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of this Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date and the Closing Date shall be the Warrant
Share Delivery Date (as defined in the Pre-Funded Warrants) for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise
Price (as defined in the Pre-Funded Warrants) (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery
Date. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Closing Date, the Warrants shall
be issued to each Purchaser in originally signed form.

2.2
Deliveries.

(a)
On or prior to the Closing Date (except as indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the
following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii)
a legal opinion of Company Counsel, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent, directed to the Placement Agent
and the Purchasers;

(iii)
a negative assurance letter of Company Counsel, addressed to the Placement Agent, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Placement Agent;

(iv)
the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(v)
subject to the penultimate sentence of Section 2.1, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the
Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC)
Shares equal to each Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price (minus the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of such Purchasers Pre-Funded Warrant, if applicable), registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(vi)
if applicable, for each Purchaser of Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1, a signed Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the
name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription
Amount applicable to Pre-Funded Warrants divided by the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.0001, with an exercise price equal to $0.0001,
subject to adjustment therein;

(vii)
a signed Series A Common Warrant registered in the name of each Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal
to 100% of the Purchasers Shares, with an exercise price equal to $0.65, subject to adjustment therein;

(viii)
a signed Series B Common Warrant registered in the name of each Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal
to 50% of the Purchasers Shares, with an exercise price equal to $0.65, subject to adjustment therein;

(viii)
Lock-Up Agreements executed by each executive officer and director of the Company;

(ix)
an Officers Certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent;

(x)
a Secretarys Certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent; and

(xi)
the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus (which may be delivered electronically in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities
Act).

(b)
On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii)
such Purchasers Subscription Amount (minus, if applicable, a Purchasers aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants, which
amounts shall be paid as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised for cash), which shall be made available for DVP settlement
with the Company or its designees.

2.3
Closing Conditions.

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless
such representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to
the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants, and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
performed; and

(iii)
the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b)
The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless
such representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to
the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants, and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;
and

(iii)
the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv)
there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

(v)
from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such
magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change (excluding volatility) in, any financial market which, in each case, in the
reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall
be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the
corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a)
Subsidiaries. All Subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company owns, directly or indirectly,
all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights
to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them
in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would
not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business or financial condition of the Company and the
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect
on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect)
and, to the Companys knowledge, no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or
seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no
further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith
other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been
(or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as
limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus, (iii) application(s) to each
applicable Trading Market for the listing of the Shares and Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby,
and (iv) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws and (v) the receipt of stockholder approval with
respect to the Common Warrants (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f)
Issuance of the Securities; Registration. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with
the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed
by the Company. The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the
maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants. The Company has prepared and filed the
Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became effective on January 27, 2025 (the Effective
Date), including the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of this
Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus has been issued by the
Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission.
The Company, if required by the rules and regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus with the Commission pursuant to Rule
424(b). At the time the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement and at the
Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements
of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus and any
amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus, as applicable, or any amendment or supplement
thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities
Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company was at the time of
the filing of the Registration Statement eligible to use Form S-1.

(g)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule
3.1(g) shall also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as
of the date hereof. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed
periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock
option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant
to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under
the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate
in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities and as set
forth on Schedule 3.1(g), there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any
character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving
any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock
or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company
or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). There are no outstanding
securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset
price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities
or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such
Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar
plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued
in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization
of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders
agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a
party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
one year preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Pricing Prospectus
and the Prospectus, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received
a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their
respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act,
as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with
applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing.
Such financial statements have been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified
in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required
by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and
for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements,
to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

(i)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has
had or that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any material liabilities
(contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed
in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or
made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase
or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate,
except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential
treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i),
no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist
with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, properties, operations, assets or financial condition
that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed
made that has not been publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j)
Litigation. There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of
the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court,
arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an
Action). There are no Actions that (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability
of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) would, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the
subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary
duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission
involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other
order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the
Securities Act.

(k)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive
officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract,
confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or
any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and to the Companys knowledge the continued employment of each such executive
officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company
and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and
employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in material compliance would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as would not have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance, in all material respects, with all federal, state,
local and foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water,
groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of
chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials)
into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport
or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments,
licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental
Laws); (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to
conduct their respective businesses as currently conducted; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit,
license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
except where the failure to possess such permits would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

(o)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them
and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of
which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance, except
for matters which are not expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(p)
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all material patents, patent applications,
trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual
property rights and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC
Reports and which the failure to so have would have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights).
None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property
Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the
date of this Agreement. except for matters which are not expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice
of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except
as would not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual
Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing material infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property
Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of
all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including,
but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage
expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase
in cost.

(r)
Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(r), none of the officers or directors of
the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently
a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including
any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal
property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any
officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee
has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other
than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company
and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(s)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in material compliance with any and all applicable
requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules
and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company
and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions
are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted
only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared
with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the
Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company
and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the
Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods
specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed
periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently
filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal
control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(t)
Certain Fees. Except for fees payable by the Company to the Placement Agent, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions
are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment
banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no
obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated
in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities,
will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v)
Registration Rights. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(v), no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary
to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(w)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and
the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received
notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance
with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company is, and has
no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.
The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation
and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in
connection with such electronic transfer.

(x)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the
laws of its state of incorporation that is or would become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company
fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of
the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(y)
Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or
counsel with any information that it believes constitutes material, non-public information which will not otherwise be disclosed in the
Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation
in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers
regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure
Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(z)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market
on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(aa)
Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt
by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds
the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known
contingent liabilities) as they mature, and (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on
its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital
requirements of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof.
The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts
of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe
that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year from
the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(aa) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the
Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness
means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable and accrued expenses
incurred in the ordinary course of business) and excluding any future contingent liabilities associated with the Companys license
agreements currently in effect, (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others,
whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties
by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z)
the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(bb)
Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income
and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii)
has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such
returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no
basis for any such claim.

(cc)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd)
Accountants. The Companys accounting firm is currently Cherry Bekaert LLP. To the knowledge and belief of the Company,
such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with
respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024.

(ee)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or
any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ff)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding
(except for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.13 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been
asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the
Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified
term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales
or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively
impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative
transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the
Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party
in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage
in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the
periods that the value of the Warrant Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging activities
(if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging
activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any
of the Transaction Documents.

(gg)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the placement
of the Securities.

(hh)
FDA. As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) under
the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured,
packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a Pharmaceutical
Product), such Pharmaceutical Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or marketed
by the Company in compliance with all applicable requirements under FDCA and similar laws, rules and regulations relating to registration,
investigational use, premarket clearance, licensure, or application approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices,
good clinical practices, product listing, quotas, labeling, advertising, record keeping and filing of reports, except where the failure
to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending, completed or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened,
action (including any lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation)
against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter
or other communication from the FDA or any other governmental entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration,
or approval of, the uses of, the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and
promotion of any Pharmaceutical Product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws
or orders the withdrawal of advertising or sales promotional materials relating to, any Pharmaceutical Product, (iii) imposes a clinical
hold on any clinical investigation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production at any facility of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) enters or proposes to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges any violation of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
and which, either individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect. The properties, business and operations of
the Company have been and are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations
of the FDA. The Company has not been informed by the FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the United
States of any product proposed to be developed, produced or marketed by the Company nor has the FDA expressed any concern as to approving
or clearing for marketing any product being developed or proposed to be developed by the Company.

(ii)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the
Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the
release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or
prospects.

(jj)
Cybersecurity. To the Companys knowledge (i)(x) there has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to
any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data
(including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of
it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not
been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach
or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable
laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority,
internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such
IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards
as the Company believes to be appropriate for a Company of its size to maintain and protect its material confidential information and
the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have
implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices as considered reasonably necessary
by the Company.

(kk)
Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. (i) The Company and the Subsidiaries are, and at all times during the last three (3) years
were, in compliance in all material respects with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations,
including, without limitation, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively,
Privacy Laws); (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably
designed to ensure compliance with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use,
disclosure, handling and analysis of Personal Data (as defined below) (the Policies); (iii) the Company provides
accurate notice of its applicable Policies to its customers, employees, third party vendors and representatives as required by the Privacy
Laws; and (iv) applicable Policies provide accurate and sufficient notice of the Companys then-current privacy practices relating
to its subject matter, and do not contain any material omissions of the Companys then-current privacy practices, as required by
Privacy Laws. Personal Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, email address,
photograph, social security number, bank information, or customer or account number; (ii) any information which would qualify as personally
identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by GDPR;
and (iv) any other piece of information that allows the identification of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection
or analysis of any identifiable data related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. (i) None of such disclosures
made or contained in any of the Policies have been inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive in violation of any Privacy Laws and (ii) the
execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents will not result in a breach of any Privacy Laws or Policies. Neither
the Company nor the Subsidiaries (i) to the knowledge of the Company, has received written notice of any actual or potential liability
of the Company or the Subsidiaries under, or actual or potential violation by the Company or the Subsidiaries of, any of the Privacy
Laws; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation or other corrective action pursuant
to any regulatory request or demand pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement by or with any
court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority that imposed any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

(ll)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(mm)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers
request.

(nn)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly,
five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity
of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(oo)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case
they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing, and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company, or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company, or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to
which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof
or thereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its
terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and
other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the
availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies, and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution
provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(b)
Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct
or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this
representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or
otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws).

(c)
Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication,
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of
an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(d)
Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including
all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed
necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the
Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition,
results of operations, business, properties, management, and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii)
the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense
that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that
neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with
respect to the Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made
or makes any representation as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired
non-public information with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance
of the Securities to such Purchaser, neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary
to such Purchaser.

(e)
Sanctioned Persons; BSA/PATRIOT Act. Purchaser is not owned or controlled by or acting on behalf of (in connection with this Agreement),
a Sanctioned Person. Purchaser is not an institution that accepts currency for deposit and that (i) has no physical presence in the jurisdiction
in which it is incorporated or in which it is operating and (ii) is unaffiliated with a regulated financial group that is subject to
consolidated supervision (a Shell Bank) or providing banking services to a Shell Bank. Purchaser represents that
if it is a financial institution subject to the Bank Secrecy Act (31 U.S.C. Section 5311 et seq.), as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act
of 2001 and its implementing regulations (collectively, the BSA/PATRIOT Act), that Purchaser maintains policies
and procedures reasonably designed to comply with applicable obligations under the BSA/PATRIOT Act. Purchaser also represents that, to
the extent required by applicable law, it maintains, either directly or through the use of a third-party administrator, policies, and
procedures reasonably designed for the screening of any investors in the Purchaser against Sanctions-related lists of blocked or restricted
persons. Purchaser further represents and warrants that (A) the funds held by Purchaser and used to purchase the Securities were not
directly or indirectly derived from or related to any activities that may contravene U.S. federal, state, or non-U.S. anti-money laundering,
anti-corruption, or Sanctions laws and regulations or activities that may otherwise be deemed criminal and (B) any returns from the Purchasers
investment will not be used to finance any illegal activities. For purposes of this Agreement, Sanctioned Person
means at any time any person or entity with whom dealings are restricted, prohibited, or sanctionable under any Sanctions (as defined
below), including as a result of being: (I) listed on any Sanctions-related list of designated or blocked or restricted persons; (II)
that is a national of, the government of, or any agency or instrumentality of the government of, or resident in, or organized under the
laws of, a country or territory that is the target of comprehensive Sanctions from time to time (as of the date of this Agreement, Cuba,
Iran, North Korea, Syria, and the Crimea region); or (III) a relationship of ownership, control, or agency with any of the foregoing.
Sanctions means those trade, economic and financial sanctions laws, regulations, embargoes, and restrictive measures
(in each case having the force of law) administered, enacted, or enforced from time to time by (1) the United States (including without
limitation the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. Department of State, and the U.S. Department
of Commerce), (2) the European Union and enforced by its member states, (3) the United Nations, and (4) the United Kingdom.

(f)
Non-cooperative Jurisdiction. Purchaser is not owned or controlled by or acting on behalf of (in connection with this Agreement),
a person or entity resident in, or whose funds used to purchase the Securities are transferred from or through, a country, territory,
or entity that (i) has been designated as non-cooperative with international anti-money laundering or counter terrorist financing principles
or procedures by the United States or by an intergovernmental group or organization, such as the Financial Action Task Force, of which
the United States is a member; (ii) is the subject of an advisory issued by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the U.S. Department
of the Treasury; or (iii) has been designated by the Secretary of the Treasury under Section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act as warranting
special measures due to money laundering concerns (any such country or territory, a Non-cooperative Jurisdiction),
or an entity or individual that resides or has a place of business in, or is organized under the laws of, a Non-cooperative Jurisdiction.

(g)
ERISA. If Purchaser is an employee benefit plan that is subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
as amended (ERISA), a plan, an individual retirement account or other arrangement that is subject to section 4975
of the Code or an employee benefit plan that is a governmental plan (as defined in section 3(32) of ERISA), a church plan (as defined
in section 3(33) of ERISA), a non-U.S. plan (as described in section 4(b)(4) of ERISA), or other plan that is not subject to the foregoing
but may be subject to provisions under any other federal, state, local, non-U.S., or other laws or regulations that are similar to such
provisions of ERISA or the Code, or an entity whose underlying assets are considered to include plan assets of any such
plan, account or arrangement subject to the fiduciary or prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code, Purchaser
represents and warrants that the acquisition and holding of the Securities will not result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.

(h)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, each Purchaser has
not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company or derivative securities based on securities
issued by the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first held discussions (written or oral) with the
Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and
ending immediately prior to execution of this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers
representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal, and other advisors, employees, agents, and
Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including
the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall
constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions with respect to the borrowing of, arrangement to borrow, identification
of the availability of, and/or securing of, securities of the Company in order for such Purchaser (or its broker or other financial representative)
to effect Short Sales or similar transactions following the Closing Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that
is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and
the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of
such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio
manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

(i)
No Governmental Review. Such Purchaser understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental
agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in
the Securities, nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend, or affect such
Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations
and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection
with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of
doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing
shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER
AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
Legends. The Shares, the Warrants, and the Warrant Shares shall be issued free of legends. If at any time following the date hereof
the Registration Statement is not effective or is not otherwise available for the sale of the Shares, the Warrants, or the Warrant Shares,
the Company shall immediately notify the holders of the Warrants in writing that such registration statement is not then effective and
thereafter shall promptly notify such holders when the registration statement is effective again and available for the sale of the Shares,
the Warrants, or the Warrant Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not limit the ability of the Company to
issue, or any Purchaser to sell, any of the Shares, the Warrants, or the Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state
securities laws). The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to keep a registration statement (including the Registration
Statement) registering the issuance of the Warrant Shares effective during the term of the Warrants.

4.2
Furnishing of Information; Public Information.
Until the earliest of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities or (ii) the Common
Warrants have expired, the Company covenants to use its reasonable efforts to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section
12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period)
all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not
then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, except in the event that the Company
consummates: (A) any transaction or series of related transactions as a result of which any Person (together with its Affiliates) acquires
then outstanding securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of the Company; (B) a merger
or reorganization of the Company with one or more other entities in which the Company is not the surviving entity; or (C) a sale of all
or substantially all of the assets of the Company.

4.3
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale, or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the
rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction
unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company
represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers
by the Company, or any of its respective officers, directors, employees, or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent,
in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press
release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written
or oral, between the Company, or any of its officers, directors, agents, employees or, Affiliates on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers
or any of their Affiliates, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further
force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions
in securities of the Company. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect
to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make
any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the
prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld,
or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with
prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name
of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing or submission with or to the Commission or any regulatory agency
or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (i) as required by federal securities law in connection
with the filing or submission of final Transaction Documents with or to the Commission and (ii) to the extent such disclosure is required
by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted
under this clause.

4.5
Stockholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person,
that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill
(including any distribution under a rights agreement), or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by
the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving
Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6
Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material pricing terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor
any other Person acting on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the
Company reasonably believes constitutes material, non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in
writing to the receipt of such information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company
understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the
Company. To the extent that the Company, or any of its respective officers, directors, agents, employees, or Affiliates delivers any
material, non-public information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that
such Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, or any of its respective officers, directors, agents, employees
or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, or any of its officers, directors, agents, employees, or Affiliates not to trade on the basis
of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that
any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains material, non-public information regarding the Company,
the Company shall simultaneously file such material non-public information on with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form
8-K or shall issue a press release containing such material non-public information. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser
shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

4.7
Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for general corporate purposes,
including working capital, operating expenses and capital expenditures, and shall not use such proceeds: (i) for the satisfaction of
any portion of the Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business
and prior practices or as disclosed in the Registration Statement), (ii) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents,
(iii) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation, or (iv) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

4.8
Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each
Purchaser and its directors, officers, stockholders, members, partners, employees, and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally
equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such
Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, stockholders,
agents, members, partners, or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any
and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs, and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid
in settlements, court costs, and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer
or incur as a result of or relating to (i) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants, or agreements made by the
Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (ii) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity,
or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with
respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach
of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties, or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings
such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws
or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct),
the Company will indemnify each Purchaser Party, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses,
claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees), and expenses, as incurred, arising
out of or relating to (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in such registration statement, any prospectus
or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to
any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the
case of any prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, except to the
extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Purchaser Party
furnished in writing to the Company by such Purchaser Party expressly for use therein, or (ii) any violation or alleged violation by
the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder in connection
therewith. If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement,
such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and, the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof
with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate
counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense
of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (x) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing,
(y) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel, or (z) in such action
there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the
position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable actual and documented fees and expenses
of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (1) for any settlement
by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed;
or (2) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage, or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys
breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants, or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other
Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof
during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred provided, however, that if it is subsequently
determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction that such Purchaser Party was not entitled to receive
such periodic payments, such Purchaser Party shall promptly (but in no event later than five (5) Business Days) return such payments
to the Company. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser
Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.9
Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep
available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company
to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants, if applicable.

4.10
Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing of the Common
Stock on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list all of
the Shares and the Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and the Warrant Shares
on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market,
it will then include in such application all of the Shares and the Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to
cause all of the Shares and the Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company
will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply
in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing, and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The
Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another
established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other
established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.10
shall not apply in the event that the Company consummates: (i) any transaction or series of related
transactions as a result of which any Person (together with its Affiliates) acquires then outstanding securities of the Company representing
more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of the Company; (ii) a merger or reorganization of the Company with one or more other
entities in which the Company is not the surviving entity; or (iii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company.

4.11
Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a)
From the date hereof until sixty (60) days after the Closing Date, the Company shall not (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue,
or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, or (ii) file any registration
statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than filing the final Prospectus or a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection
with any employee benefit plan.

(b)
From the date hereof until six (6) months after the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an
agreement to effect any issuance by the Company of shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof)
involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues
or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional
shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies
with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities,
or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of
such debt or equity security (other than in connection with a stock split or stock dividend or similar event) or upon the occurrence
of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for shares of Common Stock
or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market
offering, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price, regardless of whether shares pursuant to such
agreement have actually been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently cancelled, provided, however,
that sixty (60) days after the Closing Date, the issuance of securities pursuant to the Sales Agreement dated May 21, 2024 between the
Company and A.G.P/Alliance Global Partners shall not be deemed a Variable Rate Transaction. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain
injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.
Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be
in addition to any right to collect damages.

(c)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.11 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate
Transaction (other than an Exempt Transaction specified in clause (v) of the definition of Exempt Transaction) shall be an Exempt Issuance.

4.12
Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid
to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration
is also offered to all of the parties to such Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate
right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat
the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the
purchase, disposition, or voting of Shares or otherwise.

4.13
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that
neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including
Short Sales, of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at
such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as
described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time
as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described
in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information
included in the Disclosure Schedules (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing
and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser
makes any representation, warranty, or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company
after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release
as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of
the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any
duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, or any of its respective officers, directors,
employees, Affiliates, or agent, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent after the issuance of the initial press release as
described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby
separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge
of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set
forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision
to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.14
Exercise Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants sets forth the totality of the procedures required
of the Purchasers in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information, or instructions shall be required
of the Purchasers to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required,
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to
exercise the Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms,
conditions, and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.15
Lock-Up Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify, waive, or terminate any provision of any of the Lock-Up Agreements except
to extend the term of the lock-up period and shall enforce the provisions of each Lock-Up Agreement in accordance with its terms. If
any party to a Lock-Up Agreement breaches any provision of a Lock-Up Agreement, the Company shall promptly use its commercially reasonable
efforts to seek specific performance of the terms of such Lock-Up Agreement.

4.16
Stockholder Approval. To the extent required under the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market (or any successor
entity), the Company shall hold an annual or special meeting of stockholders on or prior to the date that is ninety (90) days following
the Closing Date for the purpose of obtaining Stockholder Approval, with the recommendation of the Companys Board of Directors
that such proposals are approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its stockholders in connection therewith in the same manner
as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders shall vote their proxies in favor
of such proposals. If the Company does not obtain Stockholder Approval at the first meeting, the Company shall call a meeting every ninety
(90) days thereafter to seek Stockholder Approval until the earlier of the Stockholder Approval Date or the Common Warrants are no longer
outstanding. The Company shall set the record date for Stockholder Approval as soon as practicable following the Closing Date.

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated with respect to any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder
only and without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other
parties, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided,
however, that no such termination will affect the right of any party hereto to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2
Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants, and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to
the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including,
without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice
delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes, and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules hereto, the Pricing Prospectus, and the
Prospectus, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior
agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such
documents, exhibits, and schedules.

5.4
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on a Trading Day, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later
than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by
U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be
given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To the extent that
any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company,
the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K or by issuing a press
release containing such material non-public information.

5.5
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented, or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Securities based
on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver,
by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification, or
waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted
Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition, or requirement
of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other
provision, condition, or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner
impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially, and adversely affects the
rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior
written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding
upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom
such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect
to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the third party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of
the Company in Section 3.1 and the representations and warranties of the Purchasers in Section 3.2. This Agreement is intended
for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any
provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

5.9
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement, and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles
of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement, and defense of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective
affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, partners, members, managers, employees, or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the
state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection
herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction
Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition
to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by
the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation,
and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

5.10
Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities for
the applicable statute of limitations.

5.11
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party,
it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission
or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party
executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature
page were an original thereof.

5.12
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant, or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction
to be invalid, illegal, void, or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants, and restrictions set forth herein
shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired, or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their
commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that
contemplated by such term, provision, covenant, or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties
that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants, and restrictions without including any of such that may be
hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void, or unenforceable.

5.13
Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions
of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand, or option under a Transaction
Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may
rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand, or election
in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in the case of a rescission
of an exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded
exercise notice concurrently (if such shares were delivered to the applicable Purchaser) with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate
exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant
to such Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

5.14
Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen, or destroyed,
the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation),
or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Company of such loss, theft, or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also
pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that
monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction
Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that
a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.16
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document
or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by,
or are required to be refunded, repaid, or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver, or any other Person under any law
(including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law, or equitable cause of action), then to the extent
of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force
and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17
Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document
are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance
or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other
Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as
a partnership, an association, a joint venture, or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way
acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each
Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of
this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional
party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents. For reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to
communicate with the Company through Thompson Hine LLP. Thompson Hine LLP does not represent any of the Purchasers and only represents
the Placement Agent. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience
of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed
that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely,
and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18
Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction
Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid liquidated damages and other amounts have
been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such liquidated damages or other amounts are due
and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.20
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each
and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

5.21
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY,
THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY,
IRREVOCABLY, AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

[Signature
pages follow]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

PROCESSA
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. Address
for Notice:

By: 7380
Coca Cola Drive, Suite 106

Name: George
Ng Hanover,
Maryland 21076

Title: Chief
Executive Officer Attn:
George Ng

Email:

With
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Foley
& Lardner LLP

One
Independent Drive, Suite 1300

Jacksonville,
Florida 32202

Attention:
Michael B. Kirwan

Email:

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO PROCESSA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser:

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser:

Name
of Authorized Signatory:

Title
of Authorized Signatory:

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory:

Address
for Notice to Purchaser:

Address
for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Subscription
Amount:

Shares:

Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares: Beneficial
Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

Series
A Common Warrant Shares: Beneficial
Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

Series
B Common Warrant Shares: Beneficial
Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

EIN:

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to
purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the
Company to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii)
the Closing shall occur on the first (1st) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement (or the second (2nd) Trading Day
following the date of this Agreement if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 4:00 p.m. (New York City
time) and before midnight (New York City time) on a Trading Day) and (iii) any condition to Closing contemplated by this Agreement (but
prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed of any agreement, instrument,
certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead be an unconditional obligation
of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as
applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

[SIGNATURE
PAGES CONTINUE]

EXHIBIT
A

FORM
OF SERIES A COMMON WARRANT

(See
attached.)

EXHIBIT
B

FORM
OF SERIES B COMMON WARRANT

(See
attached.)

EXHIBIT C

FORM
OF PRE-FUNDED WARRANT

(See
attached.)

EXHIBIT
D

FORM
OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT

(See
attached.)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Placement
Agency Agreement

January 27, 2025

Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

7380 Coca Cola Drive, Suite 106

Hanover, MD 21076

Attn: Chief Executive Officer

Dear Mr. George Ng:

This letter (the Agreement) constitutes
the agreement between A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (the Placement Agent) and Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the Company), that the Placement Agent shall serve as the exclusive placement agent for the
Company, on a reasonable best efforts basis, in connection with the proposed offering (the Placement)
of (i) shares (the Shares) of common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock),
(ii) warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (the Common Warrants), and (iii) pre-funded warrants to purchase
shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants and, together with the Shares and Common Warrants, the Securities).
The Securities actually placed by the Placement Agent are referred to herein as the Placement Securities. The Shares,
the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Common Warrants and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants and Common Warrants will
be offered and sold under the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-283986).
The documents executed and delivered by the Company and the Purchasers (as defined below) in connection with the Placement, including,
without limitation, a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement), are collectively referred to herein
as the Transaction Documents.

The terms of the Placement are to be mutually agreed
upon by the Company and purchaser signatories to the Purchase Agreement (each, a Purchaser and collectively, the
Purchasers), and nothing herein confers upon the Placement Agent the power or authority to bind the Company or any
Purchaser, or constitutes an obligation for the Company to issue any Placement Securities or complete the Placement. The Company expressly
acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agents obligations hereunder are on a best efforts basis only and that the execution
of this Agreement does not constitute a commitment by the Placement Agent to purchase the Securities and does not ensure the successful
placement of the Securities, or any portion thereof, or the success of the Placement Agent with respect to securing any other financing
on behalf of the Company. The Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected-dealers on its behalf
in connection with the Placement. Certain affiliates of the Placement Agent may participate in the Placement by purchasing some of the
Securities. The sale of Securities to any Purchaser will be evidenced by a Purchase Agreement between the Company and such Purchaser in
a form reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Purchaser. Capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the meanings
given to such terms in the Purchase Agreement. Prior to the signing of any Purchase Agreement, officers of the Company will be available
to answer inquiries from prospective Purchasers.

Section 1. Representations
and Warranties of the Company; Covenants of the Company.

(a) Representations
of the Company. With respect to the Placement Securities, each of the representations and warranties (together with any related disclosure
schedules thereto) and covenants made by the Company to the Purchasers in the Purchase Agreement in connection with the Placement, is
hereby incorporated herein by reference into this Agreement (as though fully restated herein) and is, as of the date of this Agreement
and as of the Closing Date, hereby made to, and in favor of, the Placement Agent. In addition to the foregoing, the Company represents
and warrants that there are no affiliations with any Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) member
firm participating in the Placement among the Companys officers, directors or, to the knowledge of the Company, any five percent
(5.0%) or greater security holders of the Company.

(b) Covenants
of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees to continue to retain (i) an independent public accounting firm registered with the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) for a period of at least three (3) years after the Closing Date
and (ii) a competent transfer agent with respect to the Placement Securities for a period of three (3) years after the Closing Date. In
addition, from the date hereof until 60 days after the Closing Date, the Company shall not (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue
or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii) file any registration
statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than filing the final Prospectus or a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection
with any employee benefit plan. In addition, from the date hereof until 6 months after the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited
from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of shares of Common Stock
or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction, provided,
however, that sixty (60) days after the Closing Date, the issuance of securities pursuant to
the Sales Agreement dated May 21, 2024 between the Company and A.G.P/Alliance Global Partners shall not be deemed a Variable Rate
Transaction.

Section 2. Representations
of the Placement Agent. The Placement Agent represents and warrants that it (i) is a member in good standing of FINRA, (ii) is registered
as a broker/dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) and the securities laws
of each state in which an offer or sale of Placement Securities is made (unless exempt from the respective states broker-dealer
registration requirements), (iii) is licensed as a broker/dealer under the laws of the United States of America, applicable to the offers
and sales of the Placement Securities by the Placement Agent, (iv) is and will be a corporate body validly existing under the laws of
its place of incorporation, and (v) has full power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Placement
Agent will immediately notify the Company in writing of any change in its status with respect to subsections (i) through (v) above. The
Placement Agent covenants that it will use its reasonable best efforts to conduct the Placement hereunder in compliance with the provisions
of this Agreement and the requirements of applicable law.

Section 3. Compensation.
In consideration of the services to be provided for hereunder, the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent and/or its respective designees
a cash fee of six and one half percent (6.5%) of the aggregate purchase price paid by each purchaser introduced to the Company by the
Placement Agent, except the cash fee will be four percent (4.0%) of the aggregate gross proceeds on Placement Securities that are sold
to the previously disclosed issuer-directed investors (the Cash Fee). The Placement Agent reserves the right to reduce
any item of compensation or adjust the terms thereof as specified herein in the event that a determination is made by FINRA to the effect
that the Placement Agents aggregate compensation is in excess of that permitted by FINRA Rules or that the terms thereof require
adjustment.

Section 4. Expenses.
The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees, and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the performance of its obligations
hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation: (i) all expenses incident to the
issuance, delivery, and qualification of the Placement Securities (including all printing and engraving costs); (ii) all fees and expenses
of the registrar and transfer agent of the Shares; (iii) all necessary issue, transfer, and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance
and sale of the Placement Securities; (iv) all fees and expenses of the Companys counsel, independent public or certified public
accountants, and other advisors; (v) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping, and
distribution of the Registration Statement (including financial statements, exhibits, schedules, consents, and certificates of experts),
the Base Prospectus, and each Prospectus Supplement, and all amendments and supplements thereto, and this Agreement; (vi) all filing fees,
reasonable attorneys fees, and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions
from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Placement Securities for offer and sale under the state securities or
blue sky laws or the securities laws of any other country; (vii) the fees and expenses associated with including the Placement Securities
on the Trading Market; (viii) up to Seventy-Five Thousand Dollars ($75,000) for accountable expenses related to legal fees of counsel
to the Placement Agent; (ix) a non-accountable expense allowance that shall not exceed Twenty Thousand Dollars ($20,000); and (x) up to
Three Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($3,500) for escrow and clearing agent fees.

2

Section 5. Tail Fee.
The Placement Agent shall be entitled to compensation under Section 3, calculated in the manner set forth herein with respect to
any public or private offering or other financing or capital-raising transaction of any kind (Tail Financing) to
the extent that such Tail Financing is both (i) provided to the Company by investors that were, during the term of this Agreement, contacted
by the Placement Agent or contacted by the Placement Agent and took a meeting with the Company and (ii) consummated at any time within
the six (6)-month period following the expiration or termination of this Agreement. The only investors to be contacted by A.G.P. will
be preapproved by the Company in writing and listed on an appendix to this Agreement (the Investor Appendix). The
issuance of any stock or equity of the Company to its officers, directors, or employees shall not be deemed a Tail Financing. Upon expiration
of this Agreement, the Placement Agent shall provide the Company with a list of all investors whose future investments in the Company
will be subject the compensation described in this Section 5. Failure by the Placement Agent to provide such list of investors
shall not be deemed a waiver of their right to receive compensation pursuant to this Section 5. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company has a right of termination for Cause, and the exercise of such right of termination for Cause eliminates any of the Companys
obligations with respect to this Section 5. Cause, for the purpose of this Agreement, shall mean, as determined by a court
of competent jurisdiction, the Placement Agents gross negligence, willful misconduct, or a material breach of this Agreement, after
being notified in writing of such conduct, and not curing such alleged conduct within ten (10) calendar days of notification of such alleged
wrongful conduct.

Section 6. Indemnification.

(a) To
the extent permitted by law, with respect to the Placement Securities, the Company shall indemnify the Placement Agent and its affiliates,
stockholders, directors, officers, employees, members, and controlling persons (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act
or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) against all losses, claims, damages, expenses, and liabilities, as the same are incurred (including
reasonable actual and documented fees and expenses of counsel), relating to or arising out of its activities hereunder or pursuant to
this Agreement, except to the extent that any losses, claims, damages, expenses, or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) are found
in a final judgment (not subject to appeal) by a court of law to have resulted primarily and directly from the Placement Agents
willful misconduct or gross negligence in performing the services described herein. Notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary,
the Company agrees to indemnify the Placement Agent, to the fullest extent set forth in this Section 6, against any and all claims
asserted by any or person or entity alleging that the Placement Agent was not permitted or entitled to act as a placement agent herein,
or that the Company was not permitted to hire or retain the Placement Agent herein, including but not limited to any claims arising out
of any purported right of first refusal another person or entity claims to have to act as a placement agent or any similar role with respect
to the Company or its securities.

(b) Promptly
after receipt by the Placement Agent of notice of any claim or the commencement of any action or proceeding with respect to which the
Placement Agent is entitled to indemnity hereunder, the Placement Agent will immediately notify the Company in writing of such claim or
of the commencement of such action or proceeding, but failure or delay of notification to so notify the Company shall not relieve the
Company from any obligation it may have hereunder, except and only to the extent such failure results in the forfeiture by the Company
of substantial rights and defenses or materially adversely impacts the Company. If the Company so elects or is requested by the Placement
Agent, the Company will assume the defense of such action or proceeding and will employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Placement
Agent and will pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Placement Agent will
be entitled to employ its own counsel separate from counsel for the Company and from any other party in such action if counsel for the
Placement Agent reasonably determines that it would be inappropriate under the applicable rules of professional responsibility for the
same counsel to represent both the Company and the Placement Agent. In such event, the reasonable fees and disbursements of no more than
one such separate counsel will be paid by the Company, in addition to reasonable fees of local counsel. The Company will have the right
to settle the claim or proceeding, provided that the Company will not settle any such claim, action, or proceeding without the
prior written consent of the Placement Agent, which will not be unreasonably withheld. The Company will not be liable for settlement of
any action effected without its written consent, which may not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed.

(c) The
Company agrees to notify the Placement Agent promptly of the assertion against it or any other person of any claim or the commencement
of any action or proceeding relating to a transaction contemplated by this Agreement.

3

(d) If
for any reason the foregoing indemnity is unavailable to the Placement Agent or insufficient to hold the Placement Agent harmless, then
the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the Placement Agent as a result of such losses, claims, damages, or liabilities
in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Placement
Agent on the other, but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Placement Agent on the other that resulted in such
losses, claims, damages, or liabilities, as well as any relevant equitable considerations. The amounts paid or payable by a party in respect
of losses, claims, damages, and liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include any legal or other fees and expenses incurred
in defending any litigation, proceeding, or other action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions hereof, the Placement Agents
share of the liability hereunder shall not be in excess of the amount of fees actually received, or to be received, by the Placement Agent
under this Agreement (excluding any amounts received as reimbursement of expenses incurred by the Placement Agent).

(e) The
provisions of this Section 6 will remain in full force and effect, survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement, and
be in addition to any liability that the Company might otherwise have to any indemnified party under this Agreement, whether or not the
transaction contemplated by this Agreement is completed.

Section 7. Engagement
Term. The Placement Agents engagement hereunder will be until the earlier of (i) March 11, 2025, and (ii) the Closing Date
(such earlier date, the Termination Date); provided, however, the Placement Agent may terminate this
Agreement prior to the Termination Date if it reasonably determines that it is unsatisfied with the results of its due diligence investigation,
notwithstanding its best efforts to complete the Placement. The Company may terminate the engagement hereunder for any reason prior to
the Termination Date. If this Agreement expires or terminates prior to the completion of the Placement, the Company shall reimburse expenses
incurred by the Placement Agent, pursuant to Section 4 hereof but in no event greater than the amounts set forth in Section
4, up to and including the date of Termination. The Placement Agent may not use any confidential information concerning the Company
provided by the Company for any purposes other than those contemplated under this Agreement.

Section 8. Placement Agent
Information. The Company agrees that any information or advice rendered by the Placement Agent in connection with this engagement
is for the confidential use of the Company only in their evaluation of the Placement and, except as otherwise required by law, the Company
will not disclose or otherwise refer to the advice or information in any manner without the Placement Agents prior written consent.

Section 9. No Fiduciary
Relationship. This Agreement does not create, and shall not be construed as creating rights enforceable by any person or entity not
a party hereto, except those entitled hereto by virtue of the indemnification provisions hereof. The Company acknowledges and agrees that
the Placement Agent is not and shall not be construed as a fiduciary of the Company and shall have no duties or liabilities to the equity
holders or the creditors of the Company or any other person by virtue of this Agreement or the retention of the Placement Agent hereunder,
all of which are hereby expressly waived.

Section 10. Closing.
The obligations of the Placement Agent, and the closing of the sale of the Placement Securities hereunder are subject to the accuracy,
when made and on the Closing Date, of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company contained herein and in the Purchase
Agreement, to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and in the Purchase Agreement, and to each of the following
additional terms and conditions, except as otherwise disclosed to and acknowledged and waived by the Placement Agent:

(a) All
corporate proceedings and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form, execution, delivery, and validity of each of this Agreement,
the Placement Securities, and all other legal matters relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby with respect
to the Placement Securities have been completed or resolved in a manner reasonably satisfactory in all material respects to the Placement
Agent.

(b) The
Placement Agent has received from the Companys outside legal counsel, including local counsel, if applicable, such counsels
written opinion and negative assurance letter with respect to the Placement Securities, addressed to the Placement Agent and dated as
of the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

4

(c) The
Placement Agent has received customary certificates of the Companys executive officers (the Officers Certificate)
as to the accuracy of the representations and warranties contained in the Purchase Agreement, and a certificate of the Companys
secretary (the Secretarys Certificate) certifying (i) that the Companys organizational documents are
true and complete, have not been modified and are in full force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of
Directors relating to the Placement are in full force and effect and have not been modified; and (iii) as to the incumbency of the officers
of the Company. Each of the Officers Certificate and Secretarys Certificate must be dated as of the Closing Date, and all
documents referenced in the Secretarys Certificate must be attached thereto.

(d) The
Common Stock has been registered under the Exchange Act and listed, admitted and authorized for trading on the Trading Market or other
applicable U.S. national exchange as of the Closing Date, and the Placement Agent has received reasonably satisfactory evidence of such
actions. The Company has not taken any action designed to, or likely to have the effect of terminating the registration of the Common
Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting, or suspending from trading, the Common Stock from the Trading Market or other applicable U.S.
national exchange. The Company has not received any information suggesting that the Commission or the Trading Market or other U.S. applicable
national exchange is contemplating terminating such registration or listing.

(e) No
action or proceeding before a court of competent jurisdiction has been taken, and no statute, rule, regulation, or order has been enacted,
adopted or issued by any governmental agency or body that would, as of the Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Placement
Securities or materially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company. No injunction, restraining order, or order of
any other nature by any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction has been issued as of the Closing Date that would prevent the
issuance or sale of the Placement Securities or materially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company.

(f) The
Company has entered into a Purchase Agreement with each of the Purchasers of the Placement Securities, and such agreements are in full
force and effect and contain representations, warranties and covenants of the Company as agreed upon between the Company and the Purchasers.

(g) FINRA
raised no objections to the fairness and reasonableness of the terms and arrangements of this Agreement. If requested by the Placement
Agent, the Company has filed, or has authorized the Placement Agents counsel to file on the Companys behalf, with FINRA
all necessary materials in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110 with respect to the Placement and has paid all filing fees required in connection
therewith.

(h) The
Placement Agent has received an executed Lock-Up Agreement from each of the Companys officers and directors prior to the Closing
Date.

(i) On
or before the Closing Date, the Placement Agent and counsel for the Placement Agent have received such information and documents as they
may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Placement Securities as contemplated
herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties of the Company, or the satisfaction of any of
the conditions or agreements, herein contained.

(j) 
On the date hereof, the Placement Agent shall have received, and the Company shall have caused to be delivered to the Placement Agent,
a letter from Citrin Cooperman (formerly known as BD & Company, Inc. (the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company
up until October 31, 2024)), addressed to the Placement Agent, dated as of the date hereof, in form and substance satisfactory to the
Placement Agent. The letter shall not disclose any change in the condition (financial or other), earnings, operations, or business of
the Company, which, in the Placement Agents sole judgment, is material and adverse and that makes it, in the Placement Agents
sole judgment, impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the Placement of the Securities.

(k) The
Placement Agent shall have received from the Company a certificate by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, dated as of such date,
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

If any of the conditions specified
in this Section 9 have not been fulfilled when and as required by this Agreement, the Placement Agent may terminate this Agreement
at any time on or prior to the Closing Date by giving oral or written notice to the Company. Any such oral notice must be promptly confirmed
in writing.

5

Section 11. Governing
Law. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements
made and to be performed entirely in such State. This Agreement may not be assigned by either party hereto without the prior written consent
of the other party. This Agreement is binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties and their respective successors and permitted
assigns. Any right to trial by jury with respect to any dispute arising under this Agreement or any transaction or conduct in connection
herewith is waived. Any dispute arising under this Agreement may be brought into the courts of the State of New York or into the federal
court located in New York, New York, and, by execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company hereby accepts for itself and in respect
of its property, generally and unconditionally, the jurisdiction of aforesaid courts. Each party hereto irrevocably waives personal service
of process, consents to process being served in any such suit, action, or proceeding by delivering a copy thereof via overnight delivery
(with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement, and acknowledges that such
service will constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. If either party commences an action or proceeding to
enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the non-prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall reimburse the prevailing party
for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in connection with such action or proceeding.

Section 12. Entire Agreement/Miscellaneous.
This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding between the parties hereto, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings,
relating to the subject matter hereof. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect,
such determination will not affect such provision in any other respect or any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in
full force and effect. This Agreement may not be amended or otherwise modified or waived except by an instrument in writing signed by
both the Placement Agent and the Company. The representations, warranties, agreements, and covenants contained herein shall survive the
Closing Date of the Placement and delivery of the Placement Securities. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all
of which, when taken together, will be considered one and the same agreement. This Agreement will become effective when each party hereto
has received a counterpart hereof signed by the other party. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or
a .pdf format file, such signature will create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature
is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

Section 13. Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder must be in writing and will be
deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is sent to the email address
specified on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Business Day, (ii) the next Business Day
after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is sent to the email address on the signature pages attached hereto on
a day that is not a Business Day or later than 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Business Day, (iii) the third business day following
the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. internationally recognized air courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom
such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications are as set forth on the signature pages hereto.

Section 14. Press Announcements.
The Company agrees that the Placement Agent may, on and after the Closing Date, reference the Placement and the Placement Agents
role in connection therewith in the Placement Agents marketing materials and on its website and to place advertisements in financial
and other newspapers and journals, in each case at its own expense.

[The remainder of this page has been intentionally
left blank.]

6

Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth
our agreement by signing and returning to the Placement Agent the enclosed copy of this Agreement.

Very truly yours,

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners 

By: 

Name: Thomas Higgins 

Title: Managing Director 

Address for notice:

590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor

New York, New York 10022

Attn: Investment Banking

Email: 

[Signature
Page to the Placement Agency Agreement]

Accepted and Agreed to as of the
date first written above:

PROCESSA PHARMACEUTICALS, inc. 

By: 

Name: George Ng 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Address for notice:

Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

7380 Coca Cola Drive, Suite 106

Hanover, MD 21076

Attn: Chief Executive Officer

Email: 

[Signature
Page to the Placement Agency Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Processa
Pharmaceuticals Announces Pricing of $5 Million Public Offering Priced At-The- Market Under Nasdaq Rules

HANOVER,
MD, January 27, 2025 Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: PCSA) (Processa or the Company), a clinical-stage
pharmaceutical company focused on developing the next generation of chemotherapeutic drugs with improved efficacy and safety, today announced
the pricing of its reasonable best efforts public offering with participation from the Companys Chief Executive
Officer, certain board members, and existing institutional investors of the Company, along with a healthcare focused institutional investor,
consisting of 8,050,672 shares of common stock (or pre-funded warrants in lieu thereof) and accompanying Series A warrants to purchase
up to 8,050,672 shares of common stock (or pre-funded warrants in lieu thereof) and Series B warrants to purchase up to 4,025,336 shares
of common stock at a combined purchase price per share (and accompanying warrants) of $0.615 for the institutional investors and $0.7975
for the Companys Chief Executive Officer and certain board members.

The
Series A warrants will have an exercise price of $0.65 per share, will be exercisable beginning on the effective date of stockholder
approval and will expire five years from the date of stockholder approval. The Series B warrants will have an exercise price of $0.65
per share, will be exercisable beginning on the effective date of stockholder approval and will expire eighteen months from the date
of stockholder approval.

The
gross proceeds from the offering, before deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company, are expected
to be $5 million (excluding any proceeds that may be received upon the exercise of Series A warrants and Series B warrants). The offering
is expected to close on or about January 29, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. The Company intends to
promptly, and in no event later than ninety (90) days after the consummation of the offering, seek stockholder approval for the issuance
of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Series A warrants and Series B warrants, but cannot assure that such stockholder
approval will be obtained. The Company has agreed with the investors in this offering that, if it does not obtain stockholder approval
for the issuance of the shares of common stock upon exercise of the Series A warrants and Series B warrants at the first stockholder
meeting for such purpose after the offering, the Company will call a stockholder meeting every ninety (90) days thereafter until the
earlier of the date it obtains such approval or the Series A warrants and Series B warrants are no longer outstanding.

A.G.P./Alliance
Global Partners is acting as the sole placement agent for the offering.

A
registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-283986) relating to the offering was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC) on January 27, 2025. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus forming part of the
effective registration statement relating to the offering. A preliminary prospectus relating to the offering has been filed with the
SEC. Electronic copies of the final prospectus, when available, may be obtained on the SECs website at http://www.sec.gov
and may also be obtained, when available, by contacting A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners at 590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor, New York,
NY 10022, by phone at (212) 624-2060 or e-mail at prospectus@allianceg.com.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale
of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or
qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About
Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Processa
is a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company focused on developing the Next Generation Chemotherapy (NGC) drugs with improved safety and
efficacy. Processas NGC drugs are modifications of existing FDA-approved oncology therapies resulting in an alteration of the
metabolism and/or distribution of these drugs while maintaining the existing mechanisms of killing the cancer cells. By combining its
novel oncology pipeline with proven cancer-killing active molecules and its Regulatory Science Approach, Processas strategy is
to develop more effective therapy options with improved tolerability for cancer patients through an efficient regulatory path.

For
more information, visit our website at www.processapharma.com.

Forward-Looking
Statements

Statements
contained in this press release regarding matters that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, including
with respect to the public offering. No assurance can be given that the public offering discussed above will be completed. Because such
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. Any forward-looking statements in this statement are based on managements current expectations of future events and
are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those set
forth in or implied by such forward-looking statements. Risks that contribute to the uncertain nature of the forward-looking statements
include, but are not limited to, those risks and uncertainties related to market and other conditions and satisfaction of customary closing
conditions related to the public offering as well as those set forth in the Companys latest Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly
report on Form 10-Q, registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC and the preliminary prospectus included therein, and other
filings made by the Company from time to time with the SEC. Copies of the registration statement can be accessed by visiting the SEC
website at www.sec.gov. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date on which
they were made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist
after the date on which they were made.

Company
Contact:

Patrick
Lin

(925) 683-3218

plin@processapharma.com

Investor
Relations Contact:

Yvonne
Briggs

Alliance Advisors IR

(310)
691-7100

ybriggs@allianceadvisors.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex99-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.2

Processa
Pharmaceuticals Announces Closing of $5 Million Public Offering Priced At-The-Market Under Nasdaq Rules

HANOVER,
Md, January 30, 2025 Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: PCSA) (Processa or the Company),
a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company focused on developing the next generation of chemotherapeutic drugs with improved efficacy and
safety, announces the closing of its previously announced reasonable best efforts public offering with participation
from the Companys Chief Executive Officer, certain board members, and existing institutional investors of the Company, along with
a healthcare focused institutional investor, consisting of 8,050,672 shares of common stock (or pre-funded warrants in lieu thereof)
and accompanying Series A warrants to purchase up to 8,050,672 shares of common stock (or pre-funded warrants in lieu thereof) and Series
B warrants to purchase up to 4,025,336 shares of common stock at a combined purchase price per share (and accompanying warrants) of $0.615
for the institutional investors and $0.7975 for the Companys Chief Executive Officer and certain board members. The closing
occurred on January 29, 2025. 

The
gross proceeds from the offering, before deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company, were $5 million (excluding any proceeds that may be received upon the exercise of Series A warrants and Series B warrants). 

A.G.P./Alliance
Global Partners acted as the sole placement agent for the offering.

A
registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-283986) relating to the offering was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC) on January 27, 2025. The offering was made only by means of a prospectus forming part of the
effective registration statement relating to the offering. A final prospectus relating to the offering has been filed with the SEC. Electronic
copies of the final prospectus may be obtained on the SECs website at http://www.sec.gov and may also be obtained by contacting
A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners at 590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor, New York, NY 10022, by phone at (212) 624-2060 or e-mail at prospectus@allianceg.com.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale
of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or
qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About
Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Processa
is a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company focused on developing the Next Generation Chemotherapy (NGC) drugs with improved safety and
efficacy. Processas NGC drugs are modifications of existing FDA-approved oncology therapies resulting in an alteration of the
metabolism and/or distribution of these drugs while maintaining the existing mechanisms of killing the cancer cells. By combining its
novel oncology pipeline with proven cancer-killing active molecules and its Regulatory Science Approach, Processas strategy is
to develop more effective therapy options with improved tolerability for cancer patients through an efficient regulatory path.

For
more information, visit our website at www.processapharma.com.

Company
Contact:

Patrick
Lin

(925)
683-3218

plin@processapharma.com

Investor
Relations Contact:

Yvonne
Briggs

Alliance
Advisors IR

(310)
691-7100

ybriggs@allianceadvisors.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex99-2_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>pcsa-20250127.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>pcsa-20250127_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>pcsa-20250127_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-004298-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001533743 

2025-01-27 
2025-01-27 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001533743 
8-K 
2025-01-27 
001-39531 
PROCESSA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
DE 
45-1539785 
7380 Coca Cola Drive 
Suite 106 
Hanover 
MD 
21076 
(443) 
776-3133 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock: Par value $.0001 
PCSA 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 27, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 27, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39531

Entity Registrant Name PROCESSA
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001533743

Entity Tax Identification Number 45-1539785

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 7380
Coca Cola Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite
106

Entity Address, City or Town Hanover

Entity Address, State or Province MD

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 21076

City Area Code (443)

Local Phone Number 776-3133

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
stock: Par value $.0001

Trading Symbol PCSA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://processapharmaceuticals.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
pcsa-20250127.xsd 
pcsa-20250127_lab.xml 
pcsa-20250127_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>