<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-070448.txt : 20250401
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-070448.hdr.sgml : 20250401
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250401161731
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-070448
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250327
<DEPOSITOR-CIK>0001383094
<SPONSOR-CIK>0001540151
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Change of Servicer or Trustee
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250401
ABS ASSET CLASS:             	Auto loans

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANTANDER DRIVE AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001383094
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		EIN:				204382941
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-139609
		FILM NUMBER:		25799898

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1601 ELM STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-634-1110

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1601 ELM STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DRIVE AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061208

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2023-2
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001964220
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-261901-09
		FILM NUMBER:		25799899

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1601 ELM STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-634-1110

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1601 ELM STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d915653d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
8-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 8-K

Current
Report 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) 

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported) March 27, 2025 

SANTANDER DRIVE AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2023-2

(Exact Name of Issuing Entity as Specified in its Charter) 

Commission File Number of Issuing Entity: 333-261901-09

Central Index Key Number of Issuing Entity: 0001964220 

SANTANDER DRIVE AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC 

(Exact Name of Depositor as Specified in its Charter) 

Commission File Number of Depositor: 333-261901 

Central Index Key Number of Depositor: 0001383094 

SANTANDER CONSUMER USA INC. 

(Exact Name of Sponsor as Specified in its Charter) 

Central Index Key Number of Sponsor: 0001540151 

Delaware

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation of Registrant) 

87-6991613

(Issuing Entitys I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

Santander Drive Auto Receivables LLC

1601 Elm Street, Suite 800

Dallas, Texas 75201

(Address of Principal Executive Offices of Registrant) (Zip Code)

(214) 292-1930

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Not Applicable 

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) 

Check the appropriate box below
if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act
(17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

N/A N/A N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of
1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On March 27, 2025, Santander Consumer USA Inc. (SC), in its individual capacity and as servicer, Santander Drive Auto Receivables LLC
(Santander Drive), as seller and as depositor, Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2024-4 (the Issuing Entity), Citibank, N.A., as owner trustee (the Owner
Trustee), Citicorp Trust Delaware, National Association, as Delaware trustee (the Delaware Trustee), and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as indenture trustee (the Indenture Trustee), entered into
an omnibus amendment (such amendment, the Omnibus Amendment), which is the first supplement to the Indenture dated as of May 17, 2023, the first amendment to the Sale and Servicing Agreement dated as of May 17, 2023 (the
Sale and Servicing Agreement), and the first amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Trust Agreement dated as of May 17, 2023. The Omnibus Amendment amends the responsibility for certain indemnities and the obligation
for repurchase of receivables for breach of certain servicer representations from SC, as servicer, to SC, in its individual capacity. The Omnibus Amendment is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. 

Item 6.02. Change of Servicer or Trustee. 

Background 

On April 1, 2025 (the Servicing
Transfer Date), SC, as the initial servicer of the receivables held by the Issuing Entity, implemented a reorganization of its servicing operations such that a majority of the motor vehicle receivable servicing performed by SC prior to
April 1, 2025 (including as servicer of the receivables held by the Issuing Entity) will be performed by Santander Bank, N.A. (SBNA) going forward. SBNA has assumed the obligations of the servicer under the Sale and Servicing
Agreement and is the successor to SC as servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

Reg AB Item 1108 Disclosure for Santander Bank, N.A., as
Servicer 

The Servicer 

SBNA is a national banking association chartered under the National Bank Act and subject to supervision by the OCC, the FDIC and the CFPB. SBNA is a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Santander Holdings USA, Inc. (SHUSA). SHUSA is a U.S. bank holding company headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts that serves as an intermediate holding company for the U.S. operations of Banco
Santander, S.A. Prior to the Servicing Transition Date, SBNA 

acted as servicer for motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts or motor vehicle leases sponsored by it since 2023. Effective as of the Servicing Transfer Date, SBNA will assume the
servicing for more than 20 securitizations sponsored by SC. 

All servicing and processing for the receivables will be performed by SBNA, as the servicer.
SBNA, as servicer, will be responsible for billing, collecting, accounting and posting all payments received with respect to the receivables, responding to obligor inquiries, taking steps to maintain the security interest granted in the financed
vehicles or other collateral, coordinating the ongoing liquidation of repossessed collateral, and generally monitoring each receivable and the related collateral. Information about the servicing practices of SBNA is set forth below under
Servicing of the Receivables. 

Servicing of the Receivables 

The servicers servicing practices are closely integrated with the origination platform of SC and also are governed by the Loan Policy. This results in
the efficient exchange of information which aids both servicing and evaluation and modification of product design and underwriting criteria. As part of its risk management program, the servicer periodically performs comprehensive compliance risk
assessments that identify products, services and customer types to determine risks associated with, among other things, consumer compliance laws, regulations and supervisory guidance. In connection with these risk assessments, the servicer may elect
to modify its customary servicing practices or may enhance training and procedures related thereto, including by providing enhanced training to specific servicing personnel. The servicers specific servicing practices and policies may change
over time. 

Payment Methods and Overpayments. Obligors have a variety of available payment options, including mail through a lockbox service,
overnight delivery services, a customer website, an interactive voice response system, third-party payment processing services and verbally with the servicers customer service and collections staff. Debit and ACH payments are accepted through
these payment avenues, but the servicer does not accept payment by credit card. Payment refunds are made to the obligor in the event of an overpayment (including in connection with a payoff). 

Payment Due Date Changes. To make payment due dates more convenient for obligors (for example, to move payment due dates to coincide with an
obligors payroll cycle), the servicer may approve a change in the due date for current accounts or accounts where the due date change would bring the account current. Currently, only two due date changes may be approved during the term, and a
new payment due date cannot be more than 20 days into the future from the original due date. 

Partial Payments. The servicer considers a receivable
delinquent when an obligor fails to pay the required portion of the scheduled payment by the due date, as determined in accordance with the servicers customary servicing practices. The required minimum payment under customary servicing
practices for all receivables (regardless of origination channel or origination date) is 90% of the scheduled payment. In each case, the period of delinquency is based on the number of days payments are contractually past due and is determined based
on customary servicing practices related to partial payments as in effect at the time the obligor made the scheduled payment. 

Fee Waivers and
Refunds. In some instances, accumulated Supplemental Servicing Fees on an obligors account may be waived by someone with the appropriate level of authority (which varies based on the status of the account and the amount to be waived). The
servicer also has the discretion to refund any Supplemental Servicing Fees it has collected to the obligor. The servicer will be entitled to retain all Supplemental Servicing Fees. 

Payoffs and Balance Waivers. A payoff is an amount quoted to the obligor, a dealer or an insurance company that will satisfy all interest, late fees,
miscellaneous fees and principal due and accrued on the related receivable. A short payoff is a payment applied that does not satisfy the full final payoff amount, often because of accrued interest or late fees after a payoff is quoted.
When the remaining account balance falls below the business threshold to be considered a short payoff, the receivable will be considered paid-in-full. The threshold for
a short-payoff is periodically reviewed and may be adjusted based on business strategy. Balance waivers above this threshold may be made with approval commensurate with the dollar amount of the waiver and the status of the receivable. 

Settlements. A settlement (also known as a principal reduction or debt forgiveness) is an option to
assist obligors to settle or pay less than the full amount due on a receivable. An account settlement will only be accepted by the servicer in order to reduce an imminent loss and pursuant to management approval with the level of approval
commensurate with the dollar amount of the principal reduction. 

Bankruptcy. After notification that an obligor has filed for bankruptcy
protection, the account is routed to the bankruptcy department to facilitate compliance with applicable bankruptcy law. The servicers bankruptcy department is responsible for servicing, processing and monitoring all bankruptcy accounts from
the point of bankruptcy initiation to final disposition. Once the bankruptcy filing is verified by the bankruptcy department, all collection and recovery activities stop until a motion for relief from stay has been granted, a reaffirmation agreement
is reached or the bankruptcy is dismissed. Through a bankruptcy account modification, the servicer can restructure debts to include interest, payment amount and term to reflect the treatment of the receivable in the confirmed bankruptcy plan. 

Servicemembers Civil Relief Act. Under the terms of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, as amended (the Relief Act), an obligor who
enters military service after the origination of such obligors receivable (including a borrower who was in reserve status and is called to active duty after the origination of the receivable) is entitled to certain protections. The
servicers customary servicing practices for the benefit of obligors in military service (and, in some cases, family members and certain other related parties of servicemembers in military service, even where not required by law) has in the
past and may in the future exceed the minimum requirements required by the Relief Act or other applicable law. 

Disaster Relief and Recovery. In
the event of a natural or manmade disaster, the servicer may implement a range of actions with respect to impacted obligors and the related receivables, including the cessation of repossession and collection efforts, offering assistance through
modification or extension of the receivable and assisting with the processing of insurance claims. The scope of any such action may exceed the general requirements for eligibility with respect to such action outside of a natural or manmade disaster
situation. The servicer reevaluates and revises its policies related to disaster relief and recovery from time to time based on varying economic hardships arising out of natural and manmade disasters. 

Claims and Total Loss. The servicers insurance department is responsible for assisting customers and insurance companies with insurance claims
upon notification of an incident. The servicers insurance department helps facilitate claims processing by providing necessary documentation to insurance companies and repair facilities, validation of documents received and follow-up calls to customers, insurance companies and repair facilities as needed. Claim types facilitated by the servicers insurance department include repair, total loss, GAP and credit life and disability.
The obligors for all of the receivables owned by the issuing entity are required under the receivables to maintain physical damage insurance policies naming the originator as loss payee. the servicer does not force place insurance in the event of a
lapse and the servicer may, but is not required under the transaction documents to, use a third-party vendor to monitor proof of insurance. Since obligors may choose their own insurers to provide the required coverage, the specific terms and
conditions of their policies may vary. Customers are responsible for any balances that remain on an account after the insurance proceeds have been received and posted. 

Customer Relief Tools. The servicer provides various options to assist obligors with temporary setbacks, including extensions and modifications, each
of which has been designed to comply with applicable federal regulatory and legal guidance. Prior to implementing any of these options, the servicer assesses account status and an obligors hardship or situation in an effort to determine if a
loss mitigation treatment will increase the likelihood that an obligor is able to repay its obligations under the receivable. For example, when evaluating relief options, the servicer considers at a minimum the type of hardship or situation
affecting the obligor, how long the hardship or situation is likely to impact the obligors ability to repay and whether the relief option will increase the likelihood of the obligors ability to repay. As part of the approval process for
extensions or modifications, the obligor is expected to establish a renewed ability and willingness to repay the loan in accordance with regulatory ability-to-pay
guidance. However, for obligors impacted by a natural disaster, an extension, modification or reduction in payment may be offered without assessing the obligors ability and willingness to pay, as described above under Disaster
Relief and Recovery. None of the loss mitigation treatments currently include interest grace periods. The servicers servicing practices and policies set forth explicit requirements that control the use of these options. The
servicers servicing practices and policies, including specific policies related to the use of extensions, modifications, 

reductions in payment and other servicing tools, are reevaluated and revised from time to time. Exceptions to the servicers servicing practices and policies, including eligibility
requirements for loss mitigation treatment, must be approved by someone with the appropriate level of authority. 

Extensions. An extension is the
process of moving one or more monthly payments to the end of the receivables term (thereby extending the maturity date of the contract) in order to provide an obligor with temporary financial relief. Additionally, an extension may occur in
connection with a modification, as described below under Modifications. Historically, extensions (other than extensions in connection with a modification) were generally limited to a maximum of eight months during the life
of the loan. However, in 2020, the servicer modified its general servicing practices such that extensions (other than extensions in connection with a modification) were generally limited to a maximum of twelve months during the life of the loan, and
the servicer has further modified its general servicing practices to generally limit extensions (other than extensions in connection with a modification) to a maximum of eight months during the life of the loan plus an additional twelve months
during a disaster situation, with the maximum number of extensions not to exceed sixteen during the life of a loan. Under the servicers current servicing practices, each extension (other than extensions in connection with a modification)
ranges from one to three months in length, with the maximum number of months per extension limited to three months. In March 2023, the servicer further modified its general servicing practices such that eight payments must have been received from
the date of origination before the obligor is eligible for an extension (other than extensions in connection with a modification), and eight payments must have been received since a previous extension or modification. 

Modifications. Under the servicers current servicing practices and policies, a hardship modification is the process of decreasing an
obligors monthly payment by changing the terms of the original contract, and a mature modification is a modification provided to obligors who are within six months of the maturity date which extends the term of the receivable and may reduce
the interest rate for the new remaining term. A modification is generally only an option for accounts that have not been charged-off, and for which a specified minimum number of payments have been made.
Obligors are only eligible for a single modification during the life of the receivable, but an obligor who has received a modification may also be granted a mature modification. The servicing practices and policies provide the servicer with the
ability to implement a range of options with respect to an impacted receivable in connection with a hardship modification, including permitting voluntary surrender of the related financed vehicle, waiving the receivables deficiency balance, a
permanent or temporary reduction in the principal balance of or interest rate on such receivable and extension of the receivables term. 

Collections. Primary collections activities are performed at multiple U.S. servicing centers to enhance the servicers servicing capabilities and
the level of customer service delivered to the servicers obligors. The servicer also uses vendors for collections and reviews and certain other customer service operations and servicing-related activities. The servicer uses application
characteristics, refreshed credit data, model-driven methodologies and obligor behavior to apply a risk-driven collections strategy. The servicer may use a behavior score to determine the entry point into predictive collections and the intensity of
treatment upon entry. Under the servicers servicing practices, communication with obligors (whether written or verbal), is required to be conducted in accordance with applicable regulatory and statutory requirements. Phone conversations
between obligors and the servicer are recorded or monitored for performance evaluation, training and other business related purposes. In order to minimize losses, the servicer attempts to collect payments from delinquent customers to bring the
account current. At this stage of the collections process, the objectives include, among other things: to collect past due payments; to educate obligors on the consequences of non-payment; and to use available
tools to support repayment, workout or disposition of collateral (where applicable, and as a last resort), including loan modification tools (e.g., modifications, extensions) to assist in repayment of amounts owed. 

The collection process is divided into stages. The number of days a receivable is delinquent enough to trigger any stage in the collection process varies
depending on the behavior score and credit quality of the related obligor. The first stage in the collection process is early stage collections. The servicers early stage customers are generally in a pooled environment and contacted through
text, email and telephone. The servicers telephony system delivers the call and customer information to employees simultaneously. The second stage in the collection process is late stage collections. Receivables within the second stage are
worked by an advanced collection unit that provides light skip work, as well as enhanced negotiating skills. The objective of late stage collections is to reduce delinquency, mitigate loss and limit the number of receivables that roll to the
servicers potential loss group. If the delinquency is 

not cured during the late stage collections process, repossession of the vehicle may be recommended. The servicer utilizes outsourcing partners to assist in servicing receivables at all stages of
delinquency. The servicers outsourcing partners utilize the same platform, systems, and quality assurance metrics as its direct employees. 

Repossession. If a receivable is past due or has defaulted, then the servicer may repossess the related financed vehicle. The management of repossessed
vehicles aims to minimize loss and may be determined by various strategies, including liquidation. In determining whether to repossess a financed vehicle, the servicer may also take into account current economic conditions as well as the state of
the used automobile market. All repossessions must be approved by management or an authorized designee. Prior to approving a repossession, the servicer verifies that the obligor is not subject to protection under the Relief Act. Where required by
law or by its customary servicing practices, the servicer sends the obligor a right-to-cure letter prior to repossession of the financed vehicle, informing the obligor
and/or the co-obligor, if applicable, that the receivable is in default and that the related financed vehicle will be repossessed if the obligor and/or the co-obligor,
if applicable, fails to cure the default within the specified time. Additionally, an obligor and/or a co-obligor, if applicable, has the ability to voluntarily surrender a financed vehicle at any time. The right-to-cure letter may be waived as an exception for voluntary surrenders or if the vehicle securing the receivable is in jeopardy by reason of an impound, seizure or
abandonment. An exception to the general process requirements for a repossession must be approved by an officer with appropriate approval authority. After repossession, a Notice of Intent to Sell letter is sent to the obligor where
required by state law, notifying the obligor that the vehicle will be sold at auction unless all requirements for a reinstatement are met. Repossession efforts are closed when a payment is made on the receivable or when an extension request is
complete, but may be resumed if payments on the receivable remain past due and no additional payments are made. If the servicer is unable to repossess a financed vehicle, then the servicer may pursue an action for replevin. Replevin is a court order
that provides legal authority for a lienholder or law enforcement (on the lienholders behalf) to recover the financed vehicle on a receivable in default. If the obligor is subject to a bankruptcy proceeding, then repossession and replevin
options are subject to additional protections and considerations and are supervised by the servicers bankruptcy department. 

The servicers
asset remarketing group manages the inventory of repossessed assets from the point of repossession to the application of liquidation proceeds. Repossessed vehicles are sold at auction. In addition, the asset remarketing group monitors all expenses
related to the sales process and the servicers credit risk management information systems group monitors and provides oversight of auction activities on a monthly basis. 

Impounds. The servicers impound department is responsible for supporting the overall loss mitigation and asset recovery of impounded vehicles to
prevent unintended lien loss and to determine the appropriate course of action regarding the repossession or abandonment of financed vehicles. The impound department, subject to specific limitations (e.g., the vehicle has already been assigned for
repossession), generally will attempt to make contact with the obligor to determine whether the obligor intends to recover the vehicle. With the appropriate level of management approval, which varies based on the dollar amount of the associated
recovery costs, the servicer may elect to bailout the vehicle after taking into consideration all associated costs and expected net proceeds prior to repossession or abandonment of the impounded vehicle. Impound bailout costs may consist of
repossession fees, collateral evaluation fees, storage fees, repair fees, transportation fees and other associated recovery fees. These fees are allocated to the obligors account. 

Reinstatements. A reinstatement is an agreement with the obligor to restore the receivable to the terms prior to the repossession. The servicers
servicing practices and policies provide that the servicer must comply with state specific guidelines and regulatory requirements to reinstate an account. As part of the approval process for a reinstatement, the obligor is expected to establish a
renewed willingness and ability to repay the loan in accordance with regulatory ability-to-pay guidance. The ability to make ongoing future payments may be determined
from new information pertinent to any of the following situations, but not limited to: income reduction or loss; job changes; life changes (e.g., death in the family, family emergencies, medical); car repairs; and unexpected expenses. Reinstatements
must be approved by someone with the appropriate level of authority, which level of authority varies based on the number of previous repossessions and the existence of other factors such as an early payment default or threats of violence. In
addition, the Loan Policy provides specific additional guidelines in connection with a reinstatement for obligors in bankruptcy. 

Charge-offs. The servicer defines a charge-off as the
accounting process of writing off likely uncollectable receivables. For charge-off accounts (other than accounts in active bankruptcy), collections activity continues with respect to any outstanding balance.
Once a receivable is charged-off, it is always indicated as a charge-off in the servicers system of record. The servicers
charge-off policy is designed to ensure compliance with applicable law and a consistent approach to the charge-off of delinquent accounts. Generally, a receivable is charged-off at month-end during the month in which the receivables reaches 120 days past due. Under the servicers servicing practices, if a vehicle is sold following a
repossession, then the receivable will be charged-off upon receipt of the related liquidation proceeds and if a receivable is confirmed as being the subject of fraud, then the receivable will be charged-off within 60 days from the last day of the month in which the confirmed fraud was identified. Receivables with a deceased obligor and no surviving obligors are
charged-off once the account has reached 60 days past due, as early as the month following notification. Receivables with an obligor in bankruptcy are charged-off within
60 days of receipt of filing from the bankruptcy court, and the balance of the receivable is written down to the value of the collateral (less cost to sell). Once a receivable has been charged-off (or, in some
circumstances, once a vehicle has been repossessed) by the servicer, interest may stop accruing. 

Under the servicers servicing practices,
receivables related to repossessed vehicles are charged-off at the end of the month during which the earliest of any of the following occurs: (a) liquidation of the repossessed vehicle; (b) more than
90 days have elapsed since the date the vehicle was repossessed; and (c) the receivable becomes contractually delinquent 120 days. The amount of the initial charge-off will be equal to the then current
outstanding receivable principal balance less, if the repossessed vehicle has been liquidated, the sum of the proceeds from the disposition of the vehicle, net of the costs incurred in repossessing, storing and disposing of the vehicle. The initial charge-off may be adjusted for additional recoveries or charge-offs, to reflect the actual proceeds received from rebates or the cancellation of outstanding insurance policies and/or extended service contracts. 

If the vehicle financed by a receivable is a total loss, the receivable will be charged-off at the end of the month
when the receivable becomes contractually delinquent greater than 120 days. 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(a) 

Not applicable. 

(b) 

Not applicable. 

(c) 

Not applicable. 

(d) 

Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. 

Document Description

99.1 Omnibus Amendment to Sale and Servicing Agreement, Second Amended and Restated Trust Agreement and Indenture, dated as of March 
27, 2025, between the Issuing Entity, Santander Drive, SC, the Owner Trustee, the Delaware Trustee and the Indenture Trustee. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

April 1, 2025 SANTANDER DRIVE AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC

By: /s/ Craig Shmoldas

Name: Craig Shmoldas

Title: Vice President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d915653dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

OMNIBUS AMENDMENT 

(SANTANDER DRIVE AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2023-2)

This OMNIBUS AMENDMENT, dated as of March 27, 2025 (this Omnibus Amendment), is by and between Santander Drive Auto
Receivables Trust 2023-2, as issuer (the Issuer), Santander Drive Auto Receivables LLC (the Seller or the Depositor), Santander Consumer USA Inc.
(Santander Consumer and, in its capacity as servicer, the Servicer), Wilmington Trust, National Association, solely as indenture trustee and not in its individual capacity (the Indenture
Trustee), Citicorp Trust Delaware, National Association, as the Delaware trustee (in such capacity the Delaware Trustee), and Citibank, N.A., as the owner trustee (in such capacity the Owner Trustee),
and is the: 

(i) First Amendment to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2023 (the Original
Closing Date), between the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Sale and Servicing Agreement); 

(ii) First Supplement to the Indenture, dated as of the Original Closing Date, between the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee (as
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Indenture); and 

(iii)
First Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of the Original Closing Date, between the Depositor, the Delaware Trustee and the Owner Trustee (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time,
the Trust Agreement). 

The agreements listed in preceding clauses (i) and (ii), either before or after giving
effect to this Omnibus Amendment, as the context requires, are referred to herein collectively as the New York Amendment Documents. The Trust Agreement listed in preceding clause (iii), either before or after giving effect to this
Omnibus Amendment, as the context requires, is referred to herein as the Trust Agreement, and together with the New York Amendment Documents, the Amendment Documents. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the
Seller and the Servicer desire to amend the Sale and Servicing Agreement as set forth herein; 

WHEREAS, the Issuer and the Indenture
Trustee desire to supplement the Indenture as set forth herein; 

WHEREAS, the Depositor, the Delaware Trustee and the Owner Trustee desire
to amend the Trust Agreement as set forth herein; 

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

SDART 2023-2:

Omnibus Amendment

SECTION 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used in this Omnibus Amendment and not
otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, as amended hereby. 

SECTION 2. Amendments to the Sale and Servicing Agreement. Effective as of the date hereof, the Seller and the Servicer hereby amend
the Sale and Servicing Agreement as follows, and Santander Consumer hereby acknowledges and agrees to the Sale and Servicing Agreement for purposes of accepting the obligations of Santander Consumer set forth in the Sale and Servicing Agreement and
the other Transaction Documents: 

(a) The final sentence of Section 3.1(b) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement is
hereby amended by deleting the phrase The Servicer and replacing such phrase with the term Santander Consumer where such phrase appears. 

(b) The third sentence of Section 3.2(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the
phrase it will either correct such action or promptly purchase such Receivable and replacing such phrase with the Servicer shall correct such action or Santander Consumer shall purchase such Receivable. 

(c) Section 3.6 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement is hereby amended and restated in full to read as follows: 

Purchase of Receivables Upon Breach. Upon discovery by any party hereto of a breach of any of the covenants set forth in
Section 3.2, 3.3, 3.4 or 3.5 with respect to any Receivable which materially and adversely affects the interests of the Issuer or the Noteholders in any Receivable, the party discovering or receiving
written notice of such breach shall give prompt written notice thereof to the other parties hereto; provided, (i) that the delivery of a Servicers Certificate which identifies that Receivables are being or have been repurchased
shall be deemed to constitute prompt notice by Santander Consumer, the Servicer and the Issuer of such breach and (ii) Santander Consumer, the Servicer or the Indenture Trustee shall be deemed to have knowledge of such breach only if a
Responsible Officer thereof has actual knowledge thereof, including without limitation upon receipt of written notice; provided, further, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect any obligation of Santander Consumer under this
Section 3.6. If the breach materially and adversely affects the interests of the Issuer or the Noteholders in such Receivable, or if Santander Consumer is required to purchase a Receivable pursuant to
Section 3.2, then (a) the Servicer shall correct or cure such breach, if applicable, or (b) Santander Consumer shall purchase, or cause to be purchased, such Receivable from the Issuer, in either case on or before
the Business Day before the Payment Date following the end of the Collection Period which includes the 60th day (or, if Santander Consumer elects, an earlier date) after the date Santander Consumer became aware or was notified of such breach. Any
such breach or failure will be deemed not to have a material and adverse effect if such breach or failure has not affected the ability of the Issuer to receive and retain timely payment in full on such Receivable. Any such purchase by, or at the
direction of, Santander Consumer shall be at a price equal to the related Repurchase Price. In consideration for such 

2 

SDART 2023-2:

Omnibus Amendment

purchase, Santander Consumer shall make (or shall cause to be made) a payment to the Issuer equal to the Repurchase Price by depositing such amount into the Collection Account prior to noon, New
York City time, on such date of purchase (or, if Santander Consumer elects, an earlier date). Upon payment of such Repurchase Price, the Indenture Trustee, on behalf of the Noteholders, and the Issuer shall release and shall execute and deliver such
instruments of release, transfer or assignment, in each case without recourse or representation, as may be reasonably requested by Santander Consumer to evidence such release, transfer or assignment or more effectively vest in Santander Consumer or
its designee all of the Issuers and Indenture Trustees rights in any Receivable and related Transferred Assets purchased pursuant to this Section 3.6. It is understood and agreed that the obligation of Santander
Consumer to purchase, or cause to be purchased, any Receivable as described above shall constitute the sole remedy respecting such breach available to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee. 

(d) The third sentence of Section 3.11 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement is hereby amended and restated in full to
read as follows: 

The Servicer shall pay the fee of the Administrator pursuant to the Administration Agreement. Santander Consumer shall
pay (i) fees, expenses, indemnities and disbursements of (x) the Indenture Trustee to the extent required under Section 6.7 of the Indenture and (y) the Owner Trustee and the Delaware Trustee to the extent
required under Sections 8.1 and 8.2 of the Trust Agreement and (ii) organizational expenses of the Issuer. 

(e) The heading, first paragraph and clause (a) of Section 6.2 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement are hereby
amended and restated in full to read as follows: 

Indemnities of Servicer and Santander Consumer. The Servicer, Santander Consumer
and the Issuer will be liable in accordance herewith only to the extent of the obligations specifically undertaken by the Servicer, Santander Consumer and the Issuer, respectively, under this Agreement, and hereby agree to the following: 

(a) The Servicer shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Issuer, the Delaware Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee
(including when performing its duties as Relevant Trustee), the Seller and Santander Consumer from and against any and all costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses and court costs and any losses incurred in connection
with a successful defense, in whole or part, of any claim that the Indenture Trustee or the Owner Trustee breached its standard of care and legal fees and expenses incurred in actions against the indemnifying party), losses, damages, claims and
liabilities, arising out of or resulting from the use, ownership or operation by the Servicer or any sub-contractor hired by the Servicer of a Financed Vehicle. 

(f) Section 6.2(b) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the phrase the
Servicer and replacing such phrase with the term Santander Consumer in all places where such phrase appears. 

3 

SDART 2023-2:

Omnibus Amendment

(g) Section 6.2(c) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement are hereby
amended and restated in full to read as follows: 

The Servicer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the
Delaware Trustee, the Indenture Trustee (including when performing its duties as Relevant Trustee), the Seller and Santander Consumer from and against any and all costs, expenses, losses, claims, damages, and liabilities to the extent that such
cost, expense, loss, claim, damage, or liability arose out of, or was imposed upon any such Person through the negligence, willful misfeasance, or bad faith (other than errors in judgment) of the Servicer in the performance of its duties under this
Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party, or by reason of its failure to perform its obligations or of reckless disregard of its obligations and duties under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a
party; provided, however, that neither the Servicer nor Santander Consumer shall be required to indemnify for any costs, expenses, losses, claims, damages or liabilities arising from the Servicers breach of any covenant for which the purchase
of the affected Receivables is specified as the sole remedy pursuant to Section 3.6. 

(h)
Section 6.2(d) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the phrase the Servicer and replacing such phrase with the term Santander Consumer. 

(i) The second sentence of Section 6.2(e) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the
phrase the Issuer or the Servicer and replacing such phrase with the Issuer, the Servicer or Santander Consumer. 

(j) The defined term Repurchase Price in Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the
phrase or the Servicer, as applicable where such phrase appears. 

(k) The defined term Repurchased Receivable in
Appendix A to the Sale and Servicing Agreement is hereby amended deleting the phrase the Servicer and replacing such phrase with the term Santander Consumer where such phrase appears 

SECTION 3. Supplements to the Indenture. Effective as of the date hereof, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee hereby amend and
supplement the Indenture as follows: 

(a) Section 6.7 of the Indenture is hereby amended by deleting the phrases
The Servicer and the Servicer and replacing such phrases with the term Santander Consumer in all places where either such phrase appears. 

SECTION 4. Amendments to the Trust Agreement. Effective as of the date hereof, the Depositor, the Delaware Trustee and the Owner
Trustee hereby amend the Trust Agreement as follows: 

4 

SDART 2023-2:

Omnibus Amendment

(a) Section 2.7(a), Section 8.1 and
Section 8.2 of the Trust Agreement are hereby amended by deleting the phrases The Servicer and the Servicer and replacing such phrases with the term Santander Consumer in all places where
either such phrase appears. 

SECTION 5. Miscellaneous. 

(a) Full Force and Effect. Each of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Indenture and the Trust Agreement, as amended hereby, remains
in full force and effect. Any reference to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Indenture and the Trust Agreement, as applicable, from and after the date hereof shall be deemed to refer to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Indenture and the
Trust Agreement, as applicable, as amended hereby, unless otherwise expressly stated. 

(b) Counterparts and Electronic Signature.
This Omnibus Amendment shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party only when executed by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of: (i) an electronic signature that complies with the federal Electronic
Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, in each case to the extent applicable; (ii) an original manual signature; or
(iii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature. Each electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original
manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature of any other party and shall have no duty to
investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. This Omnibus Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but such counterparts shall, together, constitute
only one instrument. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any notice provided for in this Omnibus Amendment or any instrument required or permitted to be delivered hereunder, any party hereto receiving or relying upon such notice or
instrument shall be entitled to request execution thereof by original manual signature as a condition to the effectiveness thereof. 

(c)
Governing Law (New York Amendment Documents). SOLELY WITH RESPECT TO THE NEW YORK AMENDMENT DOCUMENTS, THIS OMNIBUS AMENDMENT AND ALL DISPUTES, CLAIMS, CONTROVERSIES, DISAGREEMENTS, ACTIONS AND PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF RELATING TO THIS
OMNIBUS AMENDMENT, INCLUDING THE SCOPE OR VALIDITY OF THIS PROVISION, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, INCLUDING ITS STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND
REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY LAWS OR RULES OR PROVISIONS, INCLUDING ANY BORROWING STATUTE, THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS, RULES
OR PROVISIONS OF ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

5 

SDART 2023-2:

Omnibus Amendment

(d) Governing Law (Trust Agreement). SOLELY WITH RESPECT TO THE TRUST AGREEMENT,
THIS OMNIBUS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE
DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

(e) Direction to Owner Trustee. The Depositor and the Administrator hereby direct the
Owner Trustee to execute and deliver this Omnibus Amendment on behalf of the Issuer. The Depositor and the Administrator hereby certify they have the power and authority under the Trust Agreement to direct the Owner Trustee with respect to the
foregoing actions and that the above referenced actions are duly authorized pursuant to and in accordance with the Trust Agreement. In addition, the Depositor and the Administrator confirm that all action taken by the Owner Trustee in connection
with this Omnibus Amendment is covered by the fee and indemnification provisions set forth in the Trust Agreement and that the Owner Trustee shall be fully indemnified by the undersigned in connection with action taken pursuant to this Omnibus
Amendment. 

(f) Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee. It is expressly understood and agreed by the parties that (a) this
Omnibus Amendment is executed and delivered by Citibank, N.A., not individually or personally, but solely as Owner Trustee of the Issuer, in the exercise of the powers and authority conferred and vested in it, pursuant to the Trust Agreement,
(b) each of the representations, warranties, covenants, undertakings and agreements herein made on the part of the Issuer is made and intended not as personal representations, warranties, covenants undertakings and agreements by Citibank, N.A.
but is made and intended for the purpose of binding only the Issuer, (c) nothing herein contained shall be construed as creating any liability on Citibank, N.A., individually or personally, to perform any covenant either expressed or implied
contained herein, all such liability, if any, being expressly waived by the parties hereto and by any Person claiming by, through or under the parties hereto, (d) Citibank, N.A. has made no investigation as to the accuracy or completeness of
any representations or warranties made by the Issuer or any other Person in this Omnibus Amendment and (e) under no circumstances shall Citibank, N.A. be personally liable for the payment of any indebtedness or expenses of the Issuer or be
liable for the breach or failure of any obligation, representation, warranty or covenant made or undertaken by the Issuer under this Omnibus Amendment or under the Notes or any of the other Transaction Documents or in any of the certificates,
notices or agreements delivered pursuant thereto, as to all of which recourse shall be had solely to the assets of the Issuer. 

[Signatures
follow] 

6 

SDART 2023-2:

Omnibus Amendment

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Omnibus Amendment to be executed by
their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 

SANTANDER DRIVE AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC,

as Depositor and as Seller

By: /s/ Collin Devlin

Name: Collin Devlin

Title: Vice President

SANTANDER CONSUMER USA INC.,

in its individual capacity, as Administrator and as Servicer

By: /s/ Craig Shmoldas

Name: Craig Shmoldas

Title: Vice President

S-1 

SDART 2023-2:

Omnibus Amendment

SANTANDER DRIVE AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2023-2

By: Citibank, N.A.,

not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: /s/ Louis Piscitelli

Name: Louis Piscitelli

Title: Senior Trust Officer

CITIBANK, N.A.,

as Owner Trustee

By: /s/ Louis Piscitelli

Name: Louis Piscitelli

Title: Senior Trust Officer

CITICORP TRUST DELAWARE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Delaware Trustee

By: /s/ Dale Murphy

Name: Dale Murphy

Title: Trust Officer

S-2 

SDART 2023-2:

Omnibus Amendment

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

not in its individual capacity but solely as the Indenture Trustee

By: /s/ Matthew Jorjorian

Name: Matthew Jorjorian

Title: Vice President

S-3 

SDART 2023-2:

Omnibus Amendment
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>