<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-039300.txt : 20250227
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-039300.hdr.sgml : 20250227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250227163023
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-039300
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250227
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Targa Resources Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001389170
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS TRANSMISSION [4922]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34991
		FILM NUMBER:		25679563

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TARGA RESOURCES PARTNERS LP
		STREET 2:		1000 LOUISIANA STREET, SUITE 4300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-584-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TARGA RESOURCES PARTNERS LP
		STREET 2:		1000 LOUISIANA STREET, SUITE 4300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Targa Resources Investments Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070207
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d154736d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000138917000013891702025-02-272025-02-27

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): February 27, 2025

TARGA RESOURCES CORP.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-34991 20-3701075

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation or organization) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

811 Louisiana St, Suite 2100

Houston, TX77002

(Address of principal executive office and Zip Code)

(713)584-1000

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock TRGP New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On February 27, 2025, Targa Resources Corp. (the Company), along with certain of its subsidiaries (the Subsidiary Guarantors), completed the previously announced underwritten public offering (the Offering) of (i) $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.550% Senior Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes) and (ii) $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of the Companys 6.125% Senior Notes due 2055 (the 2055 Notes, and, together with the 2035 Notes, the Notes). 

The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis by the Subsidiary Guarantors (the Guarantees, and, together with the Notes, the Securities) so long as such Subsidiary Guarantors satisfy certain conditions. The Securities were issued pursuant to the Indenture, dated as of April 6, 2022 (the Base Indenture), as supplemented by that certain Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 27, 2025 (the Tenth Supplemental Indenture, and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee). 

The Company expects to use a portion of the net proceeds from the Offering to fund the repurchase from the Companys joint venture partner of all of the outstanding preferred equity in Targa Badlands LLC, the entity that holds all of the Companys North Dakota assets, for approximately $1.8 billion in cash (the Badlands Transaction). The Company expects the Badlands Transaction to close in the first quarter of 2025, subject to customary closing conditions, with an effective date of January 1, 2025. The Company expects to use the remaining net proceeds from the Offering for general corporate purposes, including to repay borrowings under its unsecured commercial paper note program (the Commercial Paper Program). If the Company does not complete the Badlands Transaction, it expects to use the net proceeds from the Offering for general corporate purposes, including to repay borrowings under the Commercial Paper Program, repay other indebtedness, for capital expenditures, for additions to working capital and for investments in its subsidiaries. 

The Offering was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-263730) of the Company (as may be amended from time to time, the Registration Statement), as supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement, dated February 24, 2025, relating to the Securities (the Prospectus Supplement), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2025. A legal opinion related to the Securities is included as Exhibit 5.1 hereto. 

The terms of the Securities and the Indenture are further described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus Supplement under the captions Description of Debt Securities and Description of the Notes, respectively. Such descriptions do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Base Indenture and the Tenth Supplemental Indenture, copies of which are filed as Exhibit 4.1 and Exhibit 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

The Trustee and certain of its affiliates have from time to time performed, and may in the future perform, various financial advisory, commercial and investment banking services for the Company or the Subsidiary Guarantors for which they received or will receive customary fees and expenses. U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc., one of the underwriters, is an affiliate of the Trustee under the Indenture. 

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information contained in Item 1.01 is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. 

2 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

4.1 Indenture, dated as of April 6, 2022, among Targa Resources Corp., as issuer, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Targa Resources Corp.s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 6, 2022 (File No. 001-34991)).

4.2 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 27, 2025, among Targa Resources Corp., as issuer, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. 

4.3 Form of Notes (included in Exhibit 4.2 hereto). 

5.1 Opinion of Vinson & Elkins L.L.P. regarding the legality of the Securities. 

23.1 Consent of Vinson & Elkins L.L.P. (included in Exhibit 5.1 hereto). 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

3 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

TARGA RESOURCES CORP.

Dated: February 27, 2025 By: 

/s/ Jennifer R. Kneale

Jennifer R. Kneale

President Finance and Administration

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d154736dex42.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.2
<TEXT>
EX-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 

TARGA RESOURCES CORP., 

as
Issuer, 

EACH OF THE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS PARTY HERETO, 

as Subsidiary Guarantors, 

and

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Trustee 

TENTH SUPPLEMENTAL
INDENTURE 

Dated as of February 27, 2025 

to 

Indenture dated as of
April 6, 2022 

5.550% Senior Notes due 2035 

6.125% Senior Notes due 2055 

Table of Contents 

Page 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 1 

Section 1.1 

Generally 1 

Section 1.2 

Definition of Certain Terms 2 

ARTICLE II GENERAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 3 

Section 2.1 

Form 3 

Section 2.2 

Title, Amount and Payment of Principal and Interest 4 

Section 2.3 

Transfer and Exchange 5 

ARTICLE III GUARANTY; FUTURE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES 5 

Section 3.1 

Guarantee 5 

Section 3.2 

Future Subsidiary Guarantors 5 

ARTICLE IV REDEMPTION 6 

Section 4.1 

Optional Redemption of 2035 Notes 6 

Section 4.2 

Optional Redemption of 2055 Notes 6 

Section 4.3 

Optional Redemption Generally 7 

Section 4.4 

No Mandatory Redemption 7 

ARTICLE V MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 7 

Section 5.1 

Ratification of Base Indenture 7 

Section 5.2 

Trustee Not Responsible for Recitals 7 

Section 5.3 

Table of Contents, Headings, etc. 8 

Section 5.4 

Counterpart Originals 8 

Section 5.5 

Governing Law 8 

i 

THIS TENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of February 27, 2025 (the Tenth
Supplemental Indenture), is among Targa Resources Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), the parties identified as Subsidiary Guarantors on the signature pages hereto (collectively, the
Subsidiary Guarantors), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association, as trustee (the Trustee). 

WHEREAS, the Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors named therein and the Trustee have heretofore executed and delivered an Indenture, dated as of
April 6, 2022 (the Base Indenture and, as supplemented by this Tenth Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture), providing for the issuance by the Issuer from time to time of its debentures,
notes, bonds or other evidences of indebtedness to be issued in one or more series unlimited as to principal amount (the Debt Securities), and the guarantee of the Debt Securities (the Guarantee)
by one or more of the Subsidiary Guarantors; 

WHEREAS, the Issuer has duly authorized and desires to cause to be established pursuant to
the Base Indenture and this Tenth Supplemental Indenture two new series of Debt Securities designated as follows: the 5.550% Senior Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes) and the 6.125% Senior Notes due
2055 (the 2055 Notes and, together with the 2035 Notes, the Notes); 

WHEREAS, Sections 2.01 and 2.03 of the Base Indenture permit the execution of indentures supplemental thereto to establish the form and terms
of Debt Securities of any series; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.01(h) of the Base Indenture, the Issuer has requested that the
Trustee join in the execution of this Tenth Supplemental Indenture to establish the form and terms of the Notes; and 

WHEREAS, all things
necessary have been done to make the Notes, when executed and delivered by the Issuer and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee hereunder and under the Base Indenture and duly issued by the Issuer, and the Guarantees of the Subsidiary
Guarantors, when the Notes are duly issued by the Issuer, the valid obligations of the Issuer and the Subsidiary Guarantors, respectively, and to make this Tenth Supplemental Indenture a valid agreement of the Issuer and the Subsidiary Guarantors
enforceable in accordance with its terms. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee hereby agree that the
following provisions shall supplement the Base Indenture: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.1 Generally. 

(a) Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Base Indenture.

(b) The rules of interpretation set forth in the Base Indenture shall be applied hereto as if set forth in full herein. 

1 

Section 1.2 Definition of Certain Terms. 

For all purposes of this Tenth Supplemental Indenture, except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires, the
following terms shall have the following respective meanings: 

2035 Interest Payment Dates shall have the
meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.2(a). 

2055 Interest Payment Dates shall have the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 2.2(b). 

2035 Notes Par Call Date means May 15, 2035. 

2055 Notes Par Call Date means November 15, 2054. 

Book-Entry Notes shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.1. 

Original 2035 Notes shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.2(a). 

Original 2055 Notes shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.2(b). 

Par Call Date means, with respect to the 2035 Notes and the 2055 Notes, the 2035 Notes Par Call Date and the 2055
Notes Par Call Date, respectively. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Redemption Date, the yield
determined by the Issuer in accordance with the following two paragraphs: 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuer after 4:15
p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date based upon the yield or yields
for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any
successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15
TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the applicable Par Call Date with
respect to the Notes to be redeemed (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the applicable Par Call Date on a straight-line basis
(using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as
applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the Redemption Date. 

2 

If on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date H.15 TCM or any successor
designation or publication is no longer published, the Issuer shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding
such Redemption Date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the applicable Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the applicable Par Call Date but
there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the applicable Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the applicable Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the applicable Par
Call Date, the Issuer shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the applicable Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the applicable Par Call Date or two or more
United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Issuer shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon
the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the
applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three
decimal places. 

ARTICLE II 

GENERAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 

Section 2.1 Form. 

The 2035 Notes and the 2055 Notes and the Trustees certificates of authentication shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 and Exhibit A-2, respectively, to this Tenth Supplemental Indenture, which are hereby incorporated into this Tenth Supplemental Indenture. The terms and provisions
contained in the Notes shall constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of this Tenth Supplemental Indenture and, to the extent applicable, the Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Tenth
Supplemental Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. 

Each series of the Notes shall be issued
upon original issuance in whole in the form of one or more Global Debt Securities as contemplated in the Base Indenture (the Book-Entry Notes). Each Book-Entry Note shall represent such of the outstanding Notes as shall be
specified therein and shall provide that it shall represent the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby may from time to time
be reduced or increased, as appropriate, to reflect exchanges and redemptions. 

The Issuer initially appoints The Depository Trust Company
to act as Depositary with respect to the Book-Entry Notes. 

3 

Section 2.2 Title, Amount and Payment of Principal and Interest. 

(a) The title of the 2035 Notes shall be designated as the 5.550% Senior Notes due 2035. The Trustee shall authenticate and
deliver (i) the 2035 Notes for original issue on the date hereof (the Original 2035 Notes) in the aggregate principal amount of $1,000,000,000, and (ii) additional 2035 Notes for original issue from time to time
after the date hereof in such principal amounts as may be specified in an Issuer Order described in this sentence, in each case upon an Issuer Order for the authentication and delivery thereof and satisfaction of the other provisions of
Section 2.04 of the Base Indenture. Such Issuer Order shall specify the amount of the 2035 Notes to be authenticated, the date on which the original issue of 2035 Notes is to be authenticated, and the name or names of the initial Holder or
Holders. The Original 2035 Notes and any additional 2035 Notes issued and authenticated pursuant to clause (ii) of this Section 2.2(a) shall constitute a single series of Debt Securities for all purposes under the Indenture. 

The principal amount of each 2035 Note shall be payable on August 15, 2035. Each 2035 Note shall bear interest from the date of original
issuance, or the most recent date to which interest has been paid, at the fixed rate of 5.550% per annum. The dates on which interest on the 2035 Notes shall be payable shall be February 15 and August 15 of each year (the 2035
Interest Payment Dates), commencing August 15, 2025. The regular record date for interest payable on the 2035 Notes on any 2035 Interest Payment Date shall be February 1 and August 1, as the case may be, next preceding
such 2035 Interest Payment Date. 

Payments of principal of, premium, if any, on, and interest due on the 2035 Notes representing
Book-Entry Notes on any 2035 Interest Payment Date or at maturity will be made available to the Paying Agent by 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on such date, unless such date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, in which case (x) such
payments will be made available to the Paying Agent by 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next Business Day, and (y) for so long as clause (x) is satisfied, no interest shall accrue on the amount of interest due on such 2035 Interest
Payment Date for the period from and after such 2035 Interest Payment Date and the date of payment. As soon as possible thereafter, the Paying Agent will make such payments to the Depositary. 

(b) The title of the 2055 Notes shall be designated as the 6.125% Senior Notes due 2055. The Trustee shall authenticate and
deliver (i) the 2055 Notes for original issue on the date hereof (the Original 2055 Notes) in the aggregate principal amount of $1,000,000,000, and (ii) additional 2055 Notes for original issue from time to time
after the date hereof in such principal amounts as may be specified in an Issuer Order described in this sentence, in each case upon an Issuer Order for the authentication and delivery thereof and satisfaction of the other provisions of
Section 2.04 of the Base Indenture. Such Issuer Order shall specify the amount of the 2055 Notes to be authenticated, the date on which the original issue of 2055 Notes is to be authenticated, and the name or names of the initial Holder or
Holders. The Original 2055 Notes and any additional 2055 Notes issued and authenticated pursuant to clause (ii) of this Section 2.2(b) shall constitute a single series of Debt Securities for all purposes under the Indenture. 

4 

The principal amount of each 2055 Note shall be payable on May 15, 2055. Each 2055 Note
shall bear interest from the date of original issuance, or the most recent date to which interest has been paid, at the fixed rate of 6.125% per annum. The dates on which interest on the 2055 Notes shall be payable shall be May 15 and
November 15 of each year (the 2055 Interest Payment Dates), commencing November 15, 2025. The regular record date for interest payable on the 2055 Notes on any 2055 Interest Payment Date shall be May 1 and
November 1, as the case may be, next preceding such 2055 Interest Payment Date. 

Payments of principal of, premium, if any, on, and
interest due on the 2055 Notes representing Book-Entry Notes on any 2055 Interest Payment Date or at maturity will be made available to the Paying Agent by 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on such date, unless such date falls on a day that is not a
Business Day, in which case (x) such payments will be made available to the Paying Agent by 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next Business Day, and (y) for so long as clause (x) is satisfied, no interest shall accrue on the
amount of interest due on such 2055 Interest Payment Date for the period from and after such 2055 Interest Payment Date and the date of payment. As soon as possible thereafter, the Paying Agent will make such payments to the Depositary. 

Section 2.3 Transfer and Exchange. 

The transfer and exchange of Book-Entry Notes or beneficial interests therein shall be effected through the Depositary, as Global Debt
Securities in accordance with Section 2.17 of the Base Indenture and this Article II of the Tenth Supplemental Indenture and the rules and procedures of the Depositary therefor. 

ARTICLE III 

GUARANTY;
FUTURE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES 

Section 3.1 Guarantee. 

In accordance with Article X of the Base Indenture, the Notes will be fully, unconditionally and absolutely guaranteed on an unsecured,
unsubordinated basis by the Subsidiary Guarantors. Such Guarantees shall be evidenced by the execution by each Subsidiary Guarantee of the Indenture or a supplement thereto, and no notation of such Guarantees on the Notes shall be required to
evidence them. The Guarantees are subject to all of the provisions of Article X of the Base Indenture, including the release provisions therein. 

Section 3.2 Future Subsidiary Guarantors. 

If any Subsidiary of the Issuer that is not then a Subsidiary Guarantor guarantees any obligations of the Issuer under the Credit Agreement,
then the Issuer shall cause such Subsidiary to execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture within sixty (60) days after it guarantees such indebtedness under the Credit Agreement, pursuant to which such Subsidiary will Guarantee
the Issuers obligations with respect to the Notes and under the Indenture. 

5 

ARTICLE IV 

REDEMPTION 

Section 4.1 Optional Redemption of 2035 Notes. 

(a) Prior to the 2035 Notes Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem the 2035 Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time
and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of: 

(1) (A) the sum of the present values of the
remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the Redemption Date (assuming the 2035 Notes matured on the 2035 Notes Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day
year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points less (B) interest accrued to the Redemption Date; and 

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2035 Notes to be redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date. 

(b) On or after the 2035 Notes Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem the 2035 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from
time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2035 Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date. 

(c) Each of the above redemption prices is subject to the right of Holders on the relevant record date to receive interest due
on the relevant interest payment date. 

Section 4.2 Optional Redemption of 2055 Notes. 

(a) Prior to the 2055 Notes Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem the 2055 Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time
and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of: 

(1) (A) the sum of the present values of the
remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the Redemption Date (assuming the 2055 Notes matured on the 2055 Notes Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day
year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 25 basis points less (B) interest accrued to the Redemption Date; and 

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the 2055 Notes to be redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date. 

6 

(b) On or after the 2055 Notes Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem the 2055
Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2055 Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date. 

(c) Each of the above redemption prices is subject to the right of Holders on the relevant record date to receive interest due
on the relevant interest payment date. 

Section 4.3 Optional Redemption Generally. 

(a) Except as provided above, any redemption of the Notes shall be made pursuant to the provisions of Article III of the Base
Indenture. The actual redemption price, calculated as provided in Section 4.1 or Section 4.2 above, as applicable, and paragraph 5 of the form of Note attached as Exhibit A-1 or Exhibit A-2, as applicable, shall be certified in writing to the Trustee by the Issuer no later than the Redemption Date. 

(b) The Issuers actions and determinations in determining the redemption price with respect to any redemption shall be
conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. The Trustee shall have no responsibility for calculating the redemption price. 

Section 4.4 No Mandatory Redemption. 

The Issuer shall not be required to make mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes and shall have no obligation
to repurchase any Notes at the option of the Holders. 

ARTICLE V 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

Section 5.1 Ratification of Base Indenture. 

The Base Indenture, as supplemented by this Tenth Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and this Tenth
Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed part of the Base Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein and therein provided. 

Section 5.2 Trustee Not Responsible for Recitals. 

The recitals contained herein and in the Notes, except with respect to the Trustees certificates of authentication, shall be taken as
the statements of the Issuer and the Subsidiary Guarantors, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness of the same. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Tenth Supplemental Indenture or of
the Notes. 

7 

Section 5.3 Table of Contents, Headings, etc. 

The table of contents and headings of the Articles and Sections of this Tenth Supplemental Indenture have been inserted for convenience of
reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof. 

Section 5.4 Counterpart Originals. 

The parties may sign any number of copies of this Tenth Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them
together represent the same agreement. 

Section 5.5 Governing Law. 

THIS TENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE NOTES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

(Signature Pages Follow) 

8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Tenth Supplemental Indenture to be
duly executed as of the day and year first above written. 

ISSUER:

TARGA RESOURCES CORP.

By: /s/ Joel Thomas

Name: Joel Thomas

Title: Senior Vice President Finance and Treasurer

Signature Page of Tenth Supplemental Indenture 

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS:

TARGA ENERGY GP LLC

TARGA GP INC.

TARGA LP INC.

TARGA RESOURCES FINANCE CORPORATION

TARGA RESOURCES GP LLC

TARGA RESOURCES LLC

By: /s/ Joel Thomas

Name: Joel Thomas

Title: Senior Vice President Finance and Treasurer

Signature Page of Tenth Supplemental Indenture 

TARGA ENERGY LP

By: Targa Energy GP LLC, its general partner

By: /s/ Joel Thomas

Name: Joel Thomas

Title: Senior Vice President Finance and Treasurer

TARGA RESOURCES PARTNERS LP

By: Targa Resources GP LLC, its general partner

By: /s/ Joel Thomas

Name: Joel Thomas

Title: Senior Vice President Finance and Treasurer

Signature Page of
Tenth Supplemental Indenture 

TRUSTEE:

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By: /s/ Misty Gutierrez

Name: Misty Gutierrez

Title: Vice President

Signature Page of Tenth Supplemental Indenture 

Exhibit A-1

FORM OF NOTE 

[FACE OF
SECURITY] 

[UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (DTC)
(55 WATER STREET, NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10041) TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS
WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.]* 

[TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR
SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO HEREIN.]* 

No. $

CUSIP: 87612GAM3

ISIN: US87612GAM33

TARGA RESOURCES CORP. 

5.550% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2035 

TARGA RESOURCES CORP., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer, which term includes any successor under the Indenture
hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to _________________ or its registered assigns, the principal sum of _____________ U.S. dollars ($ ____________), [or such greater or lesser principal sum as is shown on the
attached Schedule of Increases and Decreases in Global Security]*, on August 15, 2035 in such coin and currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment shall be legal tender
for the payment of public and private debts, and to pay interest thereon at an annual rate of 5.550% payable on February 15 and August 15 of each year, to the person in whose name this Security is registered at the close of business on the
record date for such interest, which shall be the preceding February 1 and August 1 (each, a Regular Record Date), respectively, payable commencing on August 15, 2025. 

* 

To be included in a Book-Entry Note. 

A-1-1 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Security set forth on the reverse
hereof. Such further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place. 

The statements in
the legends set forth in this Security are an integral part of the terms of this Security and by acceptance hereof the Holder of this Security agrees to be subject to, and bound by, the terms and provisions set forth in each such legend. 

This Security is issued in respect of a series of Debt Securities of an initial aggregate principal amount of $1,000,000,000 designated as the
5.550% Senior Notes due 2035 of the Issuer and is governed by the Indenture dated as of April 6, 2022 (the Base Indenture), duly executed and delivered by the Issuer, as Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto
(collectively, the Subsidiary Guarantors), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by the Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 27, 2025 (the
Tenth Supplemental Indenture, and together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), duly executed by the Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee. The terms of the Indenture are incorporated herein by
reference. This Security shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits as definitive Debt Securities under the Indenture. 

If and
to the extent any provision of the Indenture limits, qualifies or conflicts with any other provision of the Indenture that is required to be included in the Indenture or is deemed applicable to the Indenture by virtue of the provisions of the Trust
Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the TIA), such required provision shall control. 

This Security shall not be valid
or become obligatory for any purpose until the Trustees Certificate of Authentication hereon shall have been manually signed by the Trustee under the Indenture. 

A-1-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be duly executed. 

Dated: 

TARGA RESOURCES CORP.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION: 

This is one of the Debt Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL

ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

A-1-3 

[REVERSE OF SECURITY] 

TARGA RESOURCES CORP. 

5.550% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2035 

This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness of the Issuer (the Debt
Securities) of the series hereinafter specified, all issued or to be issued under and pursuant to the Indenture, to which Indenture reference is hereby made for a description of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and
immunities thereunder of the Trustee, the Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Holders of the Debt Securities. The Debt Securities may be issued in one or more series, which different series may be issued in various aggregate principal amounts,
may mature at different times, may bear interest (if any) at different rates, may be subject to different sinking, purchase or analogous funds (if any) and may otherwise vary as provided in the Indenture. This Security is one of a series designated
as the 5.550% Senior Notes due 2035 of the Issuer, in an initial aggregate principal amount of $1,000,000,000 (the Securities and each a Security). 

1. Interest. 

The Issuer promises to pay
interest on the principal amount of this Security at the rate of 5.550% per annum. 

The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually on
February 15 and August 15 of each year (each such date, an Interest Payment Date), commencing August 15, 2025. Interest on the Securities will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid, or, if
no interest has been paid on the Securities, from February 27, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months.
The Issuer shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy laws) on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace period) and on overdue principal and premium, if any,
from time to time on demand at the same rate per annum, in each case to the extent lawful. 

If any payment date with respect to the Notes
falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the payment will be made on the next Business Day, and no interest will accrue on the amount of interest due on that payment date for the period from and after the Interest Payment Date, maturity date, or
Redemption Date to the date of payment. 

2. Method of Payment. 

Except as provided in the Indenture, the Issuer shall pay interest on the Securities to the persons who are the registered Holders at the
close of business on the Regular Record Date immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date. The Issuer shall pay principal, premium, if any, and interest in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment shall be
legal tender for payment of public and private debts. Payments in respect of a Global Security (including principal, premium, if any, and interest) will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the accounts specified by the
Depositary. Payments in respect of Securities in definitive form (including principal, premium, if any, and interest) will be made 

A-1-4 

at the office or agency of the Issuer maintained for such purpose at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, or, at the option of the Issuer, payment of interest may be made by check mailed to
the Holders on the relevant record date at their addresses set forth in the register of Holders maintained by the Registrar or at the option of the Holder, payment of interest on Securities in definitive form will be made by wire transfer of
immediately available funds to any account maintained in the United States, provided such Holder has requested such method of payment and provided timely wire transfer instructions to the Paying Agent. The Holder must surrender this Security to a
Paying Agent to collect payment of principal. 

3. Paying Agent and Registrar. 

Initially, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association will act as Paying Agent and Registrar. The Issuer may change any Paying Agent or
Registrar at any time upon notice to the Trustee and the Holders. The Issuer may act as Paying Agent. 

4. Indenture. 

This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of Debt Securities of the Issuer issued and to be issued in one or more series under the
Indenture. 

Capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture unless otherwise defined herein. The terms of the Securities
include those stated in the Base Indenture, those made part of the Indenture by reference to the TIA, as in effect on the date of the Base Indenture, and those terms stated in the Tenth Supplemental Indenture. The Securities are subject to all such
terms, and Holders of Securities are referred to the Base Indenture, the Tenth Supplemental Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. The Securities of this series are general unsecured obligations of the Issuer initially issued in an aggregate
principal amount of $1,000,000,000; provided, however, that the authorized aggregate principal amount of such series may be increased from time to time as provided in the Tenth Supplemental Indenture. 

5. Optional Redemption. 

(a) Prior to the 2035 Notes Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem the Securities at its option, in whole or in part, at any time
and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of: 

(1) (A) the sum of the present values of the
remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the Redemption Date (assuming the Securities matured on the 2035 Notes Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day
year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points less (B) interest accrued to the Redemption Date; and 

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the Securities to be redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date. 

A-1-5 

(b) On or after the 2035 Notes Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem the
Securities, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Securities being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date. 

(c) The redemption prices set forth above are subject to the right of Holders on the relevant record date to receive interest
due on the relevant interest payment date. 

6. Mandatory Redemption.

The Issuer shall not be required to make mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with respect to the Securities or to repurchase them at
the option of the Holders. 

7. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange. 

The Securities are to be issued in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess
thereof. A Holder may register the transfer of, or exchange, Securities in accordance with the Indenture. The Registrar may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay any taxes and
fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. 

8. Person Deemed Owners. 

The registered Holder of a Security may be treated as the owner of it for all purposes. 

9. Amendment; Supplement; Waiver. 

Subject to certain exceptions, the Indenture may be amended or supplemented, and any existing Event of Default or compliance with any
provision may be waived, with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding notes of the affected series. Without consent of any Holder of a Security, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture
to, among other things, cure any ambiguity or omission, to correct any defect or inconsistency, or to make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of a Security. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this
Security (unless revoked as provided in the Indenture) shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders and owners of this Security and any Securities which may be issued in exchange or substitution herefor, regardless of
whether any notation thereof is made upon this Security or such other Securities. 

10. Defaults and Remedies. 

Certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency with respect to the Issuer are Events of Default that will result in the principal amount of the
Securities, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, becoming due and payable immediately upon the occurrence of such Events of Default. If any other Event of Default with respect to the Securities occurs and is continuing, then in
every such case the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Securities then outstanding may declare the principal amount of all the Securities, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, to be due
and payable 

A-1-6 

immediately in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, however, if at any time after such a declaration of acceleration has been made,
the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities, by written notice to the Trustee, may rescind such declaration and annul its consequences if the rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of
competent jurisdiction and if all existing Events of Default with respect to the Securities, other than the nonpayment of the principal, premium, if any, or interest which has become due solely by such declaration acceleration, shall have been cured
or shall have been waived. No such rescission shall affect any subsequent default or shall impair any right consequent thereon. Holders of Securities may not enforce the Indenture or the Securities except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee
may require indemnity or security satisfactory to it before it enforces the Indenture or the Securities. Subject to certain limitations, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities then outstanding may direct the Trustee in
its exercise of any trust or power. 

11. Trustee Dealings with Issuer. 

The Trustee under the Indenture, in its individual or any other capacity, may make loans to, accept deposits from, and perform services for
the Issuer or its Affiliates, and may otherwise deal with the Issuer or its Affiliates as if it were not the Trustee. 

12. Authentication. 

This Security shall not be valid until the Trustee signs the certificate of authentication on the other side of this Security. 

13. Abbreviations and Defined Terms. 

Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Security or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (tenant in common), TEN ENT
(tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (Custodian), and U/G/M/A (Uniform Gifts to Minors Act). 

14. CUSIP Numbers. 

Pursuant to a
recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Securities as a convenience to the Holders of the Securities. No representation is made as to the
accuracy of such number as printed on the Securities and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon. 

15. Absolute
Obligation. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Security or the Indenture shall alter or impair the
obligation of the Issuer, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on this Security in the manner, at the respective times, at the rate and in the coin or currency herein prescribed. 

A-1-7 

16. Governing Law. 

This Security shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York. 

17. Guarantee. 

The Securities are fully
and unconditionally guaranteed by the Subsidiary Guarantors as set forth in Article X of the Base Indenture. 

The Issuer shall furnish to
any Holder upon written request and without charge a copy of the Indenture. Requests may be made to: 

Targa Resources Corp. 

811 Louisiana St, Suite 2100 

Houston, Texas 77002 

Attn: Chief
Financial Officer 

A-1-8 

ABBREVIATIONS 

The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this instrument, shall be construed as though they were written out
in full according to applicable laws or regulations: 

TEN COM - as tenants in common UNIF GIFT MIN ACT - (Cust.)

TEN ENT - as tenants by entireties Custodian for: (Minor)

JT TEN - as joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in Under Uniform Gifts to Minors Act of common (State)

Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list. 

ASSIGNMENT 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the
undersigned hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto 

PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE 

PLEASE PRINT OR TYPE NAME AND ADDRESS INCLUDING POSTAL ZIP CODE OF ASSIGNEE: 

the within Security and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting and appointing to transfer said Security on the
books of the Issuer, with full power of substitution in the premises. 

Dated: 

Signature: 

A-1-9 

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES 

IN GLOBAL SECURITY* 

The following increases or decreases in this Global Security have been made: 

Date of

Exchange 

Amount of

Decrease in

Principal

Amount of
this

Global Security 

Amount of

Increase in

Principal

Amount of
this

Global Security 

Principal

Amount of this

Global Security

Following
Such

Decrease (or

Increase) 

Signature of

Authorized

Officer of

Trustee
or

Depositary

* 

To be included in a Book-Entry Note. 

A-1-10 

Exhibit A-2

FORM OF NOTE 

[FACE OF
SECURITY] 

[UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (DTC)
(55 WATER STREET, NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10041) TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS
WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.]* 

[TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR
SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO HEREIN.]* 

No. $

CUSIP: 87612GAN1

ISIN: US87612GAN16

TARGA RESOURCES CORP. 

6.125% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2055 

TARGA RESOURCES CORP., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer, which term includes any successor under the Indenture
hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to or its registered assigns, the principal sum of
U.S. dollars ($), [or such greater or lesser principal sum as is shown on the attached Schedule of Increases and
Decreases in Global Security]*, on May 15, 2055 in such coin and currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment shall be legal tender for the payment of public and private
debts, and to pay interest thereon at an annual rate of 6.125% payable on May 15 and November 15 of each year, to the person in whose name this Security is registered at the close of business on the record date for such interest, which
shall be the preceding May 1 and November 1 (each, a Regular Record Date), respectively, payable commencing on November 15, 2025. 

* 

To be included in a Book-Entry Note. 

A-2-1 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Security set forth on the reverse
hereof. Such further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place. 

The statements in
the legends set forth in this Security are an integral part of the terms of this Security and by acceptance hereof the Holder of this Security agrees to be subject to, and bound by, the terms and provisions set forth in each such legend. 

This Security is issued in respect of a series of Debt Securities of an initial aggregate principal amount of $1,000,000,000 designated as the
6.125% Senior Notes due 2055 of the Issuer and is governed by the Indenture dated as of April 6, 2022 (the Base Indenture), duly executed and delivered by the Issuer, as Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto
(collectively, the Subsidiary Guarantors), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by the Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 27, 2025 (the
Tenth Supplemental Indenture, and together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), duly executed by the Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee. The terms of the Indenture are incorporated herein by
reference. This Security shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits as definitive Debt Securities under the Indenture. 

If and
to the extent any provision of the Indenture limits, qualifies or conflicts with any other provision of the Indenture that is required to be included in the Indenture or is deemed applicable to the Indenture by virtue of the provisions of the Trust
Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the TIA), such required provision shall control. 

This Security shall not be valid
or become obligatory for any purpose until the Trustees Certificate of Authentication hereon shall have been manually signed by the Trustee under the Indenture. 

A-2-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be duly executed. 

Dated: 

TARGA RESOURCES CORP.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION: 

This is one of the Debt Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

A-2-3 

[REVERSE OF SECURITY] 

TARGA RESOURCES CORP. 

6.125% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2055 

This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness of the Issuer (the Debt
Securities) of the series hereinafter specified, all issued or to be issued under and pursuant to the Indenture, to which Indenture reference is hereby made for a description of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and
immunities thereunder of the Trustee, the Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Holders of the Debt Securities. The Debt Securities may be issued in one or more series, which different series may be issued in various aggregate principal amounts,
may mature at different times, may bear interest (if any) at different rates, may be subject to different sinking, purchase or analogous funds (if any) and may otherwise vary as provided in the Indenture. This Security is one of a series designated
as the 6.125% Senior Notes due 2055 of the Issuer, in an initial aggregate principal amount of $1,000,000,000 (the Securities and each a Security). 

1. Interest. 

The Issuer promises to pay
interest on the principal amount of this Security at the rate of 6.125% per annum. 

The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually on
May 15 and November 15 of each year (each such date, an Interest Payment Date), commencing November 15, 2025. Interest on the Securities will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid, or, if
no interest has been paid on the Securities, from February 27, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months.
The Issuer shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy laws) on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace period) and on overdue principal and premium, if any,
from time to time on demand at the same rate per annum, in each case to the extent lawful. 

If any payment date with respect to the Notes
falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the payment will be made on the next Business Day, and no interest will accrue on the amount of interest due on that payment date for the period from and after the Interest Payment Date, maturity date, or
Redemption Date to the date of payment. 

2. Method of Payment. 

Except as provided in the Indenture, the Issuer shall pay interest on the Securities to the persons who are the registered Holders at the
close of business on the Regular Record Date immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date. The Issuer shall pay principal, premium, if any, and interest in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment shall be
legal tender for payment of public and private debts. Payments in respect of a Global Security (including principal, premium, if any, and interest) will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the accounts specified by the
Depositary. Payments in respect of Securities in definitive form (including principal, premium, if any, and interest) will be made 

A-2-4 

at the office or agency of the Issuer maintained for such purpose at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, or, at the option of the Issuer, payment of interest may be made by check mailed to
the Holders on the relevant record date at their addresses set forth in the register of Holders maintained by the Registrar or at the option of the Holder, payment of interest on Securities in definitive form will be made by wire transfer of
immediately available funds to any account maintained in the United States, provided such Holder has requested such method of payment and provided timely wire transfer instructions to the Paying Agent. The Holder must surrender this Security to a
Paying Agent to collect payment of principal. 

3. Paying Agent and Registrar. 

Initially, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association will act as Paying Agent and Registrar. The Issuer may change any Paying Agent or
Registrar at any time upon notice to the Trustee and the Holders. The Issuer may act as Paying Agent. 

4. Indenture. 

This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of Debt Securities of the Issuer issued and to be issued in one or more series under the
Indenture. 

Capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture unless otherwise defined herein. The terms of the Securities
include those stated in the Base Indenture, those made part of the Indenture by reference to the TIA, as in effect on the date of the Base Indenture, and those terms stated in the Tenth Supplemental Indenture. The Securities are subject to all such
terms, and Holders of Securities are referred to the Base Indenture, the Tenth Supplemental Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. The Securities of this series are general unsecured obligations of the Issuer initially issued in an aggregate
principal amount of $1,000,000,000; provided, however, that the authorized aggregate principal amount of such series may be increased from time to time as provided in the Tenth Supplemental Indenture. 

5. Optional Redemption. 

(a) Prior to the 2055 Notes Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem the Securities at its option, in whole or in part, at any time
and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of: 

(1) (A) the sum of the present values of the
remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the Redemption Date (assuming the Securities matured on the 2055 Notes Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day
year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 25 basis points less (B) interest accrued to the Redemption Date; and 

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the Securities to be redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date. 

A-2-5 

(b) On or after the 2055 Notes Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem the
Securities, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Securities being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date. 

(c) The redemption prices set forth above are subject to the right of Holders on the relevant record date to receive interest
due on the relevant interest payment date. 

6. Mandatory Redemption.

The Issuer shall not be required to make mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with respect to the Securities or to repurchase them at
the option of the Holders. 

7. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange. 

The Securities are to be issued in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess
thereof. A Holder may register the transfer of, or exchange, Securities in accordance with the Indenture. The Registrar may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay any taxes and
fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. 

8. Person Deemed Owners. 

The registered Holder of a Security may be treated as the owner of it for all purposes. 

9. Amendment; Supplement; Waiver. 

Subject to certain exceptions, the Indenture may be amended or supplemented, and any existing Event of Default or compliance with any
provision may be waived, with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding notes of the affected series. Without consent of any Holder of a Security, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture
to, among other things, cure any ambiguity or omission, to correct any defect or inconsistency, or to make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of a Security. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this
Security (unless revoked as provided in the Indenture) shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders and owners of this Security and any Securities which may be issued in exchange or substitution herefor, regardless of
whether any notation thereof is made upon this Security or such other Securities. 

10. Defaults and Remedies. 

Certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency with respect to the Issuer are Events of Default that will result in the principal amount of the
Securities, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, becoming due and payable immediately upon the occurrence of such Events of Default. If any other Event of Default with respect to the Securities occurs and is continuing, then in
every such case the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Securities then outstanding may declare the principal amount of all the Securities, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, to be due
and payable 

A-2-6 

immediately in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, however, if at any time after such a declaration of acceleration has been made,
the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities, by written notice to the Trustee, may rescind such declaration and annul its consequences if the rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of
competent jurisdiction and if all existing Events of Default with respect to the Securities, other than the nonpayment of the principal, premium, if any, or interest which has become due solely by such declaration acceleration, shall have been cured
or shall have been waived. No such rescission shall affect any subsequent default or shall impair any right consequent thereon. Holders of Securities may not enforce the Indenture or the Securities except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee
may require indemnity or security satisfactory to it before it enforces the Indenture or the Securities. Subject to certain limitations, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities then outstanding may direct the Trustee in
its exercise of any trust or power. 

11. Trustee Dealings with Issuer. 

The Trustee under the Indenture, in its individual or any other capacity, may make loans to, accept deposits from, and perform services for
the Issuer or its Affiliates, and may otherwise deal with the Issuer or its Affiliates as if it were not the Trustee. 

12. Authentication. 

This Security shall not be valid until the Trustee signs the certificate of authentication on the other side of this Security. 

13. Abbreviations and Defined Terms. 

Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Security or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (tenant in common), TEN ENT
(tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (Custodian), and U/G/M/A (Uniform Gifts to Minors Act). 

14. CUSIP Numbers. 

Pursuant to a
recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Securities as a convenience to the Holders of the Securities. No representation is made as to the
accuracy of such number as printed on the Securities and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon. 

15. Absolute
Obligation. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Security or the Indenture shall alter or impair the
obligation of the Issuer, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on this Security in the manner, at the respective times, at the rate and in the coin or currency herein prescribed. 

A-2-7 

16. Governing Law. 

This Security shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York. 

17. Guarantee. 

The Securities are fully
and unconditionally guaranteed by the Subsidiary Guarantors as set forth in Article X of the Base Indenture. 

The Issuer shall furnish to
any Holder upon written request and without charge a copy of the Indenture. Requests may be made to: 

Targa Resources Corp. 

811 Louisiana St, Suite 2100 

Houston, Texas 77002 

Attn: Chief
Financial Officer 

A-2-8 

ABBREVIATIONS 

The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this instrument, shall be construed as though they were written out
in full according to applicable laws or regulations: 

TEN COM - as tenants in common UNIF GIFT MIN ACT - (Cust.)

TEN ENT - as tenants by entireties Custodian for: (Minor)

JT TEN - as joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in Under Uniform Gifts to Minors Act of common (State)

Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list. 

ASSIGNMENT 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the
undersigned hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto 

PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE 

PLEASE PRINT OR TYPE NAME AND ADDRESS INCLUDING POSTAL ZIP CODE OF ASSIGNEE: 

the within Security and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting and appointing to transfer said Security on the
books of the Issuer, with full power of substitution in the premises. 

Dated: 

Signature: 

A-2-9 

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES 

IN GLOBAL SECURITY* 

The following increases or decreases in this Global Security have been made: 

Date of

Exchange 

Amount of

Decrease in

Principal

Amount of
this

Global Security 

Amount of

Increase in

Principal

Amount of
this

Global Security 

Principal

Amount of this

Global Security

Following
Such

Decrease (or

Increase) 

Signature of

Authorized

Officer of

Trustee
or

Depositary

* 

To be included in a Book-Entry Note. 

A-2-10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d154736dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

February 27, 2025 

Targa Resources Corp. 

811 Louisiana Street, Suite 2100 

Houston, Texas 77002 

Re: 

Registration Statement No. 333-263730

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as counsel
to Targa Resources Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the subsidiary guarantors set forth on Schedule I hereto (the Subsidiary Guarantors) with respect to certain legal matters in
connection with the issuance by the Company of $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.550% Senior Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes), and of $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 6.125% Senior Notes due
2055 (the 2055 Notes, and, together with the 2035 Notes, the Notes) and the guarantee of the Notes (the Guarantee, and, together with the Notes, the
Securities) by the Subsidiary Guarantors, under the Indenture dated as of April 6, 2022 (the Base Indenture), by and among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by the Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 27, 2025, setting forth the terms of the Notes (the Tenth Supplemental
Indenture, and, together with the Base Indenture as so supplemented, the Indenture), and pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Act), which became automatically effective upon filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on March 21, 2022 (Registration No. 333-263730) (as may be amended and supplemented from time to time, the Registration Statement). This opinion is being furnished in connection with the requirements of Item
601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Act, and no opinion is expressed herein as to any matter pertaining to the contents of the Registration Statement or related prospectus, other than as expressly stated
herein with respect to the issuance of the Securities. 

As such counsel, we have examined such matters of fact and questions of law as we
have considered appropriate for purposes of this letter. With your consent, we have relied upon certificates and other assurances of officers of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors, as applicable, and others as to factual matters without
having independently verified such factual matters. We are opining herein as to (i) the internal laws of the State of New York and (ii) the Delaware General Corporation Law, the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act and the
Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (including, in each case, the applicable provisions of the Delaware Constitution and the reported judicial decisions interpreting such laws), and we express no opinion with respect to the applicability thereto,
or the effect thereon, of the laws of any other jurisdiction or, in the case of Delaware, any other laws, or as to any matters of municipal law or the laws of any local agencies within any state. 

Vinson & Elkins LLP Attorneys at Law

Austin Dallas Denver Dubai Dublin Houston London Los Angeles

New
York Richmond San Francisco Tokyo Washington 

845 Texas Avenue, Suite 4700

Houston, TX
77002

Tel +1.713.758.2222 Fax +1.713.758.2346 velaw.com

February 27, 2025 Page 2

Subject to the foregoing and the other matters set forth herein, it is our opinion that, as
of the date hereof, when the Securities have been duly executed, issued, and authenticated in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and delivered against payment therefor pursuant to the underwriting agreement, dated February 24, 2025,
among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and BofA Securities, Inc., MUFG Securities Americas Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein, the Securities will have
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Company and all necessary corporate, limited partnership or limited liability company action, as applicable, of the Subsidiary Guarantors, and will be legally valid and binding
obligations of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors, enforceable against the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors in accordance with their terms. 

Our opinion is subject to: 

(a)
the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, preference, fraudulent transfer, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors; 

(b) the effects of general principles of equity, whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law (including the possible unavailability
of specific performance or injunctive relief), concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith, fair dealing and the discretion of the court before which a proceeding is brought; 

(c) the invalidity under certain circumstances under law or court decisions of provisions for the indemnification of or contribution to a
party with respect to a liability where such indemnification or contribution is contrary to public policy; and 

(d) we express no opinion
with respect to (i) consents to, or restrictions upon, governing law, jurisdiction, venue, service of process, arbitration, remedies or judicial relief; (ii) advance waivers of claims, defenses, rights granted by law, or notice,
opportunity for hearing, evidentiary requirements, statutes of limitation, trial by jury or at law, or other procedural rights; (iii) waivers of rights or defenses contained in Section 4.05 of the Base Indenture and waivers of broadly or
vaguely stated rights; (iv) covenants not to compete; (v) provisions for exclusivity, election or cumulation of rights or remedies; (vi) provisions authorizing or validating conclusive or discretionary determinations;
(vii) grants of setoff rights; (viii) provisions to the effect that a guarantor is liable as a primary obligor, and not as a surety and provisions purporting to waive modifications of any guaranteed obligation to the extent such
modification constitutes a novation; (ix) provisions for the payment of attorneys fees where such payment is contrary to law or public policy; (x) proxies, powers and trusts; (xi) provisions prohibiting, restricting, or
requiring consent to assignment or transfer of any right or property; (xii) provisions for liquidated damages, default interest, late charges, monetary penalties, prepayment or make-whole premiums or other economic remedies to the extent such
provisions are deemed to constitute a penalty; (xiii) provisions permitting, upon acceleration of any indebtedness (including the Notes), collection of that portion of the stated principal amount thereof that might be determined to constitute
unearned interest thereon; and (xiv) the severability, if invalid, of provisions to the foregoing effect. 

With your consent, we have
assumed (a) that the Indenture and the Securities (collectively, the Documents) have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the parties thereto, other than the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors,
(b) that the Documents constitute legally valid and binding obligations of the parties thereto other than the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors, enforceable 

February 27, 2025 Page 3

against each of them in accordance with their respective terms, and (c) that the status of the Documents as legally valid and binding obligations of the parties is not affected by any
(i) breaches of, or defaults under, agreements or instruments, (ii) violations of statutes, rules, regulations or court or governmental orders, or (iii) failures to obtain required consents, approvals or authorizations from, or make
required registrations, declarations or filings with, governmental authorities. 

This opinion is for your benefit in connection with the
Registration Statement and may be relied upon by you and by persons entitled to rely upon it pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Act. We consent to your filing this opinion as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 27, 2025, and to the reference to our firm contained in the Registration Statement and related prospectus under the heading Legal. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit
that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.

Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.

Schedule I 

Targa Energy GP LLC

Targa Energy LP

Targa GP Inc.

Targa LP Inc.

Targa Resources Finance Corporation

Targa Resources GP LLC

Targa Resources LLC

Targa Resources Partners LP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>trgp-20250227.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>trgp-20250227_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>trgp-20250227_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g154736g0227090039102.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g154736g0227090039372.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 27, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001389170

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 27, 2025

Entity Registrant Name TARGA RESOURCES CORP.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-34991

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-3701075

Entity Address, Address Line One 811 Louisiana St

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 2100

Entity Address, City or Town Houston

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77002

City Area Code (713)

Local Phone Number 584-1000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common stock

Trading Symbol TRGP

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.targaresources.com//20250227/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d154736d8k.htm 
trgp-20250227.xsd 
trgp-20250227_lab.xml 
trgp-20250227_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-039300-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>d154736d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001389170 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

false 
0001389170 
8-K 
2025-02-27 
TARGA RESOURCES CORP. 
DE 
001-34991 
20-3701075 
811 Louisiana St 
Suite 2100 
Houston 
TX 
77002 
(713) 
584-1000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock 
TRGP 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>