<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-064715.txt : 20250327
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-064715.hdr.sgml : 20250327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250327080026
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-064715
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250327
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WOLFSPEED, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000895419
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				561572719
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0629

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40863
		FILM NUMBER:		25775375

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4600 SILICON DR
		CITY:			DURHAM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27703
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9194075300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4600 SILICON DR
		CITY:			DURHAM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27703-8475

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CREE, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190808

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CREE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CREE RESEARCH INC /NC/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940224
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d944887d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000089541900008954192025-03-272025-03-27

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): March 27, 2025

WOLFSPEED, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

North Carolina 001-40863 56-1572719

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) 

(Commission File

Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

4600 Silicon Drive 

DurhamNorth Carolina 27703

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(919)407-5300

Registrants telephone number, including area code

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.00125 par value WOLF New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensation Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

Appointment of Chief Executive Officer and Director 

On March 27, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of Wolfspeed, Inc. (the Company) appointed Robert Feurle to serve as the Companys Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board, effective May 1, 2025 (the Effective Date). 

Mr. Feurle will succeed Thomas Werner, who has been serving in an interim role as the Companys Executive Chair since November 2024. After a transition period, Mr. Werner will continue to serve as a non-employee director and Chairman of the Board. 

Mr. Feurle, age 54, has served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Business Unit Opto Semiconductors at ams-OSRAM AG (SIX: AMS), a light and sensor developer and producer / semiconductor manufacturer, and a member of the companys Executive Committee since March 2022. He also served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Business Unit Image Sensor Solutions at ams-OSRAM AG from July 2020 to March 2022. Mr. Feurle previously served as Vice President and General Manager of Integrated Solutions and Discretes at Infineon Technologies AG from November 2015 to June 2020. Prior to Infineon Technologies, he served as Vice President of Marketing and Program Management for the Compute and Networking Business at Micron Technology, Inc. (Nasdaq: MU) from April 2009 to November 2015. Earlier, he served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the DRAM Business Unit and then the Graphics DRAM Business Unit at Qimonda AG from December 2005 to March 2009. He also held various roles at Infineon Technologies from August 1999 to May 2005, including Director of Embedded DRAM Development and later Senior Director of the Specialty DRAM Product Line. He began his career at Siemens AG in 1996. Mr. Feurle holds a degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Applied Sciences in Konstanz, Germany. 

There was no arrangement or understanding between Mr. Feurle and any other person(s) pursuant to which he was selected to serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Mr. Feurle does not have any family relationships with any of the Companys executive officers or directors. Mr. Feurle is not a party to any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). 

Description of Compensation and Employment Terms with CEO 

Base Salary, Cash Incentive Compensation, and Other Benefits 

In connection with his appointment, the Company and Mr. Feurle entered into an employment agreement (the Employment Agreement) providing for an annual base salary of $750,000. Commencing in fiscal 2027, Mr. Feurle will be eligible to receive an annual performance bonus, with a target achievement of 100% of Mr. Feurles then-current base salary. Payment of any such annual performance bonus will be based on the achievement of performance goals to be established by the Board or the Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee) of the Board after consultation with Mr. Feurle at the start of each fiscal year. 

Mr. Feurle will receive a cash sign-on bonus (the Sign-on Bonus) in the aggregate amount of $1,000,000, to be paid in two equal installments, with the first installment to be paid on the first payroll date on or following the Effective Date and the second installment to be paid on the first payroll date on or after the six-month anniversary of the Effective Date. The Sign-on Bonus will be paid as an advance, and Mr. Feurle must remain continuously employed with the Company for one year following the Effective 

Date to earn the Sign-on Bonus. If Mr. Feurle terminates his employment with the Company for any reason or is terminated by the Company for Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement) within one year of the Effective Date, Mr. Feurle must immediately repay to the Company the full amount of the Sign-on Bonus. 

The Company will reimburse Mr. Feurle up to $200,000 for expenses incurred in connection with his relocation to the Durham, North Carolina area, grossed up for income and withholding taxes based on the marginal tax rate applicable to compensation disbursed at the time of payment. 

Mr. Feurle is also entitled to participate in certain benefit plans of the Company and to paid time-off and such other benefits in accordance with the Companys policy for similarly situated senior management, as well as to be reimbursed for all reasonable business expenses incurred in connection with his services to the Company. 

In connection with his appointment, Mr. Feurle will enter into the Companys standard form of indemnification agreement for directors and officers, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, dated October 25, 2010, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 29, 2010, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Long-Term Incentive 

As an inducement for Mr. Feurle to commence employment with the Company, the Company has agreed to grant the following equity awards to Mr. Feurle on, or as soon as administratively practicable after, the Effective Date: 

(i) 

an award of restricted stock units (RSUs) equal to $2,500,000 divided by the Reference Value (as defined below), with one-fourth of the RSUs vesting on each of the first four anniversaries of the Effective Date; and 

(ii) 

an option (the Option) to purchase the minimum number of shares of the Companys common stock necessary for the Option to have a Black-Scholes value equal to at least $2,500,000, calculated using the Reference Value and other variables consistent with the Companys financial reporting. The Option will vest and become exercisable as to one-fourth of the underlying shares of the Companys common stock on each of the first four anniversaries of the Effective Date. 

In addition, as a further inducement for Mr. Feurle to commence employment with the Company, the Company has agreed to grant the following equity awards to Mr. Feurle on or about August 1, 2025: 

(i) 

an award of RSUs equal to $2,000,000 divided by the Reference Value, with one-fourth of the RSUs vesting on each of the first four anniversaries of the date of grant; and 

(ii) 

an award of performance stock units (PSUs) equal to $3,000,000 divided by the Reference Value. The number of shares of common stock issuable upon the vesting of the PSUs will be determined using a pre-established formula tied to the achievement of relative total shareholder return targets set by the Board or the Compensation Committee for the Company compared to an index determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee, commencing on August 1, 2025 and ending on the earlier of July 31, 2028 or the consummation of a Change in Control (as defined in the Employment Agreement) on the same terms and conditions as PSU awards granted to other executives of the Company on or about August 1, 2025. 

Each of the equity awards described above will be subject to the terms of an inducement plan pursuant to which the RSUs, the Option, and the PSUs will be granted and an RSU, option, and PSU award agreement, respectively, to be entered into between Mr. Feurle and the Company. Reference 

Value as of any date shall mean the trailing 30 trading day average trading price per share of the Companys common stock as of such date. Mr. Feurle will be eligible for additional equity awards to be awarded in the discretion of the Board and/or the Compensation Committee. 

Termination 

The Employment Agreement sets forth the obligations of the Company and Mr. Feurle in connection with a termination of Mr. Feurles employment. 

Mr. Feurle will be an at-will employee. As such, his employment is not for any specified period of time and can be terminated by Mr. Feurle or by the Board at any time, with or without advance notice, and for any or no particular reason or cause. In connection with a termination of Mr. Feurles employment for any reason, Mr. Feurle shall be entitled to receive, within 10 days after the date his employment with the Company terminates, (i) any portion of his base salary earned and unpaid through the termination date, (ii) any expenses owed to Mr. Feurle, (iii) any accrued but unused vacation pay owed to Mr. Feurle and (iv) any amounts arising from Mr. Feurles participation in, or benefits under, any employee benefit plans, programs or arrangements, in each case pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the Employment Agreement. 

If Mr. Feurle is terminated without Cause or resigns for Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement) at any time other than during the period of time commencing three months prior to a Change in Control and ending 24 months following a Change in Control (a Change in Control Period), subject to execution by Mr. Feurle of a release of claims against the Company and its affiliates, then, in addition to any accrued obligations otherwise payable, Mr. Feurle will receive: (i) a lump sum cash payment equal to the sum of (A) 18 months of his annual base salary and (B) Mr. Feurles Target Bonus (as defined in the Employment Agreement), in each case, as in effect as of the date of termination, (ii) if applicable, contributions to COBRA coverage for a period through the earlier of (A) 18 months following the termination date and (B) the date Mr. Feurle becomes eligible for healthcare coverage under another employers plan(s), and (iii) in the event Mr. Feurle fulfills any post-termination consulting services requested by the Company, acceleration of vesting of each outstanding equity award that is scheduled to vest solely based upon Mr. Feurles continued services, in each case, with respect to that number of shares of the Companys common stock subject to such award that would have vested had Mr. Feurles employment continued for 18 months following the termination date. 

If Mr. Feurle is terminated without Cause or resigns for Good Reason during a Change in Control Period, subject to execution by Mr. Feurle of a release of claims against the Company and its affiliates, then, in addition to any accrued obligations otherwise payable, Mr. Feurle will receive: (i) a lump sum cash payment equal to the sum of (A) 24 months of his annual base salary and (B) two times Mr. Feurles Target Bonus assuming achievement of performance goals at target, in each case, as in effect as of the date of termination, (ii) if applicable, contributions to COBRA coverage for a period through the earlier of (A) 24 months following the termination date and (B) the date Mr. Feurle becomes eligible for healthcare coverage under another employers plan(s), and (iii) acceleration of vesting of each outstanding equity award, in each case, with respect to 100% of the then-unvested shares subject to such outstanding award effective as of immediately prior to such termination date. 

In the event amounts payable under the Employment Agreement or otherwise are contingent on a change in control for purposes of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and it is determined that any payment or benefit made or provided to Mr. Feurle would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, the payments to Mr. Feurle under the Employment Agreement will either be (i) paid in full or (ii) reduced to an amount that would not trigger the Section 280G-related excise tax, whichever results in him receiving the greater after tax payment. 

As a further condition of employment, Mr. Feurle must enter into and abide by the terms of the Companys standard form of employee agreement regarding confidential information, intellectual property, and noncompetition (the Confidential Information Agreement). Under the noncompetition provisions of the Confidential Information Agreement and subject to certain limited exceptions, Mr. Fuerle is restricted while employed by the Company and for a period of one year following the termination of his employment from (i) performing services for any competing business, whether as an employee, officer, director, consultant, agent, contractor or in any other capacity, (ii) being the beneficial owner of an equity interest in any competing business, (iii) requesting any customers or suppliers of the Company to curtail or cancel business with the Company, or (iv) inducing or attempting to influence any employee of the Company to terminate his or her employment with the Company. Competing business includes any entity that is conducting research directed to, developing, manufacturing, marketing, distributing, or selling any product, service, or technology that is competitive with any product, service, or technology that the Company is developing, manufacturing, marketing, distributing, selling, or conducting research directed to, at the time or during the period specified in the Confidential Information Agreement. 

The foregoing description of the Employment Agreement is not meant to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Employment Agreement, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

In addition, the Board appointed Glenda Dorchak as the Chair of the Governance and Nominations Committee and Marvin Riley as the Chair of the Compensation Committee, effective as of April 1, 2025. 

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On March 27, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the executive leadership change described in Item 5.02 above. A copy of the press release is furnished hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated into this Item 7.01 by reference. 

The information in this Item 7.01, including the accompanying Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Furthermore, the information in this Item 7.01 shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into the filings of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. Description of Exhibit

10.1 Employment Agreement, dated March 27, 2025, between Wolfspeed, Inc. and Robert Feurle

99.1 Press release dated March 27, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

WOLFSPEED, INC.

By: 

/s/ Melissa Garrett

Melissa Garrett

Senior Vice President and General Counsel

Date: March 27, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d944887dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

WOLFSPEED, INC. 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This
Employment Agreement (the Agreement) is made and entered into by and between Robert Feurle (Executive) and Wolfspeed, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company and, together with Executive,
the Parties), effective as of May 1, 2025 (the Effective Date). 

R E C I T A L S 

A. The Company desires to assure itself of the services of Executive by engaging Executive to perform services under the terms hereof. 

B. Executive desires to provide services to the Company on the terms herein provided. 

C. Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined in Section 11 below. 

In consideration of the foregoing, and for other good and valuable consideration, including the respective covenants and agreements set forth
below, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Employment.

(a) General. The Company shall employ Executive as a full-time employee of the Company effective as of the Effective Date for the
period and in the position set forth in this Section 1, and upon the other terms and conditions herein provided. 

(b) Position and
Duties. Commencing on the Effective Date, Executive shall serve as the Companys Chief Executive Officer and shall report directly to the Board in Executives capacities as Chief Executive Officer. Executive shall also serve in such
other capacity or capacities as the Board may from time to time prescribe. As a Company employee, Executive will be expected to comply with Company policies. Commencing as of the Effective Date, Executive shall be appointed to serve as a member of
the Board, and, at the end of Executives Board term, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause Executive to be reelected as a member of the Board. 

(c) Location. Executive shall perform services for the Company at the Companys offices located in Durham, North Carolina or, with
the Companys consent, at any other place in connection with the fulfillment of Executives role with the Company. The Company may from time to time require Executive to travel temporarily to other locations in connection with the
Companys business. 

(d) Exclusivity. Except with the prior written approval of the Board (which the Board may grant or
withhold in the Boards discretion), Executive shall devote all of Executives best efforts and full working time, attention, and energies to the business of the Company, except during any paid vacation or other excused absence periods.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive may, without violating this Section 1(d), (i) as a passive investment, own publicly traded 

securities in such form or manner as will not require any services by Executive in the operation of the entities in which such securities are owned; (ii) engage in charitable and civic
activities; or (iii) engage in other personal passive investment activities, in each case, to the extent such activities do not, individually or in the aggregate, interfere with or otherwise prevent the performance of Executives duties
and responsibilities hereunder. Executive may also serve as a member of the board of directors or board of advisors of another organization provided: (i) such organization is not a competitor of the Company; (ii) Executive receives prior
written approval from the Board; and (iii) such activities do not individually or in the aggregate interfere with the performance of Executives duties under this Agreement, violate the Companys standards of conduct then in effect,
or raise a conflict under the Companys conflict of interest policies. For the avoidance of doubt, the Board has approved Executives continued service with those organizations set forth in Exhibit A, such approval to continue until
the earlier to occur of (a) the Boards revocation of such approval in the Boards discretion, or (b) such time as such service interferes with the performance of Executives duties under this Agreement, violates the
Companys standards of conflict or raises a conflict under the Companys conflict of interest policies. 

2.
Compensation and Related Matters.

(a) Base Salary. Executives annual base salary (as may be increased from
time to time, the Base Salary) shall be $750,000, less payroll deductions and all required withholdings, payable in accordance with the Companys normal payroll practices. The Board or its compensation committee (the
Compensation Committee) shall review Executives Base Salary periodically and may increase, but not reduce, Executives Base Salary from time to time, in its discretion. 

(b) Annual Bonus. Commencing in fiscal year 2027, Executive will be eligible to receive an annual performance bonus (the
Annual Bonus), with a target achievement of one hundred percent (100%) of Executives then-current Base Salary (the Target Bonus). Any Annual Bonus amount payable shall be based on the achievement of
performance goals to be established by the Board or Compensation Committee after consultation with Executive at the start of each fiscal year. The Board or Compensation Committee shall review Executives Annual Bonus periodically. Any Annual
Bonus earned by Executive pursuant to this section shall be paid to Executive, less authorized deductions and required withholding obligations, within three months following the end of the fiscal year to which the bonus relates. 

(c) Equity Awards. As an inducement for Executive to commence employment with the Company, the Company shall grant the following equity
awards to Executive: 

(i) On, or as soon as administratively practicable after, the Effective Date, the Company will grant
Executive an award of that number of restricted stock units (the RSUs) calculated by dividing $2,500,000 by the Reference Value, and rounding down to the nearest RSU. Each RSU shall constitute the contingent right to be issued one
share of Company common stock upon vesting. The RSUs shall vest as to one-fourth of the total number of RSUs initially subject to the award on each of the first four anniversaries of the Effective Date,
subject to Executives continuous service to the Company through the applicable vesting date. The RSUs will be subject to the terms of the plan pursuant to which the RSUs are granted and an RSU agreement to be entered into between Executive and
the Company. 

-2- 

(ii) On, or as soon as administratively practicable after, the Effective
Date, the Company will grant Executive an option (the Option) to purchase the minimum number of shares of Company common stock necessary for the Option to have a Black-Scholes value equal to at least $2,500,000, calculated using
the Reference Value and other variables consistent with the Companys financial reporting. The Option shall vest and become exercisable as to one-fourth of the total number of shares of Company common
stock initially subject to the Option on each of the first four anniversaries of the Effective Date, subject to Executives continuous service to the Company through the applicable vesting date. The Option will be subject to the terms of the
plan pursuant to which the Option is granted and an option agreement to be entered into between Executive and the Company. 

(iii) On or about August 1, 2025, the Company will grant Executive an award of that number of restricted stock units (the
RSUs) calculated by dividing $2,000,000 by the Reference Value, and rounding down to the nearest RSU. Each RSU shall constitute the contingent right to be issued one share of Company common stock upon vesting. The RSUs shall vest
as to one-fourth of the total number of RSUs initially subject to the award on each of the first four anniversaries of the date of grant, subject to Executives continuous service to the Company through
the applicable vesting date. The RSUs will be subject to the terms of the plan pursuant to which the RSUs are granted and an RSU agreement to be entered into between Executive and the Company. 

(iv) On or about August 1, 2025, the Company will grant Executive an award of that number of performance stock units (the
PSUs) calculated by dividing $3,000,000 by the Reference Value, and rounding down to the nearest RSU. Each PSU shall constitute the contingent right to receive up to two shares of Company common stock. The number of shares
issuable upon vesting of each PSU shall be determined using a pre-established formula tied to the achievement of relative total shareholder return targets set by the Board or Compensation Committee for the
Company compared to an index determined by the Board or Compensation Committee commencing on August 1, 2025 and ending on the earlier of July 31, 2028 or the consummation of a Change in Control on the same terms and conditions as PSU
awards granted to other Company executives on or about August 1, 2025. The PSUs will otherwise be subject to the plan pursuant to which they are granted and a PSU agreement to be entered into between Executive and the Company. 

(v) Additional Equity Grants. Executive will be eligible for additional equity awards to be awarded in the discretion of
the Board and/or Compensation Committee following its review of peer group data. 

-3- 

(d) Sign-On Bonus. The Company will provide
Executive a sign-on bonus in the aggregate amount of $1,000,000 (the Sign-on Bonus), subject to all standard payroll taxes and applicable withholdings, to be
paid in two equal installments, with the first installment to be paid on the first payroll date on or following the Effective Date and the second installment to be paid on the first payroll date on or after the
six-month anniversary of the Effective Date. The Sign-on Payment will be paid to Executive as an advance, and to earn the Sign-On
Payment Executive must remain continuously employed with the Company for one year following the Effective Date. If Executive terminates his employment with the Company for any reason or is terminated by the Company for Cause within one year of the
Effective Date, Executive agrees to immediately repay the Company the full amount of the Sign-on Payment. 

(e) Relocation. The Company shall reimburse Executive up to $200,000 for expenses incurred by Executive in connection with
Executives relocation to the Durham, North Carolina area. Costs eligible for reimbursement include, but are not limited to, temporary housing, travel to the Durham, North Carolina area and relocation of household goods and other property. In
the event any such reimbursement is taxable to Executive, the Company shall pay Executive an additional amount such that after the payment of all taxes, including taxes due on such additional payments, Executive shall retain an amount equal to such
incurred expenses. For the avoidance of doubt, all payments under this Section 2(e) shall be subject to Section 9(c) hereof. 

(f) Vacation; Benefits. Executive shall be entitled to paid time-off and such other benefits in
accordance with Company policy for similarly situated senior management of the Company. 

(g) Business Expenses. The Company shall
reimburse Executive for all reasonable business expenses incurred in the conduct of Executives duties hereunder in accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement policies. 

3. Termination.

(a) At-Will Employment. The Company and Executive acknowledge that Executives employment
shall be at-will, as defined under applicable law. This means that it is not for any specified period of time and can be terminated by Executive or by the Board at any time, with or without advance
notice, and for any or no particular reason or cause. It also means that Executives job duties, title and responsibility and reporting level, work schedule, compensation and benefits, as well as the Companys personnel policies and
procedures, may be changed with prospective effect, with or without notice, at any time in the sole discretion of the Company, provided, that the Company acknowledges that any such change may give rise to Good Reason (as defined below). This at-will nature of Executives employment shall remain unchanged during Executives tenure as an employee and may not be changed, except in an express writing signed by Executive and a duly
authorized member of the Board. If Executives employment terminates for any reason, Executive shall not be entitled to any payments, benefits, damages, awards or compensation other than as provided by this Agreement. 

(b) Deemed Resignation. Upon termination of Executives employment for any reason, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from
all offices and directorships, if any, then held with the Company or any of its affiliates, and, at the Companys request, Executive shall execute such documents as are necessary or desirable to effectuate such resignations. 

-4- 

4. Obligations upon Termination of Employment.

(a) Executives Obligations. Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that all Personal Property (as defined below)
and equipment furnished to, or prepared by, Executive in the course of, or incident to, Executives employment, belongs to the Company and shall be promptly returned to the Company upon termination of Executives employment (and will not
be kept in Executives possession or delivered to anyone else), provided however that Executive may retain copies of any agreement Executive has executed with the Company and any document that reflects Executives compensation and benefits
from the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, Personal Property includes, without limitation, all books, manuals, records, reports, notes, contracts, lists, blueprints, and other documents, or materials, or copies thereof
(including computer files), keys, building card keys, company credit cards, telephone calling cards, computer hardware and software, cellular and portable telephone equipment, personal digital assistant (PDA) devices, and all other proprietary
information relating to the business of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates. Following termination, Executive shall not retain any written or other tangible material containing any proprietary information of the Company or its subsidiaries
or affiliates. In addition, Executive shall continue to be subject to the Confidential Information Agreement. The representations and warranties contained herein and Executives obligations under Subsection 4(a) and the Confidential Information
Agreement hereof shall survive the termination of Executives employment and the termination of this Agreement. 

(b) Payments of
Accrued Obligations upon Termination of Employment. Upon a termination of Executives employment for any reason, Executive (or Executives estate or legal representative, as applicable) shall be entitled to receive, within ten
(10) days after the date Executive terminates employment with the Company (or such earlier date as may be required by applicable law): (i) any portion of Executives Base Salary earned through Executives termination date not
theretofore paid, (ii) any expenses owed to Executive under Section 2(g) above, (iii) any accrued but unused vacation pay owed to Executive pursuant to Section 2(f) above, and (iv) any amount arising from Executives
participation in, or benefits under, any employee benefit plans, programs or arrangements under Section 2(f) above, which amounts shall be payable in accordance with the terms and conditions of such employee benefit plans, programs or
arrangements. 

(c) Severance Payments upon a Covered Termination Other Than During a Change in Control Period. If Executive
experiences a Covered Termination at any time other than during a Change in Control Period, and if Executive delivers to the Company a duly executed general release of claims against the Company and its affiliates in a form acceptable to the Company
(a Release of Claims) that becomes effective and irrevocable within sixty (60) days, or such shorter period of time specified by the Company, following such Covered Termination, then in addition to any accrued obligations
payable under Section 4(b) above, the Company shall provide Executive with the following: 

(i) Severance. Executive shall be
entitled to receive an amount equal to the sum of (A) eighteen (18) months of Executives annual Base Salary in effect as of Executives termination date (without giving effect to any reduction providing a basis for Good Reason) and
(B) Executives Target Bonus in effect as of Executives termination date (without giving effect to any reduction providing a basis for Good Reason), in each case, less applicable withholdings, and payable in a cash lump sum on the
first regular payroll date following the date Executives Release of Claims becomes effective and irrevocable. 

-5- 

(ii) Continued Healthcare. The Company shall notify Executive of any right to
continue group health plan coverage sponsored by the Company or an affiliate of the Company immediately prior to Executives date of termination pursuant to the provisions of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as
amended (COBRA). If Executive elects to receive such continued healthcare coverage, the Company shall directly pay, or, at Executives option, reimburse Executive for, the premium for Executive and Executives covered
dependents, less the amount of Executives monthly premium contributions for such coverage prior to termination, for the period (the COBRA Period) commencing on the first day of the first full calendar month following the
date the Release of Claims becomes effective and irrevocable through the earlier of (A) the last day of the eighteenth (18th) full calendar month following the date the Release of Claims
becomes effective and irrevocable and (B) the date Executive and Executives covered dependents, if any, become eligible for healthcare coverage under another employers plan(s); provided, however, that if (1) any
plan pursuant to which such benefits are provided is not, or ceases prior to the expiration of the continuation coverage period to be, exempt from the application of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
Code), under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(a)(5), (2) the Company is otherwise unable to continue to cover Executive or Executives dependents under its group health plans,
or (3) the Company cannot provide the benefit without violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then, in any such case, an amount equal to each remaining Company subsidy shall
thereafter be paid to Executive in substantially equal monthly installments over the COBRA Period (or remaining portion thereof). Executive agrees to notify the Company immediately if Executive becomes covered by a group health plan of a subsequent
employer. After the Company ceases to pay premiums pursuant to this Section4(c)(iii), Executive may, if eligible, elect to continue healthcare coverage at Executives expense in accordance the provisions of COBRA. 

(iii) Equity Awards. In the event Executive fulfills any post-termination consulting services requested by the Company, each
outstanding equity award held by Executive that is scheduled to vest solely based upon Executives continued services shall automatically become vested and, if applicable, exercisable and any forfeiture restrictions or rights of repurchase
thereon shall immediately lapse, in each case, with respect to that number of shares of Company common stock subject to such award that would have vested had Executives employment continued for eighteen (18) months immediately following
Executives termination date. 

(d) Severance Payments upon a Covered Termination During a Change in Control Period. If
Executive experiences a Covered Termination during a Change in Control Period, and if Executive executes a Release of Claims that becomes effective and irrevocable within sixty (60) days, or such shorter period of time specified by the Company,
following such Covered Termination, then in addition to any accrued obligations payable under Section 4(b) above, the Company shall provide Executive with the following: 

(i) Severance. Executive shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to the sum of (A) twenty-four (24) months of
Executives then-existing annual Base Salary plus (B) two (2) times Executives Target Bonus assuming achievement of performance goals at target, in each case, as in effect as of Executives termination date (without giving
effect to any reduction that would provide grounds to resign for Good Reason). Such amount will be subject to applicable withholdings and payable in a single lump sum cash payment on the first regular payroll date following the date the Release of
Claims becomes effective and irrevocable. 

-6- 

(ii) Continued Healthcare. The Company shall notify Executive of any right to
continue group health plan coverage sponsored by the Company or an affiliate of the Company immediately prior to Executives date of termination pursuant to the provisions of COBRA. If Executive elects to receive such continued healthcare
coverage, the Company shall directly pay, or, at Executives option, reimburse Executive for, the premium for Executive and Executives covered dependents for the period commencing on the first day of the first full calendar month
following the date the Release of Claims becomes effective and irrevocable through the earlier of (A) the last day of the twenty-fourth (24th) full calendar month anniversary following the
date Release of Claims becomes effective and irrevocable and (B) the date Executive and Executives covered dependents, if any, become eligible for healthcare coverage under another employers plan(s); provided, however,
that if (1) any plan pursuant to which such benefits are provided is not, or ceases prior to the expiration of the continuation coverage period to be, exempt from the application of Section 409A of Code under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(a)(5), (2) the Company is otherwise unable to continue to cover Executive or Executives dependents under its group health plans, or (3) the Company cannot provide the benefit without
violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then, in any such case, an amount equal to each remaining Company subsidy shall thereafter be paid to Executive in substantially equal
monthly installments over the COBRA Period (or remaining portion thereof). Executive agrees to notify the Company immediately if Executive becomes covered by a group health plan of a subsequent employer. After the Company ceases to pay premiums
pursuant to this Section4(d)(iii), Executive may, if eligible, elect to continue healthcare coverage at Executives expense in accordance the provisions of COBRA. 

(iii) Equity Awards. Each outstanding equity award, including, without limitation, each stock option, restricted stock unit and
restricted stock award, held by Executive shall automatically become vested and, if applicable, exercisable and any forfeiture restrictions or rights of repurchase thereon shall immediately lapse, in each case, with respect to one hundred percent
(100%) of the then-unvested shares subject to such outstanding award effective as of immediately prior to such termination date. 

(e)
No Other Severance. The provisions of this Section 4 shall supersede in their entirety any severance payment or other arrangement provided by the Company, including, without limitation, the Prior Agreement and any severance plan/policy
of the Company. 

(f) No Requirement to Mitigate; Survival. Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment
provided for under this Agreement by seeking other employment or in any other manner. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the termination of Executives employment shall not impair the rights or obligations of any party

(g) Certain Reductions. The Company shall reduce Executives severance benefits under this Agreement, in whole or in part, by
any other severance benefits, pay in lieu of notice, or other similar benefits payable to Executive by the Company in connection with Executives termination, including but not limited to payments or benefits pursuant to (i) any applicable
legal requirement, including, without limitation, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining 

-7- 

Notification Act, or (ii) any Company policy or practice providing for Executive to remain on the payroll without being in active service for a limited period of time after being given
notice of the termination of Executives employment. The benefits provided under this Agreement are intended to satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, any and all statutory obligations that may arise out of Executives termination of
employment. Such reductions shall be applied on a retroactive basis, with severance benefits previously paid being recharacterized as payments pursuant to any such statutory obligation of the Company. 

5. Limitation on Payments.

(a) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any payment or distribution Executive would receive pursuant to this
Agreement or otherwise (Payment) would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by
Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax), then the Company shall cause to be determined, before any amounts of the Payment are paid to Executive, which of the following alternative forms of payment would maximize
Executives after-tax proceeds: (A) payment in full of the entire amount of the Payment (a Full Payment), or (B) payment of only a part of the Payment so that Executive
receives that largest Payment possible without being subject to the Excise Tax (a Reduced Payment), whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax
(all computed at the highest marginal rate, net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained from a deduction of such state and local taxes), results in Executives receipt, on an
after-tax basis, of the greater amount of the Payment, notwithstanding that all or some portion the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. 

(b) If a Reduced Payment is made pursuant to this Section 5, (i) the Payment shall be paid only to the extent permitted under the Reduced
Payment alternative, and Executive shall have no rights to any additional payments and/or benefits constituting the Payment, and (ii) reduction in payments and/or benefits will occur in the following order: (1) reduction of cash payments;
(2) cancellation of accelerated vesting of equity awards other than stock options; (3) cancellation of accelerated vesting of stock options; and (4) reduction of other benefits payable to Executive. In the event that acceleration of
compensation from Executives equity awards is to be reduced, such acceleration of vesting shall be canceled in the reverse order of the date of grant. 

(c) The independent registered public accounting firm engaged by the Company as of the day prior to the effective date of the Change in
Control shall make all determinations required to be made under this Section 5. If the independent registered public accounting firm so engaged by the Company is serving as accountant or auditor for the individual, group or entity effecting the
Change in Control, the Company shall appoint a nationally recognized independent registered public accounting firm to make the determinations required hereunder. The Company shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such
independent registered public accounting firm required to be made hereunder. 

(d) The independent registered public accounting firm
engaged to make the determinations hereunder shall provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation, to the Company and Executive within thirty (30) calendar days after the date on which Executives right to a
Payment is triggered (if requested at that time by the Company or 

-8- 

Executive) or such other time as requested by the Company. If the independent registered public accounting firm determines that no Excise Tax is payable with respect to a Payment, either before
or after the application of the Reduced Amount, it shall furnish the Company and Executive with an opinion reasonably acceptable to Executive that no Excise Tax will be imposed with respect to such Payment. Any good faith determinations of the
accounting firm made hereunder shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Company and Executive. 

6. Successors.

(a) Companys Successors. Any successor to the Company (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation,
liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Companys business and/or assets shall assume the obligations under this Agreement and agree expressly to perform the obligations under this Agreement in the same manner and to the
same extent as the Company would be required to perform such obligations in the absence of a succession. For all purposes under this Agreement, the term Company shall include any successor to the Companys business and/or assets
which executes and delivers the assumption agreement described in this Section 6(a) or which becomes bound by the terms of this Agreement by operation of law. 

(b) Executives Successors. The terms of this Agreement and all rights of Executive hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and
be enforceable by, Executives personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. 

7. Notices. Notices and all other communications contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have
been duly given when personally delivered or one day following mailing via Federal Express or similar overnight courier service. In the case of Executive, mailed notices shall be addressed to Executive at Executives home address that the
Company has on file for Executive. In the case of the Company, mailed notices shall be addressed to its corporate headquarters, and all notices shall be directed to the attention of the General Counsel of the Company. 

8. Dispute Resolution. To ensure the timely and economical resolution of disputes that arise in connection with this Agreement,
Executive and the Company agree that any and all disputes, claims, or causes of action arising from or relating to the enforcement, breach, performance or interpretation of this Agreement, Executives employment, or the termination of
Executives employment, shall be resolved to the fullest extent permitted by law by final, binding and confidential arbitration in Durham County, North Carolina through Judicial Arbitration & Mediation Services
(JAMS) in conformity with the then-existing JAMS employment arbitration rules and California law. A copy of the current JAMS employment arbitration rules can be found at https://www.jamsadr.com/rules-employment-arbitration/By agreeing to this arbitration procedure, both Executive and the Company waive the right to resolve any such dispute through a trial by jury or judge or administrative proceeding. The arbitrator shall: (a) have the authority to compel
adequate discovery for the resolution of the dispute and to award such relief as would otherwise be permitted by law; and (b) issue a written arbitration decision, to include the arbitrators essential findings and conclusions and a
statement of the award. The Company shall pay all JAMSs arbitration fees in excess of the amount of court fees that would be 

-9- 

required if the dispute were decided in a court of law. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to prevent either Executive or the Company from obtaining injunctive relief in court to prevent
irreparable harm pending the conclusion of any such arbitration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive and the Company each have the right to resolve any issue or dispute over intellectual property rights by Court action instead of arbitration.

9. Section 409A. The intent of the parties is that the payments and benefits under this Agreement comply
with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and the Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the
Effective Date, (Section 409A) and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted to be in compliance therewith. If the Company determines that any provision of this Agreement
would cause Executive to incur any additional tax or interest under Section 409A (with specificity as to the reason therefor), the Company and Executive shall take commercially reasonable efforts to reform such provision to try to comply with
or be exempt from Section 409A through good faith modifications to the minimum extent reasonably appropriate to conform with Section 409A, provided that any such modifications shall not increase the cost or liability to the Company.
To the extent that any provision hereof is modified in order to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A, such modification shall be made in good faith and shall, to the maximum extent reasonably possible, maintain the original intent and
economic benefit to Executive and the Company of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of Section 409A. 

(a)
Separation from Service. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, no amount deemed deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code shall be payable pursuant to Section 4 unless Executives
termination of employment constitutes a separation from service with the Company within the meaning of Section 409A (Separation from Service) and, except as provided under Section 9(b) of this Agreement, any
such amount shall not be paid, or in the case of installments, commence payment, until the sixtieth (60th) day following Executives Separation from Service. Any installment payments that
would have been made to Executive during the sixty (60) day period immediately following Executives Separation from Service but for the preceding sentence shall be paid to Executive on the sixtieth (60th) day following Executives Separation from Service and the remaining payments shall be made as provided in this Agreement. 

(b) Specified Employee. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, if Executive is deemed at the time of
Executives Separation from Service to be a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, to the extent delayed commencement of any portion of the benefits to which Executive is entitled under this
Agreement is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such portion of Executives benefits shall not be provided to Executive prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration of the
six (6)-month period measured from the date of Executives Separation from Service or (ii) the date of Executives death. Upon the first day of the seventh (7th) month following the
date of the Executives Separation from Service, all payments deferred pursuant to this Section 9(b) shall be paid in a lump sum to Executive, and any remaining payments due under this Agreement shall be paid as otherwise provided herein.

-10- 

(c) Expense Reimbursements. To the extent that any reimbursements payable pursuant to
this Agreement are subject to the provisions of Section 409A, any such reimbursements payable to Executive pursuant to this Agreement shall be paid to Executive no later than December 31 of the year following the year in which the expense
was incurred, the amount of expenses reimbursed in one year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent year, and Executives right to reimbursement under this Agreement will not be subject to liquidation or
exchange for another benefit. 

(d) Installments. For purposes of Section 409A (including, without limitation, for purposes of
Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii)), Executives right to receive any installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate payments and,
accordingly, each such installment payment shall at all times be considered a separate and distinct payment. 

10. Miscellaneous
Provisions.

(a) Work Eligibility; Confidentiality Agreement. As a condition of Executives employment with the
Company, Executive will be required to provide evidence of Executives identity and eligibility for employment in the United States and satisfy background, employment and reference checks; and, in the event Executive fails to satisfy such
condition, this Agreement shall be deemed void ab initio and of no further force or effect. It is required that Executive brings the appropriate documentation with Executive at the time of employment. As a further condition of
Executives employment with the Company, Executive shall enter into and abide by the Companys Employee Agreement Regarding Confidential Information, Intellectual Property, and Noncompetition (the Confidential Information
Agreement). 

(b) Withholdings and Offsets. The Company shall be entitled to withhold from any amounts payable under this
Agreement any federal, state, local or foreign withholding or other taxes or charges which the Company is required to withhold. The Company shall be entitled to rely on an opinion of counsel if any questions as to the amount or requirement of
withholding shall arise. If Executive is indebted to the Company at Executives termination date, the Company reserves the right to offset any severance payments under this Agreement by the amount of such indebtedness. 

(c) Whistleblower Protections and Trade Secrets. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the Confidential
Information Agreement, nothing in this Agreement or the Confidential Information Agreement prohibits Executive from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any United States governmental agency or entity in accordance with the
provisions of and rules promulgated under Section 21F of the Exchange Act or Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or any other whistleblower protection provisions of state or federal law or regulation (including but not limited
to the right to receive an award for information provided to any such government agencies). Furthermore, in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1833, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or the Confidential Information Agreement:
(i) Executive shall not be in breach of this Agreement or the Confidential Information Agreement, and shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law (x) for the disclosure of a trade secret that
is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting 

-11- 

or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (y) for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such
filing is made under seal; and (ii) if Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, Executive may disclose the trade secret to Executives attorney, and may use the trade secret
information in the court proceeding, if Executive files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 

(d) Waiver. No provision of this Agreement shall be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is
agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than Executive). No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party shall
be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time. 

(e) Whole
Agreement. This Agreement and the Confidential Information Agreement represent the entire understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior arrangements and understandings regarding same,
including, without limitation, any severance plan of the Company or the Executives Offer Letter with the Company. 

(f)
Amendment. This Agreement cannot be amended or modified except by a written agreement signed by Executive and an authorized member of the Company. 

(g) Choice of Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the
State of North Carolina. 

(h) Severability. The finding by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator of the unenforceability,
invalidity or illegality of any provision of this Agreement shall not render any other provision of this Agreement unenforceable, invalid or illegal. Such court or arbitrator shall have the authority to modify or replace the invalid or unenforceable
term or provision with a valid and enforceable term or provision which most accurately represents the intention of the parties hereto with respect to the invalid or unenforceable term or provision. 

(i) Interpretation; Construction. The headings set forth in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be used
in interpreting this Agreement. This Agreement has been drafted by legal counsel representing the Company, but Executive has been encouraged to consult with, and has consulted with, Executives own independent counsel and tax advisors with
respect to the terms of this Agreement. The parties hereto acknowledge that each party hereto and its counsel has reviewed and revised, or had an opportunity to review and revise, this Agreement, and any rule of construction to the effect that any
ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement. 

(j)
Representations; Warranties. Executive represents and warrants that Executive is not restricted or prohibited, contractually or otherwise, from entering into and performing each of the terms and covenants contained in this Agreement, and that
Executives execution and performance of this Agreement will not violate or breach any other agreements between Executive and any other person or entity and that Executive has not engaged in any act or omission that could be reasonably expected
to result in or lead to an event constituting Cause for purposes of this Agreement. 

-12- 

(k) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 

11. Definition of Terms. The
following terms referred to in this Agreement shall have the following meanings: 

(a) Act. Act means the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as now in effect or as hereafter amended. 

(b) Board. The Board means the
Companys board of directors. 

(c) Business Unit. Business Unit means a subsidiary or a business division
or business segment of the Company. 

(d) Cause. Cause means (i) Executives willful and continued
failure to substantially perform the reasonable and lawful duties and responsibilities of Executives position that is not corrected after one written warning detailing the concerns and offering Executive a reasonable period of time to cure;
(ii) any material and willful violation of any federal or state law by Executive in connection with Executives responsibilities as an employee of the Company; (iii) any act of personal dishonesty taken by Executive in connection with
Executives responsibilities as an employee of the Company with the intention or reasonable expectation that such may result in personal enrichment of Executive; (iv) Executives conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to, or
grant of prayer of judgment continued with respect to, a felony that the Board reasonably believes has had or will have a material detrimental effect on the Companys reputation or business; or (v) Executive materially breaching
Executives Confidential Information Agreement, which breach is (if capable of cure in the reasonable and good faith judgment of the Board) not cured within thirty (30) days after the Company delivers written notice to Executive of the
breach. 

(e) Change in Control. Change in Control means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series
of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: 

(i) Any Person as defined in Section 3(a)(9) of the
Act, including a group (as that term is used in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Act), but excluding the Cree Entities and any employee benefit plan sponsored or maintained by the Cree Entities (including any trustee of such plan
acting as trustee), who together with its affiliates and associates (as those terms are defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Act) becomes the Beneficial Owner (within the meaning
of Rule 13d-3 under the Act) of more than 50% of the then-outstanding shares of common stock of the Company or the combined voting power of the then-outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote
generally in the election of its directors. For purposes of calculating the number of shares or voting power held by such Person and its affiliates and associates under this clause (i), there shall be excluded any securities acquired by such Person
or its affiliates or associates directly from the Company and its affiliates. 

-13- 

(ii) A sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Companys assets
is consummated, other than such a sale or disposition that would not have constituted a Change in Control under clause (iv) below had it been structured as a merger or consolidation. 

(iii) The stockholders of the Company approve a definitive agreement or plan to liquidate the Company. 

(iv) A merger or consolidation of the Company with and into another entity is consummated, unless immediately following such transaction
(1) more than 50% of the members of the governing body of the surviving entity were Incumbent Directors (as defined in clause (v) below) at the time of execution of the initial agreement providing for such transaction, (2) no
Person (as defined in clause (i) above), together with its affiliates and associates (as defined in clause(i) above), is the Beneficial Owner (as defined in clause (i) above), directly or
indirectly, of more than 50% of the then-outstanding equity interests of the surviving entity or the combined voting power of the then-outstanding equity interests of the surviving entity entitled to vote generally in the election of members of its
governing body, and (3) more than 50% of the then-outstanding equity interests of the surviving entity and the combined voting power of the then-outstanding equity interests of the surviving entity entitled to vote generally in the election of
members of its governing body is Beneficially Owned, directly or indirectly, by all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of the shares of common stock of the Company immediately
prior to such transaction in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such transaction. 

(v) During any
period of 24 consecutive months after the Effective Date, the individuals who, at the beginning of such period, constitute the Board (the Incumbent Directors) cease for any reason other than death to constitute at least a majority
thereof; provided, however, that a director who was not a director at the beginning of such 24 month period shall be deemed to have satisfied such 24 month requirement, and be an Incumbent Director, if such director was elected by, or on the
recommendation of or with the approval of, at least two-thirds of the directors who then qualified as Incumbent Directors either actually, because they were directors at the beginning of such 24 month period,
or by prior operation of this clause (v), but excluding for this purpose any such individual whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election context subject to Rule
14a-11 of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Act or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person (as defined in clause (i) above) other than the
Board. 

(vi) The sale, transfer or other disposition of a substantial portion of the stock or assets of the Company, or of a Business
Unit or a similar transaction as the Board, in each case, in its sole discretion, may determine to be a Change in Control; provided, however, that the term Change in Control shall not include (i) a transaction the sole purpose of
which is to change the state of the Companys incorporation; or (ii) the initial public offering of the stock of a Business Unit of the Company, and any subsequent sell down of the stock of the Business Unit by the Company. 

-14- 

(f) Change in Control Period. Change in Control Period means the
period of time commencing three (3) months prior to a Change in Control and ending twenty-four (24) months following the Change in Control. 

(g) Covered Termination. Covered Termination shall mean the termination of Executives employment by the
Company other than for Cause or by Executive for Good Reason. 

(h) Good Reason. Good Reason means the occurrence
of any of the following, without Executives consent and not due to Cause: (i) a material reduction in Executives authority, duties or responsibilities, including removal from, or a failure to elect Executive to, the Board;
(ii) a material reduction in Executives Base Salary or Target Bonus, other than a one-time reduction in either case that also is applied to substantially all other executive officers of the Company,
provided that Executives reduction is substantially proportionate to the reduction applied to substantially all other executive officers; (iii) the Company requiring Executive to report to anyone other than the Board; or (iv) the
Company requiring Executive to relocate Executives principal place of business or the Company relocating its headquarters, in either case to a facility or location outside of a thirty-five (35) mile radius (or such longer distance that is
the minimum permissible distance under the circumstances for purposes of the involuntary separation from service standards under the Treasury Regulations or other guidance under Section 409A of the Code) from Executives current principal
place of employment; provided, however, that Executive will only have Good Reason if he provides notice to the Board of Directors of the existence of the event or circumstances constituting Good Reason specified in any of the preceding clauses
within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of such event or circumstances and if such event or circumstances is not cured within thirty (30) days after Executive gives such written notice. If Executive initiates a resignation for
Good Reason, the actual termination of employment must occur within thirty (30) days after expiration of the cure period. Executives failure to timely give notice of the occurrence of a specific event that would otherwise constitute Good
Reason will not constitute a waiver of Executives right to give notice of any new subsequent event that would constitute Good Reason that occurs after such prior event (regardless of whether the new subsequent event is of the same or different
nature as the preceding event). Executives actions approving in writing (or by such other means as is reliable and verifiable) any change, reduction, requirement or occurrence (that otherwise may be considered Good Reason) in Executives
role as an officer of the Company will be considered consent for the purposes of this Good Reason definition. 

(i) Reference Value.
Reference Value as of any date shall mean the trailing 30 trading day average trading price per share of the Companys common stock as of such date. 

(Signature page follows) 

-15- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the case of the
Company by its duly authorized officer, as of the day and year set forth below. 

WOLFSPEED, INC.

By: /s/ Thomas H. Werner

Title: Executive Chairman

Date: March 27, 2025

EXECUTIVE

/s/ Robert Feurle

Name: Robert Feurle

Date: 

March 7, 2025

Signature Page to Employment Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d944887dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Wolfspeed, Inc. Appoints Semiconductor Industry Veteran Robert Feurle as Chief Executive Officer and Board Member 

Feurle Takes the Helm at Global Silicon Carbide Leader on May 1, 2025, to Drive Operational Excellence and Accelerate Profitability

Proven Executive has Led Large, High-Stakes Business Units for Multiple High Profile Semiconductor Companies 

Appointment Advances Wolfspeeds Strategic Vision and Long-Term Value Creation 

DURHAM, N.C., March 27, 2025 Wolfspeed, Inc. (NYSE: WOLF), the global leader in silicon carbide technology, today announced
the appointment of Robert Feurle as Chief Executive Officer (CEO), effective May 1, 2025, following a comprehensive internal and external search by the Board of Directors. Feurle succeeds Thomas Werner, who is serving as interim Executive
Chairman and will return as Chairman of the Board following the transition. 

Feurle brings more than 20 years leading global organizations that develop
the most advanced power semiconductor solutions in automotive and other high voltage applications, including both silicon and silicon carbide. A citizen of both the United States and Germany, Feurle will be returning to the United States where he
previously spent a decade in executive roles at Micron Technology and will be relocating to the Companys headquarters in Durham, North Carolina, where he will work closely with Werner to ensure a smooth transition. 

Most recently, he served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Opto Semiconductors Business Unit at ams-OSRAM AG, where he was responsible
for managing more than 10,000 employees in sites and factories around the world. There, he expanded market share and accelerated the introduction of cutting-edge LED and Laser products into automotive and new advanced LED applications. Previously,
at Infineon Technologies, Micron Technology, Qimonda, and Siemens, Feurle successfully managed strategic initiatives that enhanced competitiveness and increased revenue growth in challenging global markets. 

We are excited to welcome Robert to Wolfspeed to lead the Company into its next chapter. With a history of delivering significant operational
enhancements and profitability improvements, and deep industry expertise, we are confident that Robert is the right individual to take the helm during this stage in the Companys lifecycle. His history of driving success and operational
excellence in each of his previous roles is a significant contributor to our decision to appoint him as CEO. The Board and I look forward to working closely with Robert to successfully navigate near-term market dynamics and ultimately position the
Company for long-term value creation, said Thomas Werner, Executive Chairman. 

I am grateful for the opportunity to lead Wolfspeed during such
a transformative period. During my tenure at Infineon, I became intimately familiar with the silicon carbide industry and saw firsthand Wolfspeeds impressive leadership in the space. I believe we have just begun to scratch the surface of the
vast potential of silicon carbide. Wolfspeeds world-class facilities, exceptional talent, and robust intellectual property, position us to maintain and expand our market leadership, said Feurle. 

Throughout his career, Feurle has consistently driven successful growth strategies, innovative product development, and market expansion initiatives. At
ams-OSRAM, Feurle significantly enhanced the market presence of the Opto Semiconductors division through accelerated innovation in advanced compound semiconductor solutions. 

Previously at Infineon Technologies, he strategically expanded market opportunities by spearheading new product introductions in the field of IGBT and silicon
carbide technologies and leading a global business unit focused on competitive differentiation and profitable growth. He was also part of the team at Infineon supporting the proposed acquisition of the Wolfspeed operations in 2016. His deep
experience in market-driven technology innovation and strategic business scaling makes him uniquely suited to advance Wolfspeeds global leadership in silicon carbide technology. 

Feurle joins the company as it continues to focus on improving financial performance and accelerating its
path to generate positive free cash flow, take aggressive steps to strengthen its balance sheet and raise cost-effective capital required to support its long-term growth plan. 

With all of the Companys competitive advantages I feel very confident that we will be able to work through this transformative period to refresh
the operating plan, improve financial performance and accelerate our path to positive free cash flow. Feurle continued, I look forward to working closely with the Board and our talented team to deliver exceptional value to all of our
stakeholders. 

About Robert Feurle 

Robert
Feurle is a semiconductor industry veteran, bringing more than 20 years of experience in driving operational excellence and financial strength. Prior to his appointment as Wolfspeeds CEO, Feurles recent experience includes serving as
Executive Vice President of the Opto Semiconductor business unit at ams-OSRAM AG (SIX: AMS) and Vice President and General Manager of Integrated Solutions and Discretes at Infineon Technologies AG (FSE: IFX / OTCQX: IFNNY). He also held various
leadership and operational roles at Micron Technology, Inc. (Nasdaq: MU), Qimonda AG and Siemens AG. 

Feurle holds a degree in Electrical Engineering from
the University of Applied Sciences in Konstanz, Germany. 

About Wolfspeed, Inc. 

Wolfspeed (NYSE: WOLF) leads the market in the worldwide adoption of silicon carbide technologies that power the worlds most disruptive innovations. As
the pioneers of silicon carbide, and creators of the most advanced semiconductor technology on earth, we are committed to powering a better world for everyone. Through silicon carbide material, Power Modules, Discrete Power Devices and Power Die
Products targeted for various applications, we will bring you The Power to Make It Real.TM Learn more at www.wolfspeed.com.

X (formerly Twitter): @Wolfspeed

LinkedIn:
@Wolfspeed

Wolfspeed is a registered trademark and The Power to Make It Real is a trademark of Wolfspeed, Inc. 

Forward Looking Statements: 

This press release contains forward-looking statements involving risks and uncertainties, both known and unknown, that may cause Wolfspeeds actual
results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain, such as statements about our strategic plans and priorities,
including our plans to improve financial performance and create long-term value, and our ability to generate positive free cash flow, optimize our capital structure, access funding, and achieve profitability. Actual results could differ materially
due to a number of factors, including but not limited to, ongoing uncertainty in global economic and geopolitical conditions, such as the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the ongoing conflicts in the Middle East, changes in
progress on infrastructure development or changes in customer or industrial demand that could negatively affect product demand, including as a result of an economic slowdown or recession, collectability of receivables and other related matters if
consumers and businesses defer purchases or payments, or default on payments; risks associated with our expansion plans, including design and construction delays, cost overruns, the timing and amount of government incentives actually received,
including, among other things, any direct grants and tax credits, issues in installing and qualifying new equipment and ramping production, poor production process yields 

and quality control, and potential increases to our restructuring costs; our ability to obtain additional funding, including, among other things, from government funding, public or private equity
offerings, or debt financings, on favorable terms and on a timely basis, if at all; our ability to take certain actions with respect to our capital and debt structure, including issuing the full amount of senior notes under our agreements with our
lenders and restructuring or refinancing our convertible notes; the risk that we do not meet our production commitments to those customers who provide us with capacity reservation deposits or similar payments; the risk that we may experience
production difficulties that preclude us from shipping sufficient quantities to meet customer orders or that result in higher production costs, lower yields and lower margins; our ability to lower costs; the risk that our results will suffer if we
are unable to balance fluctuations in customer demand and capacity, including bringing on additional capacity on a timely basis to meet customer demand or scaling back our manufacturing expenses or overhead costs quickly enough to correspond to
lower than expected demand; the risk that longer manufacturing lead times may cause customers to fulfill their orders with a competitors products instead; product mix; risks associated with the ramp-up
of production of our new products, and our entry into new business channels different from those in which we have historically operated; our ability to convert customer design-ins to design-wins and sales of
significant volume, and, if customer design-in activity does result in such sales, when such sales will ultimately occur and what the amount of such sales will be; the risk that the markets for our products
will not develop as we expect, including the adoption of our products by electric vehicle manufacturers and the overall adoption of electric vehicles; the risk that the economic and political uncertainty caused by the tariffs imposed by the United
States on Chinese goods, and corresponding Chinese tariffs and currency devaluation in response, may continue to negatively impact demand for our products; the risk that we or our channel partners are not able to develop and expand customer bases
and accurately anticipate demand from end customers, including production and product mix, which can result in increased inventory and reduced orders as we experience wide fluctuations in supply and demand; risks related to international sales and
purchases; risks resulting from the concentration of our business among few customers, including the risk that customers may reduce or cancel orders or fail to honor purchase commitments; the risk that our investments may experience periods of
significant market value and interest rate volatility causing us to recognize fair value losses on our investment; the risk posed by managing an increasingly complex supply chain (including managing the impacts of supply constraints in the
semiconductor industry and meeting purchase commitments under take-or-pay arrangements with certain suppliers) that has the ability to supply a sufficient quantity of
raw materials, subsystems and finished products with the required specifications and quality; risks relating to outbreaks of infectious diseases or similar public health events, including the risk of disruptions to our operations, supply chain,
including our contract manufacturers, or customer demand; the risk we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings if our remaining goodwill or amortizable assets become impaired; risks relating to confidential information theft or
misuse, including through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusion; our ability to complete development and commercialization of products under development; the rapid development of new technology and competing products that may impair demand or render our
products obsolete; the potential lack of customer acceptance for our products; risks associated with ongoing litigation; the risk that customers do not maintain their favorable perception of our brand and products, resulting in lower demand for our
products; the risk that our products fail to perform or fail to meet customer requirements or expectations, resulting in significant additional costs; risks associated with strategic transactions; the risk that we are not able to successfully
execute or achieve the potential benefits of our efforts to enhance our value; and other factors discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including our report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. These forward-looking statements represent Wolfspeeds judgment as of the date of this release. Except as required under the United States federal
securities laws and the rules and regulations of the SEC, Wolfspeed disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this release, whether as a result of new information, future events, developments,
changes in assumptions or otherwise. 

Investor Relations: 

Tyler Gronbach 

Wolfspeed, Inc. 

Vice President of External Affairs 

Phone: 919-407-4820

investorrelations@wolfspeed.com 

Media Relations: 

Bridget Johnson 

Head of Corporate Marketing and Communications

Phone: 919-407-6651

media@wolfspeed.com

Source: Wolfspeed, Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>wolf-20250327.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>wolf-20250327_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>wolf-20250327_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 27, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000895419

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 27, 2025

Entity Registrant Name WOLFSPEED, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code NC

Entity File Number 001-40863

Entity Tax Identification Number 56-1572719

Entity Address, Address Line One 4600 Silicon Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Durham

Entity Address, State or Province NC

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 27703

City Area Code (919)

Local Phone Number 407-5300

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.00125 par value

Trading Symbol WOLF

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://imetrix.edgar-online.com//20250327/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d944887d8k.htm 
wolf-20250327.xsd 
wolf-20250327_lab.xml 
wolf-20250327_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-064715-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d944887d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000895419 

2025-03-27 
2025-03-27 

false 
0000895419 
8-K 
2025-03-27 
WOLFSPEED, INC. 
NC 
001-40863 
56-1572719 
4600 Silicon Drive 
Durham 
NC 
27703 
(919) 
407-5300 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.00125 par value 
WOLF 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>