<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001171843-25-000011.txt : 20250102
<SEC-HEADER>0001171843-25-000011.hdr.sgml : 20250102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250102163015
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171843-25-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241230
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BJs RESTAURANTS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001013488
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				330485615
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0103

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21423
		FILM NUMBER:		25502473

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7755 CENTER AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HUNTINGTON BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92647
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(714) 500-2440

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7755 CENTER AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HUNTINGTON BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92647

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHICAGO PIZZA & BREWERY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960614
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>f8k_010225.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?Form 8-K

0001013488False00010134882024-12-302024-12-30iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 30, 2024

BJ'S RESTAURANTS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

California 0-21423 33-0485615

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

7755 Center Avenue, Suite 300 

Huntington Beach, California 92647

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(714) 500-2400

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading 

Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, No Par Value BJRI NASDAQ Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On December 30, 2024, BJs Restaurants, Inc. (the Company) announced its entry into a Cooperation Agreement (the Act III Cooperation Agreement) with Act III Holdings, LLC (Act III Holdings), Act III Management, LLC (Act III Management), BJs Act III, LLC (BJs Act III), and SC 2018 Trust LLC (the 2018 Trust and, collectively with Act III Holdings, Act III Management, and BJs Act III, the Act III Parties).

The Act III Cooperation Agreement provides, among other things, that unless otherwise mutually agreed by the Company and Act III Parties, until May 4, 2027:

(i) The Act III Parties will be subject to customary standstill restrictions, including, among others, with respect to the acquisition of additional shares of the Companys voting securities (other than upon exercise of the Warrant, as defined below), proxy solicitation and related matters, extraordinary transactions and other changes, each of the foregoing subject to certain exceptions;

(ii) The Act III Parties will vote all shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by them in accordance with the Boards recommendations with respect to (1) the election, removal and/or replacement of directors of the Company and (2) any other proposal submitted to shareholders, subject to certain exceptions relating to extraordinary transactions and recommendations made by Institutional Shareholder Services, Inc. or Glass Lewis & Co., LLC;

(iii) Each party agrees not to disparage or sue the other party, subject to certain exceptions; and

(iv) At the Companys request, the Act III Parties will make their personnel and management available to collaborate with and support the Companys management on key initiatives or organizational enhancements (including, without limitation, culinary, supply chain, marketing, design, technology and recruiting).

In connection with entering into the Act III Cooperation Agreement, the Company agreed to enter into the Warrant Amendment (as described in Item 3.02 below).

The foregoing description does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Act III Cooperation Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

In connection with entering into the Act III Cooperation Agreement, the Company entered into Amendment No. 2 (the Warrant Amendment) to the Common Stock Purchase Warrant of the Company, dated May 5, 2020 (as amended, the Warrant). Under the Amendment, the Company agreed to extend the termination date of the Warrant by two years to May 4, 2027. The Warrant Amendment also makes a corresponding amendment to the term of the Warrant under the Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 5, 2020, originally between the Company and the 2018 Trust. To the extent the extension of the termination date of the Warrant under the Warrant Amendment is deemed to be an issuance of new securities, such issuance was made pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements under Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The Warrant is currently exercisable for up to 876,949 shares of the Companys common stock at an exercise price of $26.94 per share. Shares issued upon exercise of the Warrant may be issued pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements under Section 3(a)(9) or 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

A copy of the Companys press release, dated January 2, 2025, relating to the matters described in Items 1.01 above, is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The information being furnished pursuant to Item 8.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise be subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any other document filed under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Cooperation Agreement, dated December 30, 2024, among the Company, Act III Holdings, LLC , Act III Management, LLC, BJs Act III, LLC, and SC 2018 Trust LLC 

10.2 Amendment No. 2, dated December 30, 2024, to Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated May 5, 2020 (as amended), issued by the Company in favor of BJs Act III, LLC 

99.1 Press Release dated January 2, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

BJ'S RESTAURANTS, INC.

(Registrant)

Date: January 2, 2025 By: /s/ C. BRADFORD RICHMOND 

C. Bradford Richmond

Interim Chief Executive Officer and Director
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exh_101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
EdgarFiling

Exhibit 10.1

COOPERATION AGREEMENT

This COOPERATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement)
is made and entered into as of December 30, 2024, by and among BJs Restaurants, Inc., a California corporation (the Company),
on the one hand, and Act III Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Act III Holdings), Act III Management,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Act III Management), BJs Act III, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (BJs Act III), and SC 2018 Trust LLC, a Delaware limited partnership (the 2018 Trust),
on the other hand. Act III Holdings, Act III Management, BJs Act III, and the 2018 Trust, collectively with each of their respective
Affiliates, are referred to herein as the Act III Parties and individually as an Act III Party.
Company and each of the Act III Parties are each herein referred to as a party and collectively, the parties.
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings ascribed to them in Section 15 below.

WHEREAS, BJs Act III is the
holder of 375,000 shares of the Companys Common Stock, no par value (the Common Stock), and is the holder
of that certain Common Stock Purchase Warrant, having an initial issuance date of May 5, 2020, granting the Holder the right, as adjusted,
to acquire up to 876,949 shares of Common Stock (as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto, the Warrant);

WHEREAS, the Company and the
Act III Parties have determined to come to an agreement regarding the Act III Parties ownership in the Company, the Warrant, and the cooperation
and support of the Act III Parties with respect to certain matters, all as provided in this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows:

1. 
Amendment of Warrant. Effective as of the date of this Agreement, the Warrant shall be amended so that the Termination
Date (as defined in the Warrant) shall be extended from May 4, 2025 to May 4, 2027. The amendment to the Warrant shall be evidenced
by Amendment No. 2 to the Warrant in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

2. 
Voting Commitment. Until the Expiration Date, BJs Act III and each other of the Act III Parties that is at any time
a record or beneficial owner of shares of Common Stock shall, and shall cause their respective Representatives to, (a) appear in person
or by proxy at each of the Companys shareholder meetings (a Shareholder Meeting) and (b) vote, or deliver
consents or consent revocations with respect to, all shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Act III Parties in accordance with
the recommendation of the Companys Board of Directors (the Board) with respect to all proposals submitted
to shareholders at such Shareholder Meeting, in each case as the Boards recommendation is set forth in the definitive proxy statement,
consent solicitation statement, or revocation solicitation statement filed by the Company in respect of such Shareholder Meeting. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, (i) in the event that Institutional Shareholder Services Inc. (ISS) or Glass Lewis & Co., LLC
(Glass Lewis) issue voting recommendations that differ from the Boards recommendation with respect to any
proposals (other than a proposal with respect to director elections or removal), the Act III Parties shall be permitted to vote, or deliver
consents or consent revocations with respect to any shares beneficially owned by such Act III Parties in accordance with such ISS or Glass
Lewis recommendation and (ii) the Act III Parties shall be permitted to vote in its sole discretion on any proposal with respect to any
Extraordinary Transaction. The Act III Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts (including by calling back loaned out shares,
if any) to ensure that the applicable Act III Parties have voting power for each share beneficially owned by it on the record date for
each Shareholder Meeting.

3. 
Standstill. Prior to the Expiration Date, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, without the prior written consent
of the Board, each of the Act III Parties shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, directly or indirectly:

(a)acquire, offer or seek to acquire,
agree to acquire, or acquire rights to acquire (except by way of exercise of the Warrant or by way of stock dividends or other distributions
or offerings made available to holders of voting securities of the Company generally on a pro rata basis or pursuant to an Extraordinary
Transaction approved by the Board), whether by purchase, tender or exchange offer, through the acquisition of control of another person,
by joining a group, through swap or hedging transactions or otherwise, any voting securities of the Company (other than through any index
fund, exchange traded fund, benchmark fund or broad-based basket of securities) or any voting rights decoupled from the underlying voting
securities;

1 

(b) 
sell, assign, or otherwise transfer or dispose of shares of Common Stock, or any rights decoupled from such shares, beneficially owned
by them, other than in open market sale transactions where the identity of the purchaser is not known or in underwritten widely-dispersed
public offerings, to any Third Party that, to such Act III Partys knowledge (after reasonable due inquiry in connection with a
private, non-open market transaction), would result in such Third Party, together with its Affiliates and Associates, beneficially owning,
in the aggregate, more than four and nine-tenths percent (4.9%) of the shares of Common Stock outstanding at such time or would increase
the beneficial ownership of any Third Party who, together with its Affiliates and Associates, has a beneficial or other ownership interest
of, in the aggregate, more than four and nine-tenths percent (4.9%) of the shares of Common Stock outstanding at such time;

(c) 
(i) nominate, recommend for nomination or give notice of an intent to nominate or recommend for nomination a person for election at any
Shareholder Meeting at which the Companys directors are to be elected; (ii) knowingly initiate, encourage or participate in any
solicitation of proxies, consents or consent revocations in respect of any election contest or removal contest with respect to the Companys
directors; (iii) submit, initiate, make or be a proponent of any shareholder proposal for consideration at, or bring any other business
before, any Shareholder Meeting; (iv) knowingly initiate, encourage or participate in any solicitation of proxies, consents or consent
revocations in respect of any shareholder proposal for consideration at, or other business brought before, any Shareholder Meeting; or
(v) knowingly initiate, encourage or participate in any withhold or similar campaign with respect to any proposal for consideration
at, or other business brought before, any Shareholder Meeting; or (vi) call or seek to call, or request the call of, or initiate a consent
solicitation or consent revocation solicitation with respect to, alone or in concert with others, any Shareholder Meeting, whether or
not such a Shareholder Meeting is permitted by the Companys Articles of Incorporation or the Bylaws, including any town
hall meeting;

(d) 
form, join or in any way participate in or with any group or agreement of any kind with respect to any voting securities of the Company;

(e) 
deposit any voting securities of the Company in any voting trust or subject any Company voting securities to any arrangement or agreement
with respect to the voting thereof, other than any such voting trust, arrangement, or agreement that is with an Affiliate of such Act
III Party;

(f) 
seek publicly, alone or in concert with others, to amend any provision of the Companys Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws;

(g) 
make any public proposal with respect to: (A) any change in the composition, number or term of directors serving on the Board or the filling
of any vacancies on the Board, (B) any change in the capitalization, dividend policy, or share repurchase programs or practices of the
Company, (C) any other change in the Companys management, governance, corporate structure or policies, (D) causing a class of securities
of the Company to be delisted from, or to cease to be authorized to be quoted on, any securities exchange or (E) causing a class of equity
securities of the Company to become eligible for termination of registration pursuant to Section 12(g)(4) of the Exchange Act (as defined
below);

(h) 
offer or propose to effect any (i) material acquisition of any assets or businesses of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; (ii) tender
offer or exchange offer, merger, acquisition, share exchange or other business combination, or Extraordinary Transaction, involving the
Company and any of the voting securities or any of the material assets or businesses of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; or (iii)
recapitalization, restructuring, liquidation, dissolution or other material transaction with respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries
or any material portion of its or their businesses, in each case of clauses (i)-(iii) which would reasonably be expected to require public
announcement or disclosure of such offer or proposal;

(i) 
enter into any negotiations, agreements, or understandings with any Third Party, or knowingly advise, assist, encourage or seek to persuade
any Third Party to, take any action that would be prohibited under this Section 3 if taken by any of the Act III Parties;

(j) 
publicly make or in any way advance publicly any request or proposal that the Company or the Board amend, modify, or waive any provision
of this Agreement; or

(k) 
take any action challenging the validity or enforceability of this Section 3 or this Agreement unless the Company is challenging the validity
or enforceability of this Agreement.

2 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,
nothing in this Agreement, including the restrictions in this Section 3, shall prohibit or restrict any of the Act III Parties from (i)
making any true and correct statement to the extent required by applicable legal process, subpoena or legal requirement from any governmental
authority with competent jurisdiction over such Act III Parties so long as such request did not arise as a result of any action by any
such Act III Parties; (ii) communicating privately with any director or executive officer of the Company, or members of the investor relations
team made available for communications involving broad-based groups of investors (including through participation in investor meetings
and/or conferences), on any matter so long as such communications would not reasonably be expected to require public disclosure obligations
for any party; (iii) making any public or private statement or announcement with respect to any Extraordinary Transaction that is publicly
announced by the Company, (iv) tendering shares, receiving payment for shares or otherwise participating in any transaction approved by
the Board on the same basis as the other shareholders of the Company; (v) exercising the Warrant; or (vi) receiving or exercising equity
awards granted to any person in connection with such persons service on the Board, pursuant to the terms of such awards.

4. 
Mutual Non-Disparagement. Until the Expiration Date, without the prior written consent of the other party, no party hereto
shall, nor shall it permit any of its Representatives to, make any public statement, including by filing or furnishing any document to
the SEC, or by press release or other public statement to a member of the press or media, in a manner that disparages, defames, slanders
or impugns the other party, its subsidiaries, its business, or its current or former directors (in their capacity as such), officers,
or employees. A statement or announcement shall only be deemed to be made by the Company if made by a member of the Board or senior management
team or other designated representative of the Company, in each case authorized to make such statement or announcement on behalf of the
Company. A statement or announcement shall only be deemed to be made by the Act III Parties if made by a manager, director, general partner,
member of the senior management team or other designated representative of such Act III Parties, in each case authorized to make such
statement or announcement on behalf of the applicable Act III Parties. The restrictions in this Section 4 shall not (a) apply to (i) any
compelled testimony or production of information, whether by legal process, subpoena, or as part of a response to a request for information
from any governmental or regulatory authority with jurisdiction over the party from whom information is sought, in each case to the extent
required, (ii) any disclosure that such party reasonably believes, after consultation with outside counsel, to be legally required by
applicable law, rules or regulations, or (iii) any private communications between or among the parties and their respective Representatives;
(b) prohibit either party from reporting what it reasonably believes, after consultation with outside counsel, to be violations of federal
law or regulation to any governmental authority pursuant to Section 21F of the Exchange Act or Rule 21F promulgated thereunder; or (c)
prohibit any private communications among the principals, officers, managers, and employees of any of the Act III Parties.

5. 
No Litigation. Prior to the Expiration Date, each party hereby covenants and agrees that it shall not, and shall not permit
any of its Representatives to, directly or indirectly, alone or in concert with others, encourage, pursue, or knowingly assist any other
person to threaten or initiate any lawsuit, claim, or proceeding before any court (each, a Legal Proceeding) against
the other party or any of its Representatives based on information known or unknown as of the date of this Agreement, except for (a) any
Legal Proceeding initiated primarily to remedy a breach of or to enforce this Agreement, (b) counterclaims with respect to any proceeding
initiated by or on behalf of one party or its Affiliates against the other party or its Affiliates or (c) any Legal Proceeding with respect
to claims of fraud in connection with, arising out of or related to this Agreement; provided, however, that the foregoing
shall not prevent any party or any of its Representatives from responding to oral questions, interrogatories, requests for information
or documents, subpoenas, civil investigative demands or similar processes (each, a Legal Requirement) in connection
with any Legal Proceeding if such Legal Proceeding has not been initiated by, on behalf of, or at the suggestion of such party or any
of its Representatives; provided, further, that in the event any party or any of its Representatives receives such Legal
Requirement, such party shall give prompt written notice of such Legal Requirement to the other party (except where such notice would
be legally prohibited or not practicable). Each party represents and warrants that neither it nor any assignee has filed any Legal Proceeding
against the other party.

6. 
Cooperation and Availability. Following the date of this Agreement until the Expiration Date,
if reasonably requested by the company from time to time, the Act III Holdings and Act III Management agree to make their personnel and
management available to collaborate with the Companys management team and provide access to internal resources, as and when is
reasonably requested by the Company, on key initiatives, or organizational enhancements, including, but not limited to culinary, supply
chain, marketing, design, technology and recruiting. To the extent that such activities require the Company to disclose confidential information
to any Act III Parties, the applicable Act III Parties will enter into a customary form of non-disclosure agreement to be provided by
the Company.

7. 
Public Statements; SEC Filings.

3 

(a) 
Not later than January 6, 2025, the Company shall issue a mutually agreeable press release (the Press Release) announcing
this Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B. Prior to the issuance of the Press Release, neither the Company nor any
Act III Party shall issue any press release or public announcement regarding this Agreement or take any action that would require public
disclosure thereof without the prior written consent of the other party. In addition, the Company shall be permitted to reference the
substance of any statements from the Representative(s) of any of the Act III Parties contained in the Press Release and, at the Companys
option, to include additional mutually agreeable statements (consistent with those from Representative(s) of Act III contained in the
Press Release) in the Companys earnings press release announcing 2024 year-end and fourth quarter results.

(b) 
Not later than January 6, 2025, the Company shall file with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K setting forth a brief description of
the terms of this Agreement and appending this Agreement as an exhibit thereto (the Form 8-K). The Company shall
provide the Act III Holdings and its Representatives with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Form 8-K prior to it being
filed with the SEC and consider in good faith any comments of Act III Holdings and its Representatives.

(c) 
Prior to the Expiration Date, neither party shall issue any press release or other public statement (including in any filing under the
Exchange Act) about the subject matter of this Agreement that is inconsistent with or contrary to the Press Release, and the Form 8-K,
except as required by law, Legal Requirement or applicable stock exchange listing rules or with the prior written consent of the other
party and otherwise in accordance with this Agreement.

8. 
Affiliates and Associates. Each party shall instruct its Affiliates and Associates to comply with the terms of this Agreement
applicable to such persons, and shall be responsible for any breach of this Agreement by any such Affiliate or Associate. A breach of
this Agreement by an Affiliate or Associate of a party, if such Affiliate or Associate is not a party to this Agreement, shall be deemed
to occur if such Affiliate or Associate engages in conduct that would constitute a breach of this Agreement if such Affiliate or Associate
was a party to this Agreement.

9. 
Representations and Warranties.

(a) 
Each Act III Party that is a signatory to this Agreement represents and warrants that it has full power and authority to execute, deliver
and carry out the terms and provisions of this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, and that this Agreement
has been duly and validly executed and delivered by it, constitutes a valid and binding obligation and agreement of it and is enforceable
against it in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws generally affecting the rights of creditors and subject to general equity principles.
Each Act III Party that is a signatory to this Agreement represents that (i) the execution of this Agreement, the consummation of any
of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the fulfillment of the terms hereof, in each case in accordance with the terms hereof, will
not conflict with, or result in a breach or violation of the organizational documents of it as currently in effect and (ii) the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement by it does not and will not (A) violate or conflict with any law, rule, regulation, order,
judgment or decree applicable to it or (B) result in any breach or violation of or constitute a default under or pursuant to (or an event
which with notice or lapse of time or both could constitute such a breach, violation or default), or result in the loss of a material
benefit under, or give any right of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any organizational document, agreement, contract,
commitment, understanding or arrangement to which it is a party or by which it is bound.

(b) 
The Company hereby represents and warrants that it has the power and authority to execute, deliver and carry out the terms and provisions
of this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, and that this Agreement has been duly and validly authorized,
executed and delivered by the Company, constitutes a valid and binding obligation and agreement of the Company and is enforceable against
the Company in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws generally affecting the rights of creditors and subject to general equity principles.
The Company represents and warrants that (i) the execution of this Agreement, the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated
hereby, and the fulfillment of the terms hereof, in each case in accordance with the terms hereof, will not conflict with, or result in
a breach or violation of the organizational documents of the Company as currently in effect and (ii) the execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement by the Company does not and will not (A) violate or conflict with any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree
applicable to the Company or (B) result in any breach or violation of or constitute a default under or pursuant to (or an event which
with notice or lapse of time or both could constitute such a breach, violation or default), or result in the loss of a material benefit
under, or give any right of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any organizational document, agreement, contract,
commitment, understanding or arrangement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound.

4 

10. 
Termination. Unless otherwise mutually agreed to in writing by each party, this Agreement shall
remain in effect until May 4, 2027 (the Expiration Date). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sections 12 (Notices), 13
(Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Waiver), 14 (Specific Performance) and 16 (Miscellaneous) shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

11. 
Expenses. The parties shall each bear their own expenses in connection with the negotiation and execution of this Agreement
and related matters.

12. 
Notices. All notices, demands and other communications to be given or delivered under or by reason of the provisions of this
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given (a) when delivered by hand, with written confirmation of receipt;
(b) upon sending, if sent by electronic mail to the electronic mail addresses below, with confirmation of receipt from the receiving party
by electronic mail; (c) one (1) Business Day after being sent by a nationally recognized overnight carrier to the addresses set forth
below; or (d) when actually delivered if sent by any other method that results in delivery, with written confirmation of receipt:

If to the Company:

BJs Restaurants, Inc.

7755 Center Avenue, Suite 300

Huntington Beach, California
92647

Attn: Kendra Miller, General Counsel

Email: kmiller@bjsrestaurants.com 

with mandatory copies (which shall not constitute notice)
to:

Elkins Kalt Weintraub Reuben Gartside LLP

10345 W. Olympic Blvd.

Los Angeles, CA 90064

Attn: Robert Steinberg

Email: rsteinberg@elkinskalt.com

If to the Act III Parties:

c/o Act III Holdings, LLC

Act III Holdings LLC

777 Brickell Avenue, #500-99405

Miami, FL 33131

Attention: Mr. Ronald M. Shaich

Email: notices@act3holdings.com 

with mandatory copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

McDermott Will & Emery

340 Madison Avenue 

New York, NY 10173-1922

Attention: Andrew Liazos

Email: aliazos@mwe.com

13. 
Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation
of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict
of law provision or rule (whether of the State of California or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws
of any jurisdictions other than the State of California. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state
and federal courts sitting in Los Angeles County, California, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith
or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit,
action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding
is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such
party at the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service
of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted
by law. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT
TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

14. 
Specific Performance. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges and agrees that the other party would be irreparably injured
by an actual breach of this Agreement by the first- mentioned party or its Representatives and that monetary remedies would be inadequate
to protect either party against any actual or threatened breach or continuation of any breach of this Agreement. Without prejudice to
any other rights and remedies otherwise available to the parties under this Agreement, each party shall be entitled to equitable relief
by way of injunction or otherwise and specific performance of the provisions hereof upon satisfying the requirements to obtain such relief,
without the necessity of posting a bond or other security, if the other party or any of its Representatives breaches or threatens to breach
any provision of this Agreement. Such remedy shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedy for a breach of this Agreement but shall be
in addition to all other remedies available at law or equity to the non-breaching party.

5 

15. 
Certain Definitions and Interpretations. As used in this Agreement: (a) the terms Affiliate and Associate
(and any plurals thereof) have the meanings ascribed to such terms under Rule 12b-2 promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act and
shall include persons or entities that after the date hereof become Affiliates or Associates of any applicable person or entity referred
to in this Agreement; provided, however, that the term Associate shall refer only to Associates controlled by the
Company or Act III Parties, as applicable; provided, further, that the Act III Parties shall not be an Affiliate or Associate
of the Company, and the Company shall not be an Affiliate or Associate of the Act III Parties; provided, further, that with
respect to Act III Parties; (b) the terms beneficial ownership, group, person,
proxy and solicitation (and any plurals thereof) have the meanings ascribed to such terms under
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; provided, that the meaning of solicitation
shall be without regard to the exclusions set forth in Rules 14a-1(l)(2)(iv) and 14a-2(b)(2) under the Exchange Act; (c) the term Business
Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in the State of California are authorized
or obligated to be closed by applicable law; (d) the term Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; (e) the term Extraordinary Transaction means any
tender offer, exchange offer, merger, consolidation, acquisition, business combination, sale of all or substantially all of the Companys
assets, recapitalization, restructuring, or other similar corporate transaction involving the Company and a third party, in each case,
that results in a change in control of the Company; (f) the term Representatives means (i) a persons Affiliates
and Associates and (ii) its and their respective directors, officers, employees, partners, members, managers, consultants, legal or other
advisors, agents and other representatives, in each case, only to the extent such persons are acting in a capacity on behalf of, in concert
with, or at the direction of such person or its Affiliates or Associates; (g) the term SEC means the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission; (h) the term Shareholder Meeting means each annual or special meeting of shareholders of
the Company, or any action by written consent of the Companys shareholders in lieu thereof, and any adjournment, postponement,
rescheduling or continuation thereof; and (i) the term Third Party refers to any person that is not a party, a member
of the Board, a director or officer of the Company, or legal counsel to either party. In this Agreement, unless a clear contrary intention
appears, (i) the word including (in its various forms) means including, without limitation; (ii) the words
hereunder, hereof, hereto and words of similar import are references in this Agreement as a
whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement; (iii) the word or is not exclusive; (iv) references to Sections
in this Agreement are references to Sections of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated; and (v) whenever the context requires, the
masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders.

16. 
Miscellaneous.

(a) 
This Agreement, including all exhibits hereto, contains the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all other prior agreements
and understandings, both written and oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

(b) 
This Agreement is solely for the benefit of the parties and is not enforceable by any other persons.

(c) 
This Agreement shall not be assignable by operation of law or otherwise by a party without the consent of the other party. Any purported
assignment without such consent is void ab initio. Subject to the foregoing sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure
to the benefit of, and be enforceable by and against the permitted successors and assigns of each party.

(d) 
Neither the failure nor any delay by a party in exercising any right, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver
thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any right,
power, or privilege hereunder.

(e) 
If any term, provision, covenant, or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void, or
unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants, and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect
and shall in no way be affected, impaired, or invalidated. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that
the parties would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants, and restrictions without including any of such which may be
hereafter declared invalid, void, or unenforceable. In addition, the parties agree to use their reasonable best efforts to agree upon
and substitute a valid and enforceable term, provision, covenant, or restriction for any of such that is held invalid, void, or unenforceable
by a court of competent jurisdiction.

6 

(f) 
Any amendment or modification of the terms and conditions set forth herein or any waiver of such terms and conditions must be agreed to
in a writing signed by each party.

(g) 
This Agreement may be executed in one (1) or more textually identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all
of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Signatures to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, by
electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf) form, or by any other electronic means intended to preserve
the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document, shall have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing
the original signature.

(h) 
Each party acknowledges that it has been represented by counsel of its choice throughout all negotiations that have preceded the execution
of this Agreement, and that it has executed this Agreement with the advice of such counsel.

(i) 
The headings set forth in this Agreement are for convenience of reference purposes only and will not affect or be deemed to affect in
any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any term or provision of this Agreement.

[Signature Pages Follow]

7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement,
or caused the same to be executed by its duly authorized representative, as of the date first above written.

THE COMPANY:

BJS RESTAURANTS, INC.

By: /s/ LEA ANNE OTTINGER

Lea Anne Ottinger, Chair of the Board

By: /s/ C. BRADFORD RICHMOND

Brad Richmond, Interim Chief Executive Officer

ACT III PARTIES:

ACT III HOLDINGS, LLC

By: /s/ RONALD M SHAICH

Ronald M. Shaich, Chief Executive Officer

ACT III MANAGEMENT, LLC

By: /s/ RONALD M SHAICH

Ronald M. Shaich, Chief Executive Officer

BJS ACT III, LLC

By: /s/ RONALD M SHAICH

Ronald M. Shaich, Chief Executive Officer

SC 2018 TRUST LLC

By: /s/ RONALD M SHAICH

Ronald M. Shaich, Investment Manager

Signature Page to Cooperation Agreement

EXHIBIT A

Form of Amendment No. 2 to Warrant

Exhibit B

Form of Press Release
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exh_102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
EdgarFiling

Exhibit 10.2

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

THIS AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT
(this Amendment), dated as of December 30, 2024, is by and between BJs Restaurants, Inc., a California
corporation (the Corporation), and BJs Act III, LLC (together with any assigns, the Holder).

WHEREAS, Holder is the holder of that certain Common
Stock Purchase Warrant, having an initial issuance date of May 5, 2020, granting the Holder the right to acquire up to 875,000 shares
(subsequently adjusted pursuant to its terms to 876,949 shares) of the Common Stock, no par value, of the Corporation (as amended by Amendment
No. 1 thereto, dated on or about November 24, 2020, the Warrant);

WHEREAS, Holder has certain registration rights with
respect to the Warrant and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise thereof pursuant to the terms of a Registration Rights Agreement,
dated May 5, 2020, originally by and between the Corporation and SC 2018 Trust, LLC (the Registration Rights Agreement).

WHEREAS, Holder and the Corporation wish to amend the
Warrant to extend the expiration date thereof.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements
herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Defined
Terms. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings provided to such terms in the Warrant.

2. Amendment
of Termination Date. The Termination Date (as defined in the Preamble of the Warrant) is hereby extended from May 4,
2025 to May 4, 2027.

3. Amendment
of Registration Rights Agreement. The second recital of the Registration Rights Agreement is hereby amended to and replaced in its
entirely with the following:

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Common Stock Purchase Warrant
(the Warrant) originally between the Company and SC 2018 Trust LLC, dated as of the date hereof, the Investors have
agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Warrant, at any time and from time to time on or prior to the close of business
on May 4, 2027 but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from the Company, up to 875,000 shares of the Common Stock (as subject
to adjustment under the Warrant and together with any other capital stock of the Company then purchasable upon exercise of the Warrant
in accordance with the terms of the Warrant, the Warrant Shares);

4. Miscellaneous
Provisions.

4.1 Successors.
All the covenants and provisions of this Amendment by or for the benefit of the Corporation or the Holder shall bind and inure to the
benefit of their respective successors and assigns.

4.2 Governing
Law; Jurisdiction. The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Amendment shall be governed in all respects by the laws of
the State of California, in accordance with the provisions of Section 5(d) of the Warrant.

4.3 Counterparts.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes
be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

4.4 Effect
of Headings. The section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Amendment and shall not affect the interpretation
thereof.

4.5 Severability.
This Amendment shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of this Amendment or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable
term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Amendment a provision as similar in terms to
such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

4.6 No Other
Amendment. Except as specifically set forth in this Amendment, the terms of the Warrant and Registration Rights Agreement shall remain
unchanged and in full force and effect.

[Signature pages follow]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation and the Holder have caused this Amendment
to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

BJs Restaurants, inc.

By: /s/ C. BRADFORD RICHMOND

Name: C. Bradford Richmond

Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Amendment No.2 to Common Stock Purchase Warrant]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation and the Holder have caused this Amendment
to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

BJS ACT III, LLC

By: /s/ RONALD M SHAICH

Ronald M. Shaich, Chief Executive Officer 

SC 2018 TRUST, LLC (solely with respect to Sections 3 and 4 of this Agreement)

By: /s/ RONALD M SHAICH

Ronald M. Shaich, Investment Manager 

[Signature Page to Amendment No.2 to Common Stock Purchase Warrant]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exh_991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
EdgarFiling

EXHIBIT 99.1

BJs Restaurants, Inc. Announces Cooperation Agreement with Act III Holdings

HUNTINGTON BEACH, Calif., Jan. 02, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- BJs Restaurants, Inc. (BJs or the Company) (NASDAQ: BJRI) today announced that it has entered into a cooperation agreement (the Cooperation Agreement) with Act III Holdings, LLC and various affiliates of Ronald M. Shaich (collectively with its affiliates, Act III).

We are pleased to announce this agreement with Act III and its Managing Partner and Chief Executive Officer, Ron Shaich, who are well regarded for their restaurant industry acumen and results, said Lea Anne S. Ottinger, Chair of the Board of Directors. We are confident they can support the Board, Brad Richmond, the Companys Interim Chief Executive Officer, and Lyle Tick, the Companys President and Chief Concept Officer, as we develop and execute against BJs vision and strategic plan.

We are excited to enter into this Cooperation Agreement with BJs Restaurants, Inc.," said Mr. Shaich, who also founded Panera Bread Company and serves as Chair of the Board of Directors of Cava Group, Inc. We strongly support the actions that BJs Board of Directors has taken, including the appointment of new leadership to guide the Company through its next chapter of growth and value creation. After engaging with BJs Board and management, we are confident in the discipline and financial expertise that Mr. Richmond is bringing to the Company and impressed by Mr. Ticks vision and strategy for unlocking the full potential of the BJs brand. We fully support their focus and ambition and are excited to reaffirm our commitment to the Company. We look forward to collaborating with BJs to help them exceed their goals.

Act III has agreed to a customary standstill, voting commitment, and related provisions in connection with the Cooperation Agreement. A copy of the Cooperation Agreement is included as an exhibit to the Companys current report on Form 8-K, which has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

About BJs Restaurants, Inc.

BJs Restaurants, Inc. is a national brand with brewhouse roots where Craft Matters. BJs broad menu has something for everyone: slow-roasted entrees, like prime rib, BJs EnLIGHTened Entrees including Cherry Chipotle Glazed Salmon, signature deep-dish pizza and the often imitated, but never replicated world-famous Pizookie dessert. The winner of the 2024 Vibe Vista Award for Best Overall Beverage Program for Multi-Unit Chain Restaurants and the most decorated restaurant-brewery in the country, BJs has been a pioneer in the craft brewing world since 1996 and takes pride in serving BJs award-winning proprietary handcrafted beers, brewed at its brewing operations in four states and by independent third-party craft brewers. The BJs experience offers high-quality ingredients, bold flavors, moderate prices, sincere service, and a cool, contemporary atmosphere. Founded in 1978, BJs owns and operates over 215 casual dining restaurants in 31 states. All restaurants offer dine-in, take-out, delivery and large party catering. For more BJs information, visit http://www.bjsrestaurants.com.

About Act III Holdings, LLC

Act III Holdings, LLC is an evergreen investment vehicle formed by Ronald M. Shaich, founder and former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Panera Bread, to build tomorrows market-leading restaurant and entertainment companies. Act III Holdings, LLC invests in emerging restaurant and entertainment categories and helps build companies which will become the dominant brand in the niches they create and define. Portfolio investments benefit from the industry specific insights and capabilities of Act III and its partners. Existing portfolio investments include Cava Group, Tatte Bakery & Caf, Life Alive Caf, Level99, BJs Restaurants Inc., and PAR Technology Corporation. For more information, visit www.act3holdings.com.

Forward Looking Statements

Statements used in this news release relating to future plans, or events, are forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning these and other risks and uncertainties is contained in the Companys filings with the SEC, including the Annual Report on Form 10-K, and other periodic reports filed with the SEC. The Company has no obligation to publicly update or revise any of the forward-looking statements in this news release.

Investor Relations Contact

For further information, please contact Tom Houdek of BJs Restaurants, Inc. at (714) 500-2400.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>gnw-20190101.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>gnw-20190101_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>gnw-20190101_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>gnw-20190101_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Dec. 30, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Dec. 30, 2024

Entity File Number 0-21423

Entity Registrant Name BJ'S RESTAURANTS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001013488

Entity Tax Identification Number 33-0485615

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code CA

Entity Address, Address Line One 7755 Center Avenue, Suite 300

Entity Address, City or Town Huntington Beach

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92647

City Area Code 714

Local Phone Number 500-2400

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, No Par Value

Trading Symbol BJRI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://globenewswire.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

f8k_010225.htm 
gnw-20190101.xsd 
gnw-20190101_def.xml 
gnw-20190101_lab.xml 
gnw-20190101_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001171843-25-000011-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>f8k_010225_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001013488 

2024-12-30 
2024-12-30 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

0001013488 
false 
8-K 
2024-12-30 
BJ'S RESTAURANTS, INC. 
CA 
0-21423 
33-0485615 
7755 Center Avenue, Suite 300 
Huntington Beach 
CA 
92647 
714 
500-2400 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, No Par Value 
BJRI 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>