<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-006037.txt : 20250123
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-006037.hdr.sgml : 20250123
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250123171047
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-006037
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250116
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250123
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250123

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Plum Acquisition Corp, IV
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002030482
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				981795710
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42472
		FILM NUMBER:		25550941

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2021 FILLMORE ST. #2089
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94115
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(929) 529-7125

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2021 FILLMORE ST. #2089
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94115
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0228475-8k_plumacq4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 16, 2025

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Cayman Islands 333-281144 98-1795710

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

2021 Fillmore St. #2089

San Francisco, California 94115

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (212) 618-1798

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation to the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Units,
each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share, and one-half of one redeemable warrant PLMKU Nasdaq
Global Market

Class
A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, included as part of the units PLMK Nasdaq
Global Market

Warrants
included as part of the units, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 PLMKW Nasdaq
Global Market

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On January 16, 2025, Plum
Acquisition Corp. IV (the Company) completed (i) its initial public offering (the IPO) of 17,250,000
units (the Units), which included the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, at an offering
price of $10.00 per Unit, with each Unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A
Ordinary Shares), and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants), each whole Public Warrant
entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, generating
gross proceeds of $172,500,000 (before underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses), and (ii) a private placement of
an aggregate of 672,875 private placement units (the Private Placement Units) and 570,000 restricted Class
A Ordinary Shares (the Restricted Private Placement Shares, the Restricted Private Placement Shares together
with the Private Placement Units purchased by Plum Partners IV, LLC (the Sponsor), collectively, the Non-Managing
Investor Private Placement Securities,) at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit or a combined price of $10.00
per Non-Managing Investor Private Placement Security, as applicable, generating gross proceeds of $6,728,750, as follows: (A) 440,000
Private Placement Units and 570,000 Restricted Private Placement Shares ($4,400,000 in the aggregate) with the Sponsor, (B) 186,300 Private
Placement Units ($1,863,000 in the aggregate) with Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC and
(C) 46,575 Private Placement Units ($465,750 in the aggregate) with Seaport Global Securities LLC (collectively, the Private
Placement). 

A total of $174,225,000 of
the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement (which includes the underwriters deferred discount of up to $6,900,000)
was placed in a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company established for the benefit of the Companys
public shareholders and the underwriters of the IPO. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that
may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, and up to $100,000 to pay dissolution expenses, if any, the funds held in the
trust account will not be released from the trust account until the earliest to occur of: (1) the completion of the Companys initial
business combination; (2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Companys
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to
allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial business combination or to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares
if the Company has not completed its initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO or such earlier liquidation
date as the board of directors of the Company (the Board) may approve, or such later time as provided for in any
amendment to the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, (an Extension Period),
subject to applicable law or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity; and (3) the redemption of all of the Companys public shares if the Company has not completed its initial business combination
within 18 months from the closing of the IPO, or such earlier liquidation date as the Board may approve, or during any Extension Period,
subject to applicable law.

An audited balance sheet
as of January 16, 2025, reflecting receipt of the proceeds upon consummation of the IPO and Private Placement has been issued by the Company
and is included as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

99.1 Audited Balance Sheet

1

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Date: January 23, 2025 PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

By: /s/ Kanishka Roy

Name: Kanishka Roy

Title: Chief Executive Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022847501ex99-1_plumacq4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AUDITED BALANCE SHEET
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

Financial Statement for Plum Acquisition Corp. IV:

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2

Balance Sheet as of January 16, 2025 F-3

Notes to Financial Statement F-4

F-1

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders

Plum Acquisition Corp. IV

Opinion on the Financial Statement

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Plum Acquisition Corp. IV (the Company) as of January 16, 2025 and the related notes (collectively referred to as
the financial statement). In our opinion, the financial statement presents fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the company as of January 16, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America.

Basis for Opinion

This financial statement is the responsibility
of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys financial statement based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statement is free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to
perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Companys
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statement, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to
those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statement.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statement. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC

We have served as the Companys auditor
since 2024.

New York, New York

January 23, 2025

F-2

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

BALANCE SHEET

JANUARY 16, 2025

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash $ 971,550 

Due from Sponsor 1,295 

Prepaid expenses 108,700 

Total current assets 1,081,545 

Cash held in Trust Account 174,225,000 

Total Assets $ 175,306,545 

Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities 

Accrued expense $ 82,776 

Accrued offering costs 145,804 

Total current liabilities 228,580 

Deferred underwriting fee 6,900,000 

Total Liabilities 7,128,580 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 17,250,000 shares at redemption value of $10.10 per share 174,225,000 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preference shares, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 200,000,000 shares authorized; 1,242,875 issued and outstanding (excluding 17,250,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 124 

Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized; 5,750,000 shares issued and outstanding(1) 575 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit (6,047,734 )

Total Shareholders Deficit (6,047,035 )

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit $ 175,306,545 

(1) On December 6, 2024, the Sponsor surrendered 1,915,900 Founder
Shares for no consideration, such that the initial shareholders own an aggregate of 5,750,000 Founder Shares. All share and per share
data has been retrospectively presented (see Note 5).

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
this financial statement.

F-3

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 16, 2025

NOTE 1 ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS
OPERATIONS

Plum Acquisition Corp. IV (the Company)
is a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted corporation on June 10, 2024. The Company was incorporated for
the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with
one or more businesses (Business Combination).

The Company is not limited to a particular industry
or geographic region for purposes of completing a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and,
as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies.

As of January 16, 2025, the Company had not commenced
any operations. All activity for the period from June 10, 2024 (inception) through January 16, 2025 relates to the Companys
formation and the initial public offering (Initial Public Offering), which is described below. The Company will not generate
any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating
income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31
as its fiscal year end.

The registration statement for the Companys
Initial Public Offering was declared effective on January 14, 2025. On January 16, 2025, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering
of 17,250,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the
Public Shares), which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 2,250,000
Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $172,500,000, which is discussed in Note 3.

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of an aggregate of 672,875 private placement units (each, a Private Placement
Unit) at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of $6,728,750, as follows: (i) by and among the
Company and each of the Underwriters for the purchase by the Underwriters of an aggregate of 232,875 private placement units for an aggregate
purchase price of $2,328,750 and (ii) by and between the Company and Plum Partners IV, LLC (the Sponsor) for the purchase
by the Sponsor of an aggregate of 440,000 private placement units and 570,000 restricted Class A ordinary shares for an aggregate purchase
price of $4,400,000. The private placement units are identical to the units sold in this offering, subject to certain limited exceptions
as described in the prospectus.

Transaction costs amounted to $10,932,289, consisting
of $3,450,000 of cash underwriting fee, $6,900,000 of deferred underwriting fee, and $582,289 of other offering costs.

The Companys management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Securities,
although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward completing a Business Combination. The Company
must complete its initial Business Combination with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least
80% of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding any deferred underwriting commissions held in the Trust
Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the
post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act). There is no assurance that the Company
will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination.

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
on January 16, 2025, an amount of $174,225,000 ($10.10 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units and the sale of the Private
Placement Securities was placed in the trust account (the Trust Account) and invested or held in either (i) U.S. government
treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries, (ii) uninvested
cash, or (iii) an interest bearing bank demand deposit account or other accounts at a bank, as determined by the Company, until
the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to
the Companys shareholders, as described below. No later than 18 months after the closing of the Initial Public Offering or
such earlier liquidation date as the Companys board of directors may approve, or such later time as provided for in any amendment
to the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, (an Extension Period), subject to applicable
law, the amounts held in the Trust Account are held as cash or cash items, including in demand deposit accounts.

F-4

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 16, 2025

NOTE 1 ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS
OPERATIONS (cont.)

The Company will provide its shareholders with
the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection
with a general meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether
the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The shareholders
will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount held in the Trust Account (initially $10.10 per share),
calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of a Business Combination, including any pro rata interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations. There will be no redemption
rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Companys public warrants. The Class A ordinary shares
were recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance
with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.

If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection
with a Business Combination, it receives an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law approving a Business Combination, which requires
the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who vote at a general meeting of the Company. If a shareholder vote is not required
under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or
other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and file tender offer documents containing
substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination.
If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares
(as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased in or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination
and to waive its redemption rights with respect to any such shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a Business Combination.
Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem its Public Shares, without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether
they vote for or against a proposed Business Combination.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company
seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Companys
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder
or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)), will be restricted from redeeming its
shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the Public Shares without the Companys prior written consent.

The Sponsor has agreed to (i) waive its redemption
rights with respect to its private placement shares in connection with the completion of the initial business combination, (ii) waive
its redemption rights with respect to its private placement shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the obligation to allow redemption
in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the public shares if the Company fails to complete the initial
Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or such earlier liquidation date as the Companys
board of directors may approve, or during any Extension Period, subject to applicable law or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) waive its rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to its private placement shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination
within the prescribed timeframe. In addition, the Sponsor has agreed to vote any private placement shares held by it in favor of the initial
Business Combination.

F-5

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 16, 2025

NOTE 1 ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS
OPERATIONS (cont.)

The Company will have until 18 months from
the closing of the Initial Public Offering (the Combination Period) to complete a Business Combination. If the Company is
unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem 100% of
the outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account
(which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) and not previously released
to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Companys
board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of
creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.

The Sponsor has agreed to waive its liquidation
rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However,
if the Sponsor acquires Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed
to waive its rights to its deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does
not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held
in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible
that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the initial amount held in the Trust Account
($10.10).

The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to the Company, if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or by a prospective
target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account
to below (1) $10.10 per Public Share or (2) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of
the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which
may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any
and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Companys indemnity of the underwriters
of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility
that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers
(other than the Companys independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business,
execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.

F-6

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 16, 2025

NOTE 1 ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS
OPERATIONS (cont.)

Risks and Uncertainties

The United States and global markets are
experiencing volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and the
recent escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization
(NATO) deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European
Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and
entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication
payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other
assistance to Ukraine and to Israel, increasing geopolitical tensions among a number of nations. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and
the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO,
the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, Israel and its neighboring states and other countries have created global
security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts
are highly unpredictable, they could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital
markets, as well as supply chain interruptions and increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions
could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets.

Any of the above mentioned factors, or any other
negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine,
the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and subsequent sanctions or related actions, could adversely affect the Companys search
for an initial business combination and any target business with which the Company may ultimately consummate an initial business combination.

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying financial statement is presented
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) and pursuant to the rules
and regulations of the SEC.

Emerging Growth Company

The Company is an emerging growth company,
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the
JOBS Act), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other
public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive
compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS
Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private
companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities
registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides
that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth
companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period
which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company,
as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard.
This may make comparison of the Companys financial statement with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company
nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accounting standards used.

F-7

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 16, 2025

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.)

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statement in conformity
with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statement.

Making estimates requires management to exercise
significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances
that existed at the date of the financial statement, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near
term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all short-term investments
with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company had $971,550 in cash and no
cash equivalents as of January 16, 2025.

Cash Held in Trust Account

As of January 16, 2025, the assets held in the
Trust Account, amounting to $174,225,000, were held in cash.

Offering Costs

The Company complies with the requirements of
the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) ASC 340-10-S99 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
Topic 5A Expenses of Offering. Offering costs consist principally of professional and registration
fees that are directly related to the Initial Public Offering. FASB ASC 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options,
addresses the allocation of proceeds from the issuance of convertible debt into its equity and debt components. The Company applies this
guidance to allocate Initial Public Offering proceeds from the Units between Class A ordinary shares and warrants, using the
residual method by allocating Initial Public Offering proceeds first to assigned value of the warrants and then to the Class A ordinary
shares. Offering costs allocated to the Public Shares were charged to temporary equity, and offering costs allocated to Public Warrants
(as defined below) and Private Units were charged to shareholders deficit as the Public and Private Placement Warrants (as defined
below), after managements evaluation, were accounted for under equity treatment.

Income Taxes

The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740,
Income Taxes (ASC 740). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities
for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected
future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation allowance
to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized.

ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for
uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprises financial statement and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement
process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those
benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company
recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax
benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of January 16, 2025. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under
review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income
tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception.

F-8

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 16, 2025

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.)

The Company is considered an exempted Cayman Islands
Company and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States.
As such, the Companys tax provision was zero for the period presented.

Concentration of Credit Risk

Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution, which, at times may exceed the Federal
Depository Insurance Corporation coverage of $250,000. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse
impact on the Companys financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The fair value of the Companys assets and
liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement, approximates the carrying
amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature.

Warrant Instruments

The Company accounted for the Public and Private
Placement Warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the private placement in accordance with the guidance contained
in FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Accordingly, the Company evaluated and classified the warrant instruments
under equity treatment at their assigned values.

Class A Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

The public shares contain a redemption feature
which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Companys liquidation, or if there is a shareholder
vote or tender offer in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination. In accordance with ASC 480-10-S99, the Company
classifies public shares subject to possible redemption outside of permanent equity as the redemption provisions are not solely within
the control of the Company. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as it occurs and will adjust the carrying value
of redeemable shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of
redeemable shares will result in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. Accordingly,
as of January 16, 2025, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside
of the shareholders deficit section of the Companys balance sheet. As of January 16, 2025, the Class A ordinary shares subject
to possible redemption reflected in the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table:

Gross proceeds $ 172,500,000 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants (603,750 )

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs (10,872,242 )

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 13,200,992 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, January 16, 2025 $ 174,225,000 

F-9

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 16, 2025

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.)

Share-Based Compensation

The Company records share-based compensation in
accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Share Compensation (ASC 718), guidance to account for its
share-based compensation. It defines a fair value-based method of accounting for an employee share option or similar equity instrument.
The Company recognizes all forms of share-based payments at their fair value on the grant date, which are based on the estimated number
of awards that are ultimately expected to vest. Share-based payments are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of
share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment,
which is the more readily determinable value. The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods, which
is generally the vesting period. If an award is granted, but vesting does not occur, any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed
in the period related to the termination of service. Share-based compensation expenses are included in costs and operating expenses depending
on the nature of the services provided in the statement of operations.

Recently Issued Accounting Standards

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Companys financial
statement.

NOTE 3 INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING

Pursuant to the Initial Public Offering on January
16, 2025, the Company sold 17,250,000 Public Shares, which includes a full exercise by the underwriter of their over-allotment option
at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable public warrant
(Public Warrant). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise
price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 6).

NOTE 4 PRIVATE PLACEMENT

Simultaneously with the closing of the
Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of an aggregate of 672,875 private placement units (each, a Private
Placement Unit) at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit, or Non-Managing Investor Private Placement Security (as
defined below) generating gross proceeds of $6,728,750, as follows: (i) by and among the Company and each of the Underwriters for
the purchase by the Underwriters of an aggregate of 232,875 Private Placement units for an aggregate purchase price of $2,328,750
and (ii) by and between the Company and Plum Partners IV, LLC (the Sponsor) for the purchase by the Sponsor of an
aggregate of 440,000 Private Placement Units and 570,000 restricted Class A ordinary shares (the Restricted Private Placement
Shares, the Restricted Private Placement Shares together with the Private Placement Units purchased by the Sponsor,
collectively, the Non-Managing Investor Private Placement Securities) for an aggregate purchase price of
$4,400,000.

Each Private Placement Unit has an offering
price of $10.00 and consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable Public Warrant. Each whole Public
Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share. The proceeds from the sale
of the Private Placement Units and the Non-Managing Investor Private Placement Securities were added to the net proceeds from the
Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units and the Non-Managing Investor Private Placement Securities held in
the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the
Private Placement Warrants expire worthless.

The Restricted Private Placement Shares are held
by the Sponsor and will be transferred to the non-managing investors (or their designees) only upon the consummation of an initial business
combination. Other than such permitted transfer, the Restricted Private Placement Shares will be subject to transfer restrictions for
90 days following our initial business combination and will be entitled to registration rights.

F-10

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 16, 2025

NOTE 5 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Founder Shares

On June 26, 2024, the Sponsor paid $25,000,
or approximately $0.003 per share in consideration for 7,665,900 Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares) issued
to the Sponsor. On December 6, 2024, the Sponsor surrendered 1,915,900 Founder Shares for no consideration. The initial shareholders currently
hold an aggregate of 5,750,000 Founder Shares.

The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up
to 750,000 shares subject to forfeiture by the holders thereof depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment
option is exercised, so that the number of Founder Shares will collectively represent 25% of the Companys issued and outstanding
shares upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. On January 16, 2025, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option
in full as part of the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As such, the 750,000 Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture.

The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions,
not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business
Combination; and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination,
or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar
transaction that results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for
cash, securities or other property.

During July and August 2024, the Sponsor transferred
75,000 Founder Shares to three director nominees (25,000 shares each) for an aggregate amount of $225, or approximately $0.003 per share.
The sale of the Founders Shares to the Companys directors and directors nominees is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718,
Compensation-Stock Compensation (ASC 718). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified
awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The fair value of the 75,000 shares granted to the Companys director nominees
was $36,750 or $0.49 per share. The Founders Shares were granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., named as directors at the occurrence
of the Initial Public Offering). Compensation expense related to the Founders Shares is recognized only when the performance condition
is probable of occurrence under the applicable accounting literature. Stock-based compensation was recognized upon the consummation of
the Initial Public Offering in an amount equal to the number of Founder Shares times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently
modified) less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founder Shares.

Promissory Note Related Party

On June 26, 2024, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note to the Sponsor (as amended on January 6, 2025, the Promissory Note), pursuant to which the Company may borrow
up to an aggregate principal amount of $500,000. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) February
1, 2025 (as amended) or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. As of January 16, 2025, the Company owed $284,023, which were repaid simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Company paid the Sponsor a note balance of $285,318 causing an overpayment of $1,295, as noted
on the balance sheet as due from Sponsor. Borrowings under this note are no longer available. Subsequent to the balance sheet date, on
January 22, 2025, the Sponsor returned the $1,295 to the Company (Note 9).

Consulting Services

The Chief Executive officer and the Chief Financial
Officer entered into agreements with the Company, commencing on January 16, 2025 through the closing of the Companys Business Combination,
to pay each officer an aggregate of $20,833 per month, subject to availability of sufficient funds from working capital held outside the
Trust Account.

F-11

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 16, 2025

NOTE 5 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
(cont.)

Related Party Loans

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, any of their respective affiliates or certain of the Companys
directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (Working Capital Loans).
If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account
released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the
event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the
Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing,
the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans.
The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lenders
discretion, up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units at a price of $10.00 per unit. The units would
be identical to the Private Placement Units. As of January 16, 2025, there are no Working Capital Loans outstanding.

NOTE 6 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Registration Rights

The holders of the (i) Founder Shares, (ii)
Restricted Private Placement Shares, (iii) Private Placement Units, issued in a private placement simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, private placement shares, private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such
private placement warrants and (iv) private placement units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans are entitled
to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering requiring
the Company to register such securities for resale (in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion to Class A ordinary
shares). The holders of these securities will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that
the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration
statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such
securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will
not be required to effect or permit any registration or cause any registration statement to become effective until termination of the
applicable lock-up period. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidating damages or other cash settlement provisions
resulting from delays in registering the Companys securities. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the
filing of any such registration statements.

Underwriting Agreement

The Company has granted the underwriters a 45-day
option to purchase up to 2,250,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting
commissions. As of January 16, 2025, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters elected to fully
exercise the over-allotment option to purchase the additional 2,250,000 Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit

The underwriters were entitled to (1) an underwriting
discount of $0.20 per Unit, or $3,450,000 in the aggregate, of which (i) $0.065 per unit was paid to the underwriters in cash at
the closing of the Initial Public Offering and (ii) $0.135 per Unit was used by the underwriters to purchase Private Placement Units,
and (2) a deferred fee of $0.40 per Unit, or $6,900,000. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts
held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement and will be based on the amount of funds remaining in the Trust Account after shareholder redemptions of public shares in connection
with the consummation of a Business Combination.

F-12

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 16, 2025

NOTE 6 COMMITMENTS (cont.)

Warrants As of January
16, 2025, there were 8,961,438 warrants outstanding, including 8,625,000 Public Warrants and 336,438 Private Placement Warrants. Public
Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants.
The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) 12 months
from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire seven years from the completion of a Business Combination
or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

The Company will not be obligated to deliver any
Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation to settle such Public Warrant exercise
unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating thereto is available, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations
with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless
basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of
the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption
is available.

The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable,
but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of a Business Combination, it will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective
within 60 business days after the closing of a Business Combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement,
and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement.
Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are, at the time of any exercise of a warrant, not listed on a national
securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the
Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will
not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or
qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.

Redemption of Public Warrants Once
the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants:

in whole and not in part;

at a price of $0.01 per Public Warrant;

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice
of redemption to each warrant holder and

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date
on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to warrant holders.

The Company will not redeem the warrants for cash
unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout
the 30-day redemption period or the Company has elected to require the exercise of the public warrants on a cashless basis. If and when
the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if the Company is unable to register
or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws.

If the Company calls the warrants for redemption
as described in this paragraph, its management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his, her or its warrant
following the notice of redemption to do so on a cashless basis. In the case of such a cashless exercise, each holder would pay the exercise
price by surrendering the Public Warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
(x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair
market value less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value as
used in the preceding sentence shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading
days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the public warrants.
If its management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number
of shares of Class A ordinary shares to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value
in such case.

F-13

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 16, 2025

NOTE 6 COMMITMENTS (cont.)

The Company has established the $18.00 per share
(as adjusted) redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant
premium to the public warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and the Company issues a notice of redemption
of the Public Warrants, each Public Warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its Public Warrant prior to the scheduled
redemption date. However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall below the $18.00 redemption trigger price as well as
the $11.50 Public Warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued.

In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional
ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of its Initial Business Combination
at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be
determined in good faith by its board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to either of the Sponsor or its affiliates, without
taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly
Issued Price), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds,
and interest thereon, available for the funding of its Initial Business Combination on the date of the completion of its Initial Business
Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading
day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial business combination (such
price, the Market Value) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the public warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest
cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

The Private Placement Warrants are identical to
the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or
salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private
Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable.

NOTE 7 SHAREHOLDERS
DEFICIT

Preference Shares The
Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 preference shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share, with such designations, voting and other
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Companys board of directors. At January 16, 2025, there were
no preference shares issued or outstanding.

Class A Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of Class A
ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At January 16, 2025, there are 1,242,875 Class A ordinary shares issued
and outstanding, excluding 17,250,000 Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption.

Class B Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of the Class B
ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At January 16, 2025, there were 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares issued
and outstanding (see Note 5).

F-14

PLUM ACQUISITION CORP. IV

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT

JANUARY 16, 2025

NOTE 7 SHAREHOLDERS
DEFICIT (cont.)

Only holders of Class B ordinary shares will
have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business Combination. Holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders
of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of the Companys shareholders
except as otherwise required by law.

The Class B ordinary shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of a Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one
basis, subject to adjustment.

NOTE 8 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

The fair value of the Companys financial
assets and liabilities reflects managements estimate of amounts that the Company would have received in connection with the sale
of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the Company seeks to maximize the use of
observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions
about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities
based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities:

Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.

Level 2: Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

Level 3: Unobservable inputs based on assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.

The fair value of the Public Warrants is $603,750,
or $0.07 per Public Warrant. The fair value of Public Warrants was determined using Monte Carlo Simulation Model. The Public Warrants
have been classified within shareholders deficit and will not require remeasurement after issuance. The following table presents
the quantitative information regarding market assumptions used in the valuation of the Public Warrants:

January 16, 2025 

Underlying stock price $ 9.98 

Exercise price $ 11.50 

Remaining term (years) 6.74 

Annual volatility 2.9 %

Annual risk-free rate 4.39 %

Pre-adjusted value per share $ 1.43 

Market adjustment 5.0 %

The fair value of the Restricted Shares is $285,000,
or $0.50 per Restricted Share. The fair value of the Restricted Share was determined using Monte Carlo Simulation Model. The Restricted
Shares have been classified within shareholders deficit and will not require remeasurement after issuance. The following table
presents the quantitative information regarding market assumptions used in the valuation of the Restricted Shares:

January 16, 2025 

Unit value $ 10.02 

Volatility 2.9 %

Risk free rate 4.39 %

Public warrant value $ 0.04 

Implied stock value $ 9.98 

Market adjustment 5.0 %

NOTE 9 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions
that occurred after the balance sheet date, up to January 23, 2025, the date that the financial statement is available to be issued.
Based upon this review, other than as noted below, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment
or disclosure in the financial statement.

On January 22, 2025 the Sponsor repaid the overpayment
of $1,295 to the Company.

F-15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>