<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-002543.txt : 20250116
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-002543.hdr.sgml : 20250116
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250116150017
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-002543
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250110
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Triggering Events That Accelerate or Increase a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250116
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250116

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NAYA Biosciences, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001417926
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				204036208
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39701
		FILM NUMBER:		25535530

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5582 BROADCAST COURT
		CITY:			SARASOTA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34240
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(978) 878-9505

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5582 BROADCAST COURT
		CITY:			SARASOTA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34240

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INVO Bioscience, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090106

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EMY'S SALSA AJI DISTRIBUTION COMPANY, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071108
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000141792600014179262025-01-102025-01-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 10, 2025

NAYA
BIOSCIENCES, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-39701 20-4036208

(State
or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS
Employer 

Identification No.)

5582
Broadcast Court

Sarasota,
Florida34240

(Address
of principal executive offices)

(Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (978)878-9505

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Common
Stock, $0.0001 par value NAYA The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Title
of Each Class) (Trading
Symbol) (Name
of Each Exchange on Which Registered)

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (CFR 230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (CFR 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On January
14, 2025, NAYA Biosciences, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), consummated a public offering (the Offering)
of 13,615,171 units (Units), each consisting of either one share of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock), or one pre-funded warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock (Pre-Funded Warrants) in lieu thereof, and
one warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock at an offering price of $0.70 per Unit. The warrants are exercisable from and after
the date of their issuance and expire on the five-year anniversary of such date, at an exercise price of $0.70 per share of Common Stock.
Each Pre-Funded Warrant is immediately exercisable at an exercise price of $0.0001 per share and may be exercised at any time until all
of the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. In connection with the Offering, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement
(the Purchase Agreement) with certain institutional investors who purchased Units in this Offering.

The
securities issued in the Offering were offered pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No.
333-283872) (the Registration Statement), initially filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
SEC) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), on December 17, 2024 and declared
effective on January 13, 2025.

The
Company closed the Offering on January 14, 2015, raising gross proceeds of approximately $9.5 million before deducting placement agent
fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company.

The
Company intends to utilize (i) up to $2,500,000 of the net proceeds to fund the second installment of the purchase price for the Wisconsin
Fertility Institute; (ii) $4,000,000 to redeem 4,000 shares of the Companys Series C-2 preferred stock with a stated value of
$4,000,000; (iii) up to $1,950,000 towards outstanding debt obligations that are or will become payable upon completion of the Offering
and that the Company does not otherwise restructure or refinance, and (iv) the balance of the net proceeds of the Offering for
clinical trials, product development, marketing, strengthening the corporate management team, working capital, and general corporate
purposes.

Also
in connection with the Offering, on January 13, 2025, the Company entered into a placement agency agreement (the Placement Agency
Agreement) with Maxim Group LLC (the Placement Agent), pursuant to which (i) the Placement Agent agreed to act as
lead placement agent on a best efforts basis in connection with the Offering, and (ii) the Company agreed to pay the Placement
Agent an aggregate fee equal to 6.5% of the gross proceeds raised in the Offering (or 5.0% in the case of certain investors) and warrants
to purchase up to 746,357 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.875 per share (the Placement Agent Warrants).
The Placement Agent Warrants are exercisable at any time after the six-month anniversary of the closing date, from time to time, in whole
or in part, until five (5) years from the commencement of sales of the securities in the Offering. Additionally, the Company reimbursed
the Placement Agent for certain expenses and legal fees up to $90,000.

The
Placement Agency Agreement and the Purchase Agreement contain customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary
conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company, the Placement Agent, or the investors, as the case may be and other
obligations of the parties.

Pursuant
to the terms of the Purchase Agreements and the Placement Agency Agreements, the Company has agreed that for a period of up to
ninety (90) days from the closing of this Offering, that neither the Company nor any subsidiary may (i) issue, enter into any agreement
to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents or (ii) file any registration
statement or prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, in each case, subject to certain exceptions. The Company has also agreed
not to effect or enter into an agreement to effect any issuance of Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents involving a
Variable Rate Transaction, as defined in the Purchase Agreements, for a period of up to twelve (12) months following the closing of the
Offering, subject to certain exceptions.

On
January 14, 2025, the Company entered into a warrant agency agreement (the Warrant Agent Agreement), with Transfer Online,
Inc. appointing Transfer Online, Inc. as Warrant Agent for the Warrants.

In
connection with the Offering, on January 13, 2025, the Company entered into a Class C-2 Preferred Stock Redemption Agreement (the Redemption
Agreement) with Five Narrow Lane, LP (FNL), pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase and acquire from FNL
4,000 shares of the Companys Series C-2 Convertible Preferred Stock (the C-2 Preferred Stock) for $4,000,000. Accrued
dividends of $104,444.44, plus any other accrued payments under the Certificate of Designations for the C-2 Preferred Stock, remain outstanding.

The
foregoing does not purport to be a complete description of each of the Placement Agency Agreement, the Warrant Agency Agreement, the
Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrants, the Placement Agent Warrants, the Purchase Agreement, and the Redemption Agreement and is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the full text of each of such document, which are filed as Exhibits 1.1, 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4, 10.1, and
10.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Form 8-K) and incorporated herein by reference.

Item
2.04 Triggering Events that Accelerate or Increase a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement.

The
applicable information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Form 8-K with respect to the potential use of proceeds of the Offering is incorporated
herein by reference.

As
a result of the Offering, we were required to apply $500,000 of the gross proceeds of the Offering to the redemption of the principal
amount of a 7.0% Senior Secured Convertible Debenture in the principal balance of $4,434,146 due December 11, 2025 held by FNL.

As
a result of the Offering, we were required to repay the outstanding amount owed of $129,800 under a convertible promissory note held
by FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC.

As
a result of the Offering, we were required to repay the outstanding amount owed of $281,156 under certain convertible promissory notes
issued in January and March 2023.

Item
3.01. Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

On
January 10, 2025, the Company received notice (the Notice) from the staff (the Staff) of The Nasdaq Stock
Market LLC (Nasdaq) advising the Company that it no longer complies with Nasdaq Listing Rules 5620(a) and 5801(s)(2)(G)
that require companies listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market to hold an annual meeting of shareholders (an ASM) within twelve
months of the fiscal years end (the ASM Rule). The Company did not hold an ASM in its fiscal year ended December
31, 2024. The Notice has no immediate effect on the listing of the Companys common stock and the Companys common stock
continues to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol NAYA.

Pursuant
to the Notice, Nasdaq has given the Company 45 calendar days, or until February 24, 2025, to submit to Nasdaq a plan to regain compliance.
If the Companys plan is accepted, Nasdaq may grant an extension of up to 180 calendar days from the fiscal year end, or until
June 30, 2025, to evidence compliance.

The
Company intends to hold the ASM in March 2025. At the ASM, the Companys stockholders will be asked to (i) elect directors, (ii)
ratify the Companys auditors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, (iii) approve an increase in the amount of authorized
shares under the Companys Second Amended and Restated 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, (iv) approve the issuance of the Companys
common stock issuable upon conversion of the Companys Series C-1 Convertible Preferred Stock and the Series C-2 Preferred, and
(v) approve an amendment to the Companys articles of incorporation to (1) increase the number of shares of the Companys
authorized common stock to at least 100,000,000 shares, and (2) effectuate a reverse stock split of the Companys common stock
at a ratio ranging from any whole number between 1-for-2 and 1-for-20, as determined by the Companys board of directors in its
discretion.

The
Company plans to timely submit its plan to Nasdaq to regain compliance with the ASM Rule. There can be no assurance that the Companys
plan will be accepted or that if it is, the Company will be able to regain compliance. If the Companys plan to regain compliance
is not accepted, or if it is and the Company does not regain compliance within 180 days from the date of the Notice, or if the Company
fails to satisfy another Nasdaq requirement for continued listing, Nasdaq could provide notice that the Companys common stock
will become subject to delisting. In such event, Nasdaq rules would permit the Company to appeal the decision to reject the Companys
proposed compliance plan or any delisting determination to a Nasdaq Hearings Panel. The hearing request would stay any suspension or
delisting action pending the conclusion of the hearing process and the expiration of any additional extension period granted by the panel
following the hearing.

Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This
Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements that express the Companys intentions,
beliefs, expectations, strategies, predictions or any other statements related to the Companys future activities, or future events
or conditions, which can be identified by terminology such as may, will, expects, anticipates,
aims, potential, future, intends, plans, believes,
estimates, continue, likely to and other similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking
statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements are not historical facts and
are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about the Companys business based, in part, on assumptions made
by its management, including, without limitation, the intended use of proceeds of the Offering. These statements are
not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, many of which are
beyond the Companys control, including, among other things, the Companys ability to maintain its listing of Common Stock
on the Nasdaq Capital Market, and those risks that may be included in the periodic reports and other filings that the Company files from
time to time with the SEC, which may cause the Companys actual results, performance and achievements to differ materially from
those contained in any forward-looking statement. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and
the Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this
Form 8-K, except as required by applicable law.

Item
7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

The
Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering on January 13, 2025. A copy of such press release is furnished
herewith as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference. The information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished
and shall not be deemed filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any of the Companys filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference to this Form 8-K in such
filing.

Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit Description

1.1 Placement Agency Agreement by and between the Company and the Placement Agent dated January 13, 2025.

4.1 Warrant Agency Agreement dated as of January 14, 2025 between the Company and Transfer Online, Inc.

4.2 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant

4.3 Global Warrant

4.4 Form of Placement Agent Warrant

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and certain investors dated January 13, 2025.

10.2 Class C-2 Preferred Stock Redemption Agreement

99.1 Pricing Press Release dated January 13, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
January 16, 2025

NAYA
BIOSCIENCES, INC.

By: /s/
Steven Shum 

Steven
Shum

Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex1-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
1.1

PLACEMENT
AGENCY AGREEMENT

January
13, 2025

Maxim
Group LLC

300
Park Avenue, 16th Floor

New
York, NY 10022

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

Subject
to the terms and conditions herein (this Agreement), NAYA Biosciences, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company),
hereby agrees to sell up to an aggregate of $9,530,619.70 of registered (a) (i) shares (Shares) of the Companys
common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock), and (ii) common warrants to purchase shares of Common
Stock (the Common Warrants) or (b) (i) pre-funded common stock purchase warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock
(the Pre-Funded Warrants) (the shares of Common Stock underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Common Warrants,
the Warrant Shares, and the Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares, the Securities),
and (ii) related Common Warrants, directly to various investors (each, an Investor and, collectively, the Investors)
through Maxim Group LLC as placement agent (the Placement Agent). The documents executed and delivered by the Company
and the Investors in connection with the Offering (as defined below), including, without limitation, a securities purchase agreement
(the Purchase Agreement), shall be collectively referred to herein as the Transaction Documents.
The purchase price to the Investors for the Securities will be determined based on negotiation between the Company, the Placement Agent,
and the Investors. The Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected-dealers on its behalf in
connection with the Offering.

The
Company hereby confirms its agreement with the Placement Agent as follows:

Section 1. Agreement to Act as Placement Agent.

(a)
On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements of the Company herein contained, and subject to all the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, the Placement Agent shall be the exclusive placement agent (except as carved out in Section 1. of the Engagement Agreement
(as defined below)) in connection with the offering and sale by the Company of the Securities pursuant to the Companys registration
statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-283872) (and including any registration statement prepared and filed by the Company in accordance
with Rule 462(b) pursuant to the Securities Act) (the Registration Statement), with the terms of such offering (the
Offering) to be subject to market conditions and negotiations between the Company, the Placement Agent and the prospective
Investors. The Placement Agent will act on a reasonable best efforts basis and the Company agrees and acknowledges that there is no guarantee
of the successful placement of the Securities, or any portion thereof, in the prospective Offering. Under no circumstances will the Placement
Agent or any of its Affiliates (as defined below) be obligated to underwrite or purchase any of the Securities for its
own account or otherwise provide any financing. The Placement Agent shall act solely as the Companys agent and not as principal.
The Placement Agent shall have no authority to bind the Company with respect to any prospective offer to purchase Securities and the
Company shall have the sole right to accept offers to purchase Securities and may reject any such offer, in whole or in part. Subject
to the terms and conditions hereof, payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the Securities shall be made at one or more closings
(each a Closing and the date on which each Closing occurs, a Closing Date). The Closing of
the issuance of the Securities shall occur via Delivery Versus Payment, i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue
the Securities directly to the account designated by the Placement Agent and, upon receipt of such Securities, the Placement Agent shall
electronically deliver such Securities to the applicable Investor and payment shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm)
by wire transfer to the Company. As compensation for services rendered, on each Closing Date, the Company shall pay to the Placement
Agent the consideration set forth below:

(i)
A cash fee equal to 6.5% of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Securities at the closing of the Offering
(the Closing) provided, however, that such fee shall be five percent (5.0%) on any funds received by the Company
from LH Financial (LHF) or any of its affiliates.

(ii)
A common stock purchase warrant, issued to Maxim Partners LLC (or other designees of the Placement Agent) (the Placement Agents
Warrant) to purchase a number of shares of Common Stock equal to eight percent (8.0%) of the total number of Shares and Pre-Funded
Warrants sold in the Offering (or five percent (5.0%) of the total number of Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants sold in the Offering to
LHF or any of its affiliates). The Placement Agents Warrants will be non-exercisable for six (6) months after the Closing
Date and will expire five (5) years from the commencement of sales in the Offering. The Placement Agents Warrants will be exercisable
at a price equal to 125% of the Common Units in connection with the Offering. The Placement Agents Warrants shall not be redeemable.
The Company will register the shares of Common Stock underlying the Placement Agents Warrants under the Securities Act and will
file all necessary undertakings in connection therewith. The Placement Agents Warrants may not be sold, transferred, assigned,
pledged or hypothecated or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result in the effective
economic disposition of such securities by any person for a period of 180 days from the commencement of sales of the Offering, except
as provided in FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2) including to any officer, partner, registered person or affiliate of the Placement Agent and to
members of the selling group. The Placement Agents Warrants may be exercised as to all or a lesser number of shares of Common
Stock, will provide for cashless exercise and will contain provisions for one demand registration of the sale of the underlying shares
of Common Stock and unlimited piggyback registration rights for a period of five years from the commencement of sales of
the Offering at the Companys expense. The Placement Agents Warrants shall further provide for limited, customary anti-dilution
protections resulting from stock dividends, splits and recapitalizations in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8).

(b) The
term of the Placement Agents exclusive engagement (except as carved out in Section 1. of the Engagement Agreement) will be as
set forth in the Engagement Agreement (as defined below). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions concerning
confidentiality, indemnification and contribution contained herein and the Companys obligations contained in the indemnification
provisions will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement, and the Companys obligation to pay fees actually earned
and payable and to reimburse expenses actually incurred and reimbursable pursuant to Section 1 hereof and which are permitted to be reimbursed
under FINRA Rule 5110(g)(4)(A), will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed
to limit the ability of the Placement Agent or its Affiliates to pursue, investigate, analyze, invest in, or engage in investment banking,
financial advisory or any other business relationship with Persons (as defined below) other than the Company. As used herein (i) Persons
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind and (ii) Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act).

Section 2.Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Placement Agent as of the date hereof, and as of each Closing Date, as follows:

(a) Securities
Law Filings. The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) the Registration
Statement under the Securities Act, which was initially filed on December 17, 2024, as amended, and declared effective on January 13,
2025 for the registration of the Securities under the Securities Act. Following the determination of pricing among the Company and the
prospective Investors introduced to the Company by the Placement Agent, the Company will file with the Commission pursuant to Rules 430A
and 424(b) under the Securities Act, and the rules and regulations (the Rules and Regulations) of the Commission
promulgated thereunder, a final prospectus relating to the placement of the Securities, their respective pricings and the plan of distribution
thereof and will advise the Placement Agent of all further information (financial and other) with respect to the Company required to
be set forth therein. Such registration statement, at any given time, including the exhibits thereto filed at such time, as amended at
such time, is hereinafter called the Registration Statement; such prospectus in the form in which it appears in
the Registration Statement at the time of effectiveness is hereinafter called the Preliminary Prospectus; and the
final prospectus, in the form in which it will be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rules 430A and/or 424(b) (including the Preliminary
Prospectus as it may be amended or supplemented) is hereinafter called the Final Prospectus. The Registration Statement
at the time it originally became effective is hereinafter called the Original Registration Statement. Any reference
in this Agreement to the Registration Statement, the Original Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Final Prospectus
shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein (the Incorporated Documents),
if any, which were or are filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), at any
given time, as the case may be; and any reference in this Agreement to the terms amend, amendment or supplement
with respect to the Registration Statement, the Original Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Final Prospectus shall
be deemed to refer to and include the filing of any document under the Exchange Act after the date of this Agreement, or the issue date
of the Preliminary Prospectus or the Final Prospectus, as the case may be, deemed to be incorporated therein by reference. All references
in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is contained, included,
described, referenced, set forth or stated in the Registration Statement, the
Preliminary Prospectus or the Final Prospectus (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such
financial statements and schedules and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement,
the Preliminary Prospectus or the Final Prospectus, as the case may be. As used in this paragraph and elsewhere in this Agreement, Time
of Sale Disclosure Package means the Preliminary Prospectus, any securities purchase agreement between the Company and the
Investors, the final terms of the Offering provided to the Investors (orally or in writing) and any issuer free writing prospectus as
defined in Rule 433 of the Act (each, an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus), if any, that the parties hereto shall
hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Time of Sale Disclosure Package. The term any Prospectus
shall mean, as the context requires, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Final Prospectus, and any supplement to either thereof. The Company
has not received any notice that the Commission has issued or intends to issue a stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement or the use of the Preliminary Prospectus or any prospectus supplement or intends to commence a proceeding for any such purpose.

(b) Assurances.
The Original Registration Statement, as amended (and any further documents to be filed with the Commission) contains all exhibits and
schedules as required by the Securities Act. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time
it became effective, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations and did not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading. The Preliminary Prospectus and the Final Prospectus, each as of its respective date, comply or will comply in
all material respects with the Securities Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations. Each of the Preliminary Prospectus and the Final
Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, did not and will not contain as of the date thereof any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. The Incorporated Documents, when they were filed with the Commission, conformed in all material respects to the
requirements of the Exchange Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations promulgated thereunder, and none of such documents, when they
were filed with the Commission, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements therein (with respect to Incorporated Documents incorporated by reference in the Preliminary Prospectus or Final Prospectus),
in light of the circumstances under which they were made not misleading. No post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement reflecting
any facts or events arising after the date thereof which represent, individually or in the aggregate, a fundamental change in the information
set forth therein is required to be filed with the Commission. Except for this Agreement and the Transaction Documents, there are no
documents required to be filed with the Commission in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby that (x) have not been filed
as required pursuant to the Securities Act or (y) will not be filed within the requisite time period. Except for this Agreement and the
Transaction Documents, there are no contracts or other documents required to be described in the Preliminary Prospectus or Final Prospectus,
or to be filed as exhibits or schedules to the Registration Statement, which have not been described or filed as required.

(c) Offering
Materials. Neither the Company nor any of its directors and officers has distributed and none of them will distribute, prior to each
Closing Date, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities other than the Time of Sale Disclosure
Package.

(d) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution
and delivery of each of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Companys
Board of Directors (the Board of Directors) or the Companys shareholders in connection therewith other than
in connection with the Required Approvals (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). This Agreement has been duly executed by the Company
and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as
limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar
as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(e) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated pursuant to
the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby to which it is a party do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any
Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with,
or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation
of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, as defined in the Securities Purchase
Agreement.

(f) Certificates.
Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Placement Agent or to counsel for the Placement Agent shall
be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company to the Placement Agent as to the matters set forth therein.

(g) Reliance.
The Company acknowledges that the Placement Agent will rely upon the accuracy and truthfulness of the foregoing representations and warranties
and hereby consents to such reliance.

(h) Forward-Looking
Statements. No forward-looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange
Act) contained in the Time of Sale Disclosure Package has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other
than in good faith.

(i) Statistical
or Market-Related Data. Any statistical, industry-related and market-related data included or incorporated by reference in the Time
of Sale Disclosure Package, are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes to be reliable
and accurate, and such data agree with the sources from which they are derived.

(j) Certain
Fees; FINRA Affiliations. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, no brokerage or finders fees or
commissions are or will be payable by the Company, any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company to any broker, financial advisor or consultant,
finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
There are no other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its shareholders
that may affect the Placement Agents compensation, as determined by FINRA. Other than payments to the Placement Agent for this
Offering or as set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, the Company has not made and has no agreements, arrangements or
understanding to make any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee,
consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who
raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member participating in the offering as defined in FINRA Rule 5110 (a Participating
Member); or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any Participating Member,
within the 180-day period preceding the initial filing of the Registration Statement through the 60-day period after the Effective Date.
None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any Participating Member or its affiliates, except as specifically
authorized herein. To the Companys knowledge, no officer, director or any beneficial owner of 10% or more of the Companys
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) has any direct or indirect affiliation or
association with any Participating Member in the Offering. Except for securities purchased on the open market, no Company Affiliate is
an owner of stock or other securities of any Participating Member. No Company Affiliate has made a subordinated loan to any Participating
Member. No proceeds from the sale of the Securities (excluding Placement Agent compensation as disclosed in the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus) will be paid to any Participating Member, any persons associated with a Participating Member or an affiliate of a
Participating Member. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus, the Company has not issued any warrants or other securities or granted any
options, directly or indirectly, to the Placement Agent within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Prospectus.
Except for securities issued to the Placement Agent as disclosed in the Prospectus, no person to whom securities of the Company have
been privately issued within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Prospectus is a Participating Member, is a person
associated with a Participating Member or is an affiliate of a Participating Member. To the Companys knowledge, no Participating
Member in the Offering has a conflict of interest with the Company. For this purpose, a conflict of interest exists when
a Participating Member, the parent or affiliate of a Participating Member or any person associated with a Participating Member in the
aggregate beneficially own 10% or more of the Companys outstanding subordinated debt or common equity, or 10% or more of the Companys
preferred equity. FINRA member participating in the Offering includes any associated person of a Participating Member in
the Offering, any member of such associated persons immediate family and any affiliate of a Participating Member in the Offering.
When used in this Section 3.1(j) the term affiliate of a FINRA member or affiliated with a FINRA member means
an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a FINRA member. The Company will advise the Placement Agent
and its legal counsel, Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP (the Placement Agent Counsel) if it learns that any officer,
director or owner of 10% or more of the Companys outstanding Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents is or becomes an affiliate
or associated person of a Participating Member.

(k) Board
of Directors. Except as disclosed in the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the Board of Directors is comprised of the persons set
forth under the heading of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K captioned Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance. The qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the Board of Directors comply
with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company and the rules of the Nasdaq Capital
Market (the Trading Market). In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on the Board of Directors qualify
as independent as defined under the rules of the Trading Market.

(l) D&O
Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires most recently completed by each
of the Companys directors and officers is true and correct in all respects and the Company has not become aware of any information
which would cause the information disclosed in such questionnaires to become inaccurate and incorrect.

(m) Representations,
Warranties and Covenants Incorporated by Reference. Each of the representations, warranties and covenants (together with any related
disclosure schedules thereto) made to the Investors in the Purchase Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by reference (as though fully
restated herein) and is hereby made to, and in favor of, the Placement Agent.

Section 3.Delivery and Payment. Each Closing shall occur at the offices of the Placement Agent Counsel at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10105 (or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Placement Agent and the Company). Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, at each Closing payment of the purchase price for the Securities sold on such Closing Date shall be made by Federal Funds wire transfer, against delivery of such Securities, and such Securities shall be registered in such name or names and shall be in such denominations, as the Placement Agent may request at least one business day before the time of purchase (as defined below).

Deliveries
of the documents with respect to the purchase of the Securities, if any, shall be made at the offices of Placement Agent Counsel. All
actions taken at a Closing shall be deemed to have occurred simultaneously.

Section 4.Covenants and Agreements of the Company. The Company further covenants and agrees with the Placement Agent as follows:

(a) Registration
Statement Matters. The Company will advise the Placement Agent promptly after it receives notice thereof of the time when any amendment
to the Registration Statement has been filed or becomes effective or any supplement to the Final Prospectus has been filed and will furnish
the Placement Agent with copies thereof. The Company will file promptly all reports and any definitive proxy or information statements
required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 13(a), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act subsequent to the
date of any Prospectus and for so long as the delivery of a prospectus is required in connection with the Offering. The Company will
advise the Placement Agent, promptly after it receives notice thereof (i) of any request by the Commission to amend the Registration
Statement or to amend or supplement any Prospectus or for additional information, (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop
order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or any order directed at any
Incorporated Document, if any, or any amendment or supplement thereto or any order preventing or suspending the use of the Preliminary
Prospectus or the Final Prospectus or any prospectus supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto or any post-effective amendment
to the Registration Statement, of the suspension of the qualification of the Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, of
the institution or threatened institution of any proceeding for any such purpose, or of any request by the Commission for the amending
or supplementing of the Registration Statement or a Prospectus or for additional information, (iii) of
the issuance by any state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Securities for offering
or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery
to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any comments
or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening of any event during the period described in
this Section 4(a) that, in the judgment of the Company, makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration Statement or
the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company shall use its best efforts
to prevent the issuance of any such stop order or prevention or suspension of such use. If the Commission shall enter any such stop order
or order or notice of prevention or suspension at any time, the Company will use its best efforts to obtain the lifting of such order
at the earliest possible moment, or will file a new registration statement and use its best efforts to have such new registration statement
declared effective as soon as practicable. Additionally, the Company agrees that it shall comply with the provisions of Rules 424(b),
430A, 430B and 430C, as applicable, under the Securities Act, including with respect to the timely filing of documents thereunder, and
will use its reasonable efforts to confirm that any filings made by the Company under such Rule 424(b) are received in a timely manner
by the Commission.

(b) Blue
Sky Compliance. The Company will cooperate with the Placement Agent and the Investors in endeavoring to qualify the Securities for
sale under the securities laws of such jurisdictions (United States and foreign) as the Placement Agent and the Investors may reasonably
request and will make such applications, file such documents, and furnish such information as may be reasonably required for that purpose,
provided the Company shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to file a general consent to service of process in
any jurisdiction where it is not now so qualified or required to file such a consent, and provided further that the Company shall not
be required to produce any new disclosure document. The Company will, from time to time, prepare and file such statements, reports and
other documents as are or may be required to continue such qualifications in effect for so long a period as the Placement Agent may reasonably
request for distribution of the Securities. The Company will advise the Placement Agent promptly of the suspension of the qualification
or registration of (or any such exemption relating to) the Securities for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any initiation
or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of any order suspending such qualification, registration
or exemption, the Company shall use its best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest possible moment.

(c) Amendments
and Supplements to a Prospectus and Other Matters. The Company will comply with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and the
rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Securities as contemplated
in this Agreement, the Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus. If during the period in which a prospectus is required by law to be
delivered in connection with the distribution of Securities contemplated by the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus (the Prospectus
Delivery Period), any event shall occur as a result of which, in the judgment of the Company or in the opinion of the Placement
Agent or counsel for the Placement Agent, it becomes necessary to amend or supplement the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus in
order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading,
or if it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus or to file under the Exchange Act
any Incorporated Document to comply with any law, the Company will promptly prepare and file with the Commission, and furnish at its
own expense to the Placement Agent and to dealers, an appropriate amendment to the Registration Statement or supplement to the Registration
Statement, the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus that is necessary in order to make the statements in the Incorporated Documents
and any Prospectus as so amended or supplemented, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, as the case may be, not
misleading, or so that the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus, as so amended or supplemented, will
comply with law. Before amending the Registration Statement or supplementing the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus in connection
with the Offering, the Company will furnish the Placement Agent with a copy of such proposed amendment or supplement and will not file
any such amendment or supplement to which the Placement Agent reasonably objects.

(d) Copies
of any Amendments and Supplements to a Prospectus. The Company will furnish the Placement Agent, without charge, during the period
beginning on the date hereof and ending on the later of the last Closing Date of the Offering, as many copies of any Prospectus or prospectus
supplement and any amendments and supplements thereto, as the Placement Agent may reasonably request.

(e) Free
Writing Prospectus. The Company covenants that it will not, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, make
any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute a Company Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a free
writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) required to be filed by the Company with the Commission
or retained by the Company under Rule 433 of the Securities Act. In the event that the Placement Agent expressly consents in writing
to any such free writing prospectus (a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus), the Company covenants that it shall (i)
treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Company Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) comply with the requirements of Rule 164
and 433 of the Securities Act applicable to such Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission,
legending and record keeping.

(f) Transfer
Agent. The Company will maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Shares.

(g) Earnings
Statement. As soon as practicable and in accordance with applicable requirements under the Securities Act, but in any event not later
than 18 months after the last Closing Date, the Company will make generally available to its security holders and to the Placement Agent
an earnings statement, covering a period of at least 12 consecutive months beginning after the last Closing Date, that satisfies the
provisions of Section 11(a) and Rule 158 under the Securities Act.

(h) Periodic
Reporting Obligations. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will duly file, on a timely basis, with the Commission
and the Trading Market all reports and documents required to be filed under the Exchange Act within the time periods and in the manner
required by the Exchange Act.

(i) Additional
Documents. The Company will enter into any subscription, purchase or other customary agreements as the Placement Agent or the Investors
deem necessary or appropriate to consummate the Offering, all of which will be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Placement
Agent and the Investors. The Company agrees that the Placement Agent may rely upon, and each is a third party beneficiary of, the representations
and warranties, and applicable covenants, set forth in any such purchase, subscription or other agreement with Investors in the Offering.

(j) No
Manipulation of Price. Neither the Company, nor to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or shareholders, has taken
or will take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to cause or
result in, under the Exchange Act, or otherwise stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of the Securities.

(k) Acknowledgment.
The Company acknowledges that any advice given by the Placement Agent to the Company is solely for the benefit and use of the Board of
Directors of the Company and may not be used, reproduced, disseminated, quoted or referred to, without the Placement Agents prior
written consent.

(l) Announcement
of Offering. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agent may, subsequent to the Closing, make public its involvement
with the Offering.

(m) Reliance
on Others. The Company confirms that it will rely on its own counsel and accountants for legal and accounting advice.

(n) Research
Matters. By entering into this Agreement, the Placement Agent does not provide any promise, either explicitly or implicitly, of favorable
or continued research coverage of the Company and the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agents selection
as a placement agent for the Offering was in no way conditioned, explicitly or implicitly, on the Placement Agent providing favorable
or any research coverage of the Company. In accordance with FINRA Rule 2241(b)(2), the parties acknowledge and agree that the Placement
Agent has not directly or indirectly offered favorable research, a specific rating or a specific price target, or threatened to change
research, a rating or a price target, to the Company or inducement for the receipt of business or compensation. The Company hereby waives
and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Placement Agent with respect to
any conflict of interest that may arise from the fact that the views expressed by their independent research analysts and research departments
may be different from or inconsistent with the views or advice communicated to the Company by the Placement Agents investment
banking divisions. The Company acknowledges that the Placement Agent is a full service securities firm and as such from time to time,
subject to applicable securities laws, may effect transactions for its own account or the account of its customers and hold long or short
position in debt or equity securities of the Company.

(o) Subsequent
Equity Sales.

(i) From
the date hereof until ninety (90) days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any
agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii) file any registration
statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than the Prospectus or a resale registration statement registering the resale of
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Companys Series C-1 Preferred Stock,Series C-2 Preferred Stock and
Companys Senior Secured Convertible Debenture Due December 11, 2025 (as amended from time to time, the Debenture)
outstanding as of the date hereof, or filing a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with any employee benefit plan, in each
case without prior written consent of the Placement Agent.

(ii) From
the date hereof until twelve (12) months after the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement
to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units
thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction, issuances of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents pursuant to the Certificate of
Designation for the Series C-2 Preferred Stock and the Debenture, or any adjustments, amendments, waivers, or modifications pursuant
to the Certificate of Designation for the Series C-2 Preferred Stock and the Debenture. Variable Rate Transaction means
a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable
for, or include the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate
or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after
the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being
reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent
events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects
a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering,
whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually
been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled; provided, however, with the written consent of the Placement
Agent, 90 days after the Closing Date, the entry into and/or issuance of shares of Common Stock in an at the market offering
or equity line of credit with the Placement Agent as sales agent shall not be deemed a Variable Rate Transaction. The Placement
Agent shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition
to any right to collect damages.

(iii) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 4(o) shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction shall be
an Exempt Issuance. An Exempt Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock, options, restricted stock
units and similar equity incentive units to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock option or equity incentive
plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members
of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities upon the exercise
or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued in the offering contemplated hereby and pursuant to the Prospectus, warrants to
the Placement Agent in connection with the offering of the Securities and any securities upon exercise of the warrants to the Placement
Agent and/or securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date
of the Securities Purchase Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, upon conversion of the Companys Series C-1 Preferred
Stock,Series C-2 Preferred Stock, and the Companys Senior Secured Convertible Debenture Due December 11, 2025), provided that
such securities have not been amended since the date of the Securities Purchase Agreement to increase the number of such securities or
to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with (i) stock splits
or combinations or in connection with anti-dilution adjustments or resets in effect as of the date hereof with respect to such securities,
other than the Certificate of Designation for Series C-2 Preferred Stock and the Debenture (as defined herein), or (ii) stock splits
or combinations or in connection with anti-dilution adjustments or resets or any other price adjustment provisions set forth in the Certificate
of Designation for Series C-2 Preferred Stock and the Debenture, as such Certificate of Designation for Series C-2 Preferred Stock and
the Debenture may be amended or modified from time to time)), (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions
approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities
(as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection
therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4(o)(i) herein, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or
to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business
synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds,
but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an
entity whose primary business is investing in securities, and (d) up to $13,000,000.00 of Securities issued to other purchasers pursuant
to the Prospectus concurrently with the Closing at the Per Share Purchase Price, less the aggregate Subscription Amount pursuant to this
Agreement

(iv) Capital
Changes. Except (a) for a reverse stock split of the Companys common stock at a ratio ranging from any whole number between
1-for-2 and 1-for-20, as described in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 15, 2024, (b) for
a reverse stock split effected in connection with maintaining compliance with the rules of any Trading Market, and (c)as provided with
the written consent of the Placement Agent, until the one-year anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company shall not undertake a reverse
or forward stock split or reclassification of the Common Stock.

(p) Lock-Up
Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any of the Lock-Up Agreements except to extend
the term of the lock-up period and shall enforce the provisions of each Lock-Up Agreement in accordance with its terms. If any party
to a Lock-Up Agreement breaches any provision of a Lock-Up Agreement, the Company shall promptly use its best efforts to seek specific
performance of the terms of such Lock-Up Agreement.

(q) FINRA.
The Company shall advise the Placement Agent (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is aware that any officer, director,
10% or greater shareholder of the Company or Person that received the Companys unregistered equity securities in the past 180
days is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member firm prior to the earlier of the termination of this Agreement
or the 60-day period after the Effective Date

Section 5.Conditions of the Obligations of the Placement Agent. The obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 2 hereof, in each case as of the date hereof and as of each Closing Date as though then made, to the timely performance by each of the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder on and as of such dates, and to each of the following additional conditions:

(a) Accountants
Comfort Letters. On the date hereof, the Placement Agent shall have received, and the Company shall have caused to be delivered to
the Placement Agent, a letter from M&K CPAS, PLCC. (the current independent registered public accounting firm of the Company), addressed
to the Placement Agent, dated as of the date hereof, in form and substance satisfactory to the Placement Agent. The letter shall not
disclose any change in the condition (financial or other), earnings, operations, business or prospects of the Company from that set forth
in the Incorporated Documents or the applicable Prospectus or prospectus supplement, which, in the Placement Agents sole judgment,
is material and adverse and that makes it, in the Placement Agents sole judgment, impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with
the Offering of the Securities as contemplated by such Prospectus.

(b) Compliance
with Registration Requirements; No Stop Order; No Objection from the FINRA. Each Prospectus (in accordance with Rule 424(b)) and
free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act), if any, shall have been duly filed with
the Commission, as appropriate; no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any part thereof shall have
been issued and no proceeding for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; no order preventing or suspending
the use of any Prospectus shall have been issued and no proceeding for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission;
no order having the effect of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Securities or any other securities of the Company shall have
been issued by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange and no proceedings for that purpose shall
have been instituted or shall be pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by any securities commission, securities regulatory
authority or stock exchange; all requests for additional information on the part of the Commission shall have been complied with; and
FINRA shall have raised no objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the placement terms and arrangements.

(c) Corporate
Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters in connection with this Agreement, the Registration Statement and
each Prospectus, and the registration, sale and delivery of the Securities, shall have been completed or resolved in a manner reasonably
satisfactory to the Placement Agents counsel, and such counsel shall have been furnished with such papers and information as it
may reasonably have requested to enable such counsel to pass upon the matters referred to in this Section 5.

(d) No
Material Adverse Change. Subsequent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to each Closing Date, in the Placement
Agents sole judgment after consultation with the Company, there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Effect or any material
adverse change or development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or the business activities, financial
or otherwise, of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus
(Material Adverse Change).

(e) Opinion
of Counsels for the Company. The Placement Agent shall have received on each Closing Date (i) the favorable opinion of Glaser Weil
Fink Jordan Howard & Shapiro LLP, counsel to the Company, dated as of such Closing Date, including, without limitation, a negative
assurance letter addressed to the Placement Agent and in form and substance satisfactory to the Placement Agent, and (ii) the favorable
opinion of Pearl Cohen Zedek Latzer Baratz, intellectual property legal counsel to the Company, addressed to the Placement Agent in form
and substance satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

(f) Officers
Certificate. The Placement Agent shall have received on each Closing Date a certificate of the Company, dated as of such Closing
Date, signed by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, to the effect that, and the Placement Agent shall
be satisfied that, the signers of such certificate have reviewed the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents, the Prospectus,
and this Agreement and to the further effect that:

(i) The
representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct, as if made on and as of such Closing Date, and
the Company has complied with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior
to such Closing Date;

(ii) No
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of the Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings
for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened under the Securities Act; no order
having the effect of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Securities or any other securities of the Company has been issued
by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange in the United States and no proceedings for that purpose
have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by any securities commission, securities regulatory
authority or stock exchange in the United States;

(iii) When
the Registration Statement became effective, at the time of sale, and at all times subsequent thereto up to the delivery of such certificate,
the Registration Statement and the Incorporated Documents, if any, when such documents became effective or were filed with the Commission,
and any Prospectus, contained all material information required to be included therein by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, as the case may be, and in all material respects conformed to the
requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, as the
case may be, and the Registration Statement and the Incorporated Documents, if any, and any Prospectus, did not and do not include any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided, however, that the preceding representations
and warranties contained in this paragraph (iii) shall not apply to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity
with information furnished in writing to the Company by the Placement Agent expressly for use therein) and, since the effective date
of the Registration Statement, there has occurred no event required by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission
thereunder to be set forth in the Incorporated Documents which has not been so set forth; and

(iv) Subsequent
to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus,
there has not been: (a) any Material Adverse Change; (b) any transaction that is material to the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as
a whole, except transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business; (c) any obligation, direct or contingent, that is material
to the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, incurred by the Company or any Subsidiary, except obligations incurred in the ordinary
course of business; (d) any material change in the capital stock (except changes thereto resulting from the exercise of outstanding stock
options or warrants or conversion of outstanding preferred stock) or outstanding indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary; (e) any
dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made on the capital stock of the Company; or (f) any loss or damage (whether or
not insured) to the property of the Company or any Subsidiary which has been sustained or will have been sustained which has a Material
Adverse Effect.

(g) Regulatory
Certificate. On the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received a certificate from the Companys Chief Executive
Officer with respect to certain regulatory matters, dated as of the Closing Date, addressed to the Placement Agent in form and substance
satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

(h) Bring-down
Comfort Letters. On each Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received from M&K CPAS, PLCC., or such other independent
registered public accounting firm of the Company, a letter dated as of such Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Placement
Agent, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section 5, except
that the specified date referred to therein for the carrying out of procedures shall be no more than two business days prior to such
Closing Date.

(i) Stock
Exchange Listing. The Common Stock shall be registered under the Exchange Act and shall be listed on the Trading Market, and the
Company shall not have taken any action designed to terminate, or likely to have the effect of terminating, the registration of the Common
Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting or suspending from trading the Common Stock from the Trading Market, nor shall the Company
have received any information suggesting that the Commission or the Trading Market is contemplating terminating such registration or
listing.

(j) Lock-Up
Agreements. On the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received the executed lock-up agreement from each of the Companys
directors and executive officers and any stockholders holding 5% or more of the Companys voting securities.

(k) Additional
Documents. On or before each Closing Date, the Placement Agent and counsel for the Placement Agent shall have received such information
and documents as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as
contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction of any of
the conditions or agreements, herein contained.

If
any condition specified in this Section 5 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by
the Placement Agent by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to a Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability
on the part of any party to any other party, except that Section 6 (Payment of Expenses), Section 7 (Indemnification and Contribution)
and Section 8 (Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery) shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination.

Section 6.Payment of Expenses. The Company shall be responsible for and pay all expenses relating to the Offering, including, without limitation, all filing fees and communication expenses relating to the registration of the Securities to be sold in the Offering with the Commission and the filing of the offering materials with FINRA; all fees and expenses relating to the listing of such Securities on such stock exchange as the Company and the Placement Agent together determine; all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to background checks of the Companys officers and directors; all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration or qualification of such Securities under the blue sky securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions as the Placement Agent may reasonably designate (including, without limitation, all filing and registration fees, and the fees and disbursements of the Placement Agents counsel at Closing)); all fees and expenses associated with the i-Deal system and NetRoadshow; the costs of all mailing and printing of the Offering documents (including the transaction documents, any Blue Sky Surveys and, if appropriate, any Agreement Among Underwriters, Selected Dealers Agreement, placement agents questionnaire and power of attorney), Registration Statements, Prospectuses and all amendments, supplements and exhibits thereto and as many preliminary and final Prospectuses as the Placement Agent may reasonably deem necessary; the costs and expenses of the public relations firm referred to in the Engagement Letter; the costs of preparing, printing and delivering certificates representing such Securities; fees and expenses of the transfer agent for such Securities; stock transfer taxes, if any, payable upon the transfer of securities from the Company to the Placement Agent; the fees and expenses of the Companys accountants and the fees and expenses of the Placement Agent and the Companys legal counsel and other agents and representatives. For the sake of clarity, it is understood and agreed that (i) the Company shall be responsible for the Placement Agents legal fees, costs and expenses in connection with the Offering irrespective of whether the Offering is consummated, and (ii) the maximum amount of legal fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Placement Agent that the Company shall be responsible for shall not exceed $90,000 in the event of a Closing, and shall not exceed $20,000 in the event that there is not a Closing.

Section 7.Indemnification and Contribution.

(a)
The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Placement Agent, its affiliates and each person controlling the Placement Agent
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act), and the directors, officers, agents and employees of the Placement Agent, its
affiliates and each such controlling person (the Placement Agent, and each such entity or person. an Indemnified Person)
from and against any losses, claims, damages, judgments, assessments, costs and other liabilities (collectively, the Liabilities),
and shall reimburse each Indemnified Person for all fees and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of one counsel for
all Indemnified Persons, except as otherwise expressly provided herein) (collectively, the Expenses) as they are
incurred by an Indemnified Person in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any actions, whether or not any Indemnified Person
is a party thereto, (i) caused by, or arising out of or in connection with, any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact contained in the Registration Statement, any Incorporated Document, or any Prospectus or by any omission or alleged omission to
state therein a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading (other than untrue statements or alleged untrue statements in, or omissions or alleged omissions from, information relating
to an Indemnified Person furnished in writing by or on behalf of such Indemnified Person expressly for use in the Incorporated Documents)
or (ii) otherwise arising out of or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified Person pursuant
to this Agreement, the transactions contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or inactions in connection with any
such advice, services or transactions; provided, however, that, in the case of clause (ii) only, the Company shall not
be responsible for any Liabilities or Expenses of any Indemnified Person that are finally judicially determined to have resulted solely
from such Indemnified Persons (x) gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with any of the advice, actions, inactions
or services referred to above or (y) use of any offering materials or information concerning the Company in connection with the offer
or sale of the Securities in the Offering which were not authorized for such use by the Company and which use constitutes gross negligence
or willful misconduct. The Company also agrees to reimburse each Indemnified Person for all Expenses as they are incurred in connection
with enforcing such Indemnified Persons rights under this Agreement.

(b) Upon
receipt by an Indemnified Person of actual notice of an action against such Indemnified Person with respect to which indemnity may be
sought under this Agreement, such Indemnified Person shall promptly notify the Company in writing; provided that failure by any Indemnified
Person so to notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from any liability which the Company may have on account of this indemnity
or otherwise to such Indemnified Person, except to the extent the Company shall have been prejudiced by such failure. The Company shall,
if requested by the Placement Agent, assume the defense of any such action including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the Placement Agent, which counsel may also be counsel to the Company. Any Indemnified Person shall have the right to employ separate
counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense
of such Indemnified Person unless: (i) the Company has failed promptly to assume the defense and employ counsel or (ii) the named parties
to any such action (including any impeded parties) include such Indemnified Person and the Company, and such Indemnified Person shall
have been advised in the reasonable opinion of counsel that there is an actual conflict of interest that prevents the counsel selected
by the Company from representing both the Company (or another client of such counsel) and any Indemnified Person; provided that the Company
shall not in such event be responsible hereunder for the fees and expenses of more than one firm of separate counsel for all Indemnified
Persons in connection with any action or related actions, in addition to any local counsel. The Company shall not be liable for any settlement
of any action effected without its written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). In addition, the Company shall not, without
the prior written consent of the Placement Agent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), settle, compromise or consent to the entry
of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened action in respect of which indemnification or contribution
may be sought hereunder (whether or not such Indemnified Person is a party thereto) unless such settlement, compromise, consent or termination
includes an unconditional release of each Indemnified Person from all Liabilities arising out of such action for which indemnification
or contribution may be sought hereunder. The indemnification required hereby shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof
during the course of the investigation or defense, as such expense, loss, damage or liability is incurred and is due and payable.

(c) In
the event that the foregoing indemnity is unavailable to an Indemnified Person other than in accordance with this Agreement, the Company
shall contribute to the Liabilities and Expenses paid or payable by such Indemnified Person in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect
(i) the relative benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and to the Placement Agent and any other Indemnified Person, on the other
hand, of the matters contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by the immediately preceding clause is not permitted
by applicable law, not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Placement Agent
and any other Indemnified Person, on the other hand, in connection with the matters as to which such Liabilities or Expenses relate,
as well as any other relevant equitable considerations; provided that in no event shall the Company contribute less than the amount necessary
to ensure that all Indemnified Persons, in the aggregate, are not liable for any Liabilities and Expenses in excess of the amount of
fees actually received by the Placement Agent pursuant to this Agreement. For purposes of this paragraph, the relative benefits to the
Company, on the one hand, and to the Placement Agent on the other hand, of the matters contemplated by this Agreement shall be deemed
to be in the same proportion as (a) the total value paid or contemplated to be paid to or received or contemplated to be received by
the Company in the transaction or transactions that are within the scope of this Agreement, whether or not any such transaction is consummated,
bears to (b) the fees paid to the Placement Agent under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation
within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act, as amended, shall be entitled to contribution from a party who was not guilty
of fraudulent misrepresentation.

(d) The
Company also agrees that no Indemnified Person shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise)
to the Company for or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified Person pursuant to this Agreement,
the transactions contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or inactions in connection with any such advice, services
or transactions except for Liabilities (and related Expenses) of the Company that are finally judicially determined to have resulted
solely from such Indemnified Persons gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with any such advice, actions, inactions
or services.

(e) The
reimbursement, indemnity and contribution obligations of the Company set forth herein shall apply to any modification of this Agreement
and shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any termination of, or the completion of any Indemnified Persons services
under or in connection with, this Agreement.

Section 8.Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company or any person controlling the Company, of its officers, and of the Placement Agent set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Placement Agent, the Company, or any of its or their partners, officers or directors or any controlling person, as the case may be, and will survive delivery of and payment for the Securities sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement. A successor to a Placement Agent, or to the Company, its directors or officers or any person controlling the Company, shall be entitled to the benefits of the indemnity, contribution and reimbursement agreements contained in this Agreement.

Section 9.Notices. All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered, e-mailed or telecopied and confirmed to the parties hereto as follows:

If
to the Placement Agent to the address set forth above, attention: James Siegal, email: jsiegel@maximgrp.com

With
a copy to: 

Ellenoff
Grossman & Schole LLP

1345
Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor

New
York, New York 10105

E-mail:
mbernstein@egsllp.com

Attention:
Matthew Bernstein

If
to the Company:

[ 
]

E-mail:
[ ]

Attention:
[ ]

With
a copy to: 

[ ]

E-mail:
[ ]

Attention:
[ ]

Any
party hereto may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others.

Section 10.Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and to the benefit of the employees, officers and directors and controlling persons referred to in Section 7 hereof, and to their respective successors, and personal representative, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder.

Section 11.Partial Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable.

Section 12.Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely in such State, without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof. This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the prior written consent of the other party. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Any right to trial by jury with respect to any dispute arising under this Agreement or any transaction or conduct in connection herewith is waived. Any dispute arising under this Agreement may be brought into the courts of the State of New York or into the Federal Court located in New York, New York and, by execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company hereby accepts for itself and in respect of its property, generally and unconditionally, the jurisdiction of aforesaid courts. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by delivering a copy thereof via overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. The Company agrees that a final judgment in any such action, proceeding or counterclaim brought in any such court shall be conclusive and binding upon the Company and may be enforced in any other courts to the jurisdiction of which the Company is or may be subject, by suit upon such judgment. If either party to this Agreement shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of a Transaction Document, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

Section 13.General Provisions.

(a) This
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous
oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Engagement Agreement, dated December 23, 2024 (Engagement Agreement), between the Company and the Placement
Agent shall continue to be effective and the terms therein shall continue to survive and be enforceable by the Placement Agent in accordance
with its terms, provided that, in the event of a conflict between the terms of the Engagement Agreement and this Agreement, the terms
of this Agreement shall prevail. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which shall be an original,
with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement may not be amended or modified
unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless waived in writing by
each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. Section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties only and shall not
affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

(b) The
Company acknowledges that in connection with the offering of the Securities: (i) the Placement Agents responsibility to the Company
is solely contractual and commercial in nature, (ii) the Placement Agent has acted at arms length, are not agents of, and owe no fiduciary
duties to the Company or any other person, (iii) the Placement Agent owes the Company only those duties and obligations set forth in
this Agreement and (iv) the Placement Agent may have interests that differ from those of the Company. The Company waives to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law any claims it may have against the Placement Agent arising from a breach or alleged breach of fiduciary
duty in connection with the offering of the Securities.

[The
remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank.]

If
the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign below whereupon this instrument, along with all
counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms.

Very truly yours,

NAYA BIOSCIENCES, INC.

a Nevada corporation

By: 

/s/
Steve Shum

Name: 

Steve
Shum

Title: 

CEO

The
foregoing Placement Agency Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

MAXIM GROUP LLC 

By: 

/s/
Ritesh Veera 

Name: 

Ritesh
Veera 

Title: 

Co-Head
of Investment Banking
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

WARRANT
AGENCY AGREEMENT

WARRANT
AGENCY AGREEMENT (this Warrant Agreement) dated as of January 14, 2025 (the Issuance Date)
between NAYA Biosciences Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada (the Company), and Transfer
Online, Inc. (the Warrant Agent).

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the terms of that certain Placement Agency Agreement, dated January 13, 2025, by and between the Company and Maxim Group
LLC (the Placement Agent) and that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement),
dated January 13, 2025, by and among the Company and investors parties thereto, the Company is engaged in a public offering (the Offering)
of (i) up to 2,611,600 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), of the Company, (ii)
up to 13,615,171 common stock purchase warrants, each exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.70 per share
(the Warrants); and (iii) up to 11,003,571 pre-funded warrants, each exercisable for one share of Common Stock at
an exercise price of $0.0001 per share (the Pre-Funded Warrants).

WHEREAS,
the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a Registration Statement on Form
S-1 (File No. 333-283872) (as the same may be amended from time to time, the Registration Statement), for the registration
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), of the shares of Common Stock, the Pre-Funded
Warrants, the Warrants and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants (the Warrant Shares)
and upon the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants, and such Registration Statement was declared effective on January 13, 2025;

WHEREAS,
the Company desires the Warrant Agent to act on behalf of the Company, and the Warrant Agent is willing to so act, in accordance with
the terms set forth in this Warrant Agreement in connection with the issuance, registration, transfer, exchange and exercise of the Warrants;

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to provide for the provisions of the Warrants, the terms upon which they shall be issued and exercised, and the respective
rights, limitation of rights, and immunities of the Company, the Warrant Agent, and the holders of the Warrants; and

WHEREAS,
all acts and things have been done and performed which are necessary to make the Warrants the valid, binding and legal obligations of
the Company, and to authorize the execution and delivery of this Warrant Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.
Appointment of Warrant Agent. The Company hereby
appoints the Warrant Agent to act as agent for the Company with respect to the Warrants, and the Warrant Agent hereby accepts such appointment
and agrees to perform the same in accordance with the express terms and conditions set forth in this Warrant Agreement (and no implied
terms or conditions).

2.
Warrants. The Warrants shall be registered securities
and shall initially be evidenced by a global certificate in the form of Exhibit A (the Global Certificate)
attached to this Warrant Agreement, which shall be deposited on behalf of the Company with a custodian for The Depository Trust Company
(DTC) and registered in the name of Cede & Co., a nominee of DTC. If DTC subsequently ceases to make its book-entry
settlement system available for the Warrants, the Company shall instruct the Warrant Agent regarding making other arrangements for book-entry
settlement. In the event that the Warrants are not eligible for, or it is no longer necessary to have the Warrants available in, book-entry
form, the Company shall instruct the Warrant Agent to provide written instructions to DTC to deliver to the Warrant Agent for cancellation
the Global Certificate or Certificates, and the Company shall instruct the Warrant Agent to deliver to DTC separate certificates evidencing
Warrants (Definitive Certificates and, together with the Global Certificate, Warrant Certificates)
registered as requested through the DTC system. The Definitive Certificates, together with the form of election to purchase Common Stock
(the Notice of Exercise) and the form of assignment to be printed on the reverse thereof, shall be substantially
in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

2.1
Issuance and Registration of Warrants.

2.1.1
Warrant Register. The Warrant Agent shall maintain books (Warrant Register) for the registration of original
issuance and the registration of transfer of the Warrants.

2.1.2
Issuance of Warrants. Upon the initial issuance of the Warrants, the Warrant Agent shall issue the Global Certificates and deliver
the Warrants in the DTC book-entry settlement system in accordance with written instructions delivered to the Warrant Agent by the Company.
Ownership of security entitlements in the Warrants shall be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership shall be effected through, records
maintained (i) by DTC and (ii) by institutions that have accounts with DTC (each, a Participant). A Holder has the
right to elect at any time or from time to time a Warrant Exchange (as defined below) pursuant to a Warrant Certificate Request Notice
(as defined below). Upon written notice by a Holder to the Warrant Agent and the Company for the exchange of some or all of such Holders
Warrants held in book entry form for a Definitive Certificate evidencing the same number of Warrants, which request shall be in the form
attached hereto as Annex A (such notice, the Warrant Certificate Request Notice and the date of delivery
of such Warrant Certificate Request Notice by the Holder, the Warrant Certificate Request Notice Date and the actual
surrender upon delivery by the Holder of a number of Warrants in the DTC book-entry settlement system for the same number of Warrants
evidenced by a Definitive Certificate, a Warrant Exchange), the Warrant Agent shall promptly effect the Warrant
Exchange and shall promptly issue and deliver to the Holder a Definitive Certificate for such number of Warrants in the name set forth
in the Warrant Certificate Request Notice. Such Definitive Certificate shall be dated the original issue date of the Warrants and shall
be manually executed by an authorized signatory of the Company and shall be in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B. In connection
with a Warrant Exchange, the Company agrees to deliver, or to direct the Warrant Agent to deliver, the Definitive Certificate to the
Holder within one (1) Trading Day of the Warrant Certificate Request Notice pursuant to the delivery instructions in the Warrant Certificate
Request Notice (Warrant Certificate Delivery Date). If the Company fails for any reason to deliver or cause the
delivery to the Holder the Definitive Certificate subject to the Warrant Certificate Request Notice by the Warrant Certificate Delivery
Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares evidenced
by such Definitive Certificate (based on the VWAP (as defined in the Warrant) of the Common Stock on the Warrant Certificate Request
Notice Date), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date)
for each Trading Day after such Warrant Certificate Delivery Date until such Definitive Certificate is delivered or, prior to delivery
of such Warrant Certificate, the Holder rescinds such Warrant Exchange. Notwithstanding the forgoing, the Warrant Agent shall not, in
any event, be subject to, or responsible for, liquidated damages or any buy-in penalties contemplated in connection with
the Warrants. The Company covenants and agrees that, upon the date of delivery of the Warrant Certificate Request Notice, the Holder
shall be deemed to be the holder of the Definitive Certificate and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Definitive
Certificate shall be deemed for all purposes to contain all of the terms and conditions of the Warrants evidenced by such Definitive
Certificate and the terms of this Warrant Agreement. In the event a beneficial owner requests a Warrant Exchange, upon issuance of the
paper Definitive Certificate, the Warrant Agent shall continue to act as warrant agent and the terms of the paper Definitive Certificate
so issued shall exclusively govern in respect thereof.

2.1.3
Beneficial Owner; Holder. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Warrant, the Company and the Warrant Agent
shall deem and treat the person in whose name that Warrant shall be registered on the Warrant Register (the Holder)
as the absolute owner of such Warrant for purposes of any exercise thereof, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the
Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall prevent the Company,
the Warrant Agent or any agent of the Company or the Warrant Agent from giving effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization
furnished by DTC governing the exercise of the rights of a holder of a beneficial interest in any Warrant. The rights of beneficial owners
in a Warrant evidenced by the Global Certificate shall be exercised by the Holder or a Participant through the DTC system, except to
the extent set forth herein or in the Global Certificate.

2.1.4
Execution. The Warrant Certificates shall be executed on behalf of the Company by any authorized officer of the Company (an Authorized
Officer), which need not be the same authorized signatory for all of the Warrant Certificates, either manually or by facsimile
signature. The Warrant Certificates shall be countersigned by an authorized signatory of the Warrant Agent, which need not be the same
signatory for all of the Warrant Certificates, and no Warrant Certificate shall be valid for any purpose unless so countersigned. In
case any Authorized Officer of the Company that signed any of the Warrant Certificates ceases to be an Authorized Officer of the Company
before countersignature by the Warrant Agent and issuance and delivery by the Company, such Warrant Certificates, nevertheless, may be
countersigned by the Warrant Agent, issued and delivered with the same force and effect as though the person who signed such Warrant
Certificates had not ceased to be such officer of the Company; and any Warrant Certificate may be signed on behalf of the Company by
any person who, at the actual date of the execution of such Warrant Certificate, shall be an Authorized Officer of the Company authorized
to sign such Warrant Certificate, although at the date of the execution of this Warrant Agreement any such person was not such an Authorized
Officer.

2.1.5
Registration of Transfer. Subject to the provisions of the Warrants, at any time at or prior to the Termination Date (as defined
below), a transfer of any Warrants may be registered and any Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates may be split up, combined or
exchanged for another Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates evidencing the same number of Warrants as the Warrant Certificate or
Warrant Certificates surrendered. Any Holder desiring to register the transfer of Warrants or to split up, combine or exchange any Warrant
Certificate shall make such request in writing delivered to the Warrant Agent, and shall surrender to the Warrant Agent the Warrant Certificate
or Warrant Certificates evidencing the Warrants the transfer of which is to be registered or that is or are to be split up, combined
or exchanged and, in the case of registration of transfer, shall provide a signature guarantee. Thereupon, the Warrant Agent shall countersign
and deliver to the person entitled thereto a Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates, as the case may be, as so requested. The Company
and the Warrant Agent may require payment, by the Holder requesting a registration of transfer of Warrants or a split-up, combination
or exchange of a Warrant Certificate (but, for purposes of clarity, not upon the exercise of the Warrants and issuance of Warrant Shares
to the Holder), of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with such registration
of transfer, split-up, combination or exchange, together with reimbursement to the Company and the Warrant Agent of all reasonable expenses
incidental thereto.

2.1.6
Loss, Theft and Mutilation of Warrant Certificates. Upon receipt by the Company and the Warrant Agent of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to them of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of a Warrant Certificate, and, in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity
or security in customary form and amount, and reimbursement to the Company and the Warrant Agent of all reasonable expenses incidental
thereto, and upon surrender to the Warrant Agent and cancellation of the Warrant Certificate if mutilated, the Warrant Agent shall, on
behalf of the Company, countersign and deliver a new Warrant Certificate of like tenor to the Holder in lieu of the Warrant Certificate
so lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated. The Warrant Agent may charge the Holder an administrative fee for processing the replacement
of lost Warrant Certificates, which shall be charged only once in instances where a single surety bond obtained covers multiple certificates.
The Warrant Agent may receive compensation from the surety companies or surety agents for administrative services provided to them.

2.1.7
Proxies. The Holder of a Warrant may grant proxies or otherwise authorize any person, including the Participants and beneficial
holders that may own interests through the Participants, to take any action that a Holder is entitled to take under this Warrant Agreement
or the Warrants; provided, however, that at all times that Warrants are evidenced by a Global Certificate, exercise of
those Warrants shall be effected on their behalf by Participants through DTC in accordance the procedures administered by DTC.

3.
Terms and Exercise of Warrants.

3.1
Exercise Price. Each Warrant shall entitle the Holder, subject to the provisions of the applicable Warrant Certificate and of
this Warrant Agreement, to purchase from the Company the number of shares of Common Stock stated therein, at the exercise price provided
in the applicable Warrant Certificate, subject to the subsequent adjustments provided by Section 3 of the Warrant Certificates. The term
Exercise Price as used in this Warrant Agreement refers to the price per share at which shares of Common Stock may
be purchased at the time a Warrant is exercised as provided in the applicable Warrant Certificate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein, the Company may, without the consent of the Holders, reduce, but only reduce, the Exercise Price of the Warrants at its sole
discretion.

3.2
Duration of Warrants. The Warrants may be exercised only during the period (Exercise Period) commencing on
the Initial Exercise Date as defined in the applicable Warrant Certificate and ending on the Termination Date. For purposes of this Warrant
Agreement, the Termination Date shall have the meaning set forth in the applicable Warrant Certificate. Each Warrant
not exercised on or before the Termination Date shall become void, and all rights thereunder and all rights in respect thereof under
this Warrant Agreement shall cease at the close of business on the Termination Date.

3.3
Exercise of Warrants.

3.3.1
Exercise and Payment. (a) Subject to the provisions of this Warrant Agreement, a Holder (or a Participant or a designee of a Participant
acting on behalf of a Holder) may exercise Warrants by delivering to the Warrant Agent, a duly executed facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted
by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed to the Warrant Certificate. In the case of the Holder
of a Global Certificate, the Holder shall deliver the executed Notice of Exercise and payment of the Exercise Price pursuant to Section
2(a) and Section 2(b) of the Warrant Certificates (other than in the case of a Cashless Exercise). Notwithstanding any other provision
in this Warrant Agreement, a holder whose interest in a Warrant is a beneficial interest in a Global Certificate held in book-entry form
through the DTC (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions), shall effect exercises by delivering to the
DTC (or such other clearing corporation, as applicable) the appropriate instruction form for exercise, complying with the procedures
to effect exercise that are required by the DTC (or such other clearing corporation, as applicable). The Company hereby acknowledges
and agrees that, with respect to a Holder whose interest in a Global Warrant is a beneficial interest in a Global Warrant held in book-entry
form through the Depositary (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions), upon delivery of irrevocable
instructions to such Holders Participant to exercise such Warrants, that solely for purposes of Regulation SHO that such Holder
shall be deemed to have exercised such Warrants. The Company acknowledges that the bank accounts maintained by the Warrant Agent in connection
with the services provided under this Warrant Agreement will be in its name and that the Warrant Agent may receive investment earnings
in connection with the investment at Warrant Agent risk and for its benefit of funds held in those accounts from time to time. Neither
the Company nor the Holders will receive interest on any deposits or Exercise Price. The Exercise Date will be the
date on which the materials in the foregoing sentence are received by the Warrant Agent (if by 5:00 P.M., New York City time), or the
following Trading Day (if after 5:00 P.M., New York City time), regardless of any earlier date written on the materials. If the materials
discussed in this Section 3.3.1 are received or deemed to be received after the Termination Date, the exercise thereof will be null and
void and any funds delivered to the Company will be returned to the Holder or Participant, as the case may be, as soon as practicable.
In no event will interest accrue on any funds deposited with the Company in respect of an exercise or attempted exercise of the Warrants.
(b) The Warrants shall cease to be exercisable and shall terminate and become void and callable as set forth in the applicable Warrant
Certificate.

3.3.2
Issuance of Warrant Shares.

(a)
The Warrant Agent shall, on the Trading Day following the date of exercise of any Warrant, advise the Company and the transfer agent
and registrar for the Companys Common Stock (the Transfer Agent), in respect of (i) the number of Warrant
Shares indicated on the Notice of Exercise as issuable upon such exercise with respect to such exercised Warrants, (ii) the instructions
of the Holder or Participant, as the case may be, provided to the Warrant Agent with respect to the delivery of the Warrant Shares and
the number of Warrants that remain outstanding after such exercise and (iii) such other information as the Company or the Transfer Agent
shall reasonably request.

(b)
Upon the Warrant Agents receipt, at or prior to the close of business on the Termination Date set forth in a Warrant Certificate,
of the executed Notice of Exercise, accompanied by payment of the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 2(b) of the Warrant Certificate
(other than in the case of a Cashless Exercise), the Warrant Agent shall cause the Warrant Shares underlying such Warrant to be delivered
to or upon the order of the Holder of such Warrant, registered in such name or names as may be designated by such Holder, no later than
the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company is then a participant in the DWAC system and either (A) there is an effective registration
statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) the Warrant is being exercised
via Cashless Exercise, then the certificates for Warrant Shares shall be transmitted by the Warrant Agent to the Holder.

3.3.3
Valid Issuance. All Warrant Shares issued by the Company upon the proper exercise of a Warrant in conformity with this Warrant
Agreement shall be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

3.3.4
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional Warrant Shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of the Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

3.3.5
Charges, Taxes, and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to a Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of a Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by a Holder; provided, however,
that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of a Holder, the Warrant, when surrendered for exercise,
shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached to the Warrant duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer
Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to DTC (or another established clearing corporation
performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

3.3.6
Date of Issuance. The Company will treat an exercising Holder as a beneficial owner of the Warrant Shares as of the date of exercise
of any Warrant, except that, if such date of exercise is a date when the stock transfer books of the Company are closed, such person
shall be deemed to have become the holder of such shares at the open of business on the next succeeding date on which the stock transfer
books are open.

3.3.7
Cashless Exercise Under Certain Circumstances. The Company shall provide to the Warrant Agent and each Holder prompt written notice
of any time that there is no effective registration statement covering the Warrants and the Warrant Shares thereunder.

Upon
receipt of a Notice of Exercise for a cashless exercise, the Warrant Agent will promptly deliver a copy of the Notice of Exercise to
the Company to confirm the number of Warrant Shares issuable in connection with the cashless exercise. The Company shall promptly calculate
and transmit to the Warrant Agent in a written notice, and the Warrant Agent shall have no duty, responsibility or obligation under this
section to calculate, the number of Warrant Shares issuable in connection with any cashless exercise. The Warrant Agent shall be entitled
to rely conclusively on any such written notice provided by the Company, and the Warrant Agent shall not be liable for any action taken,
suffered or omitted to be taken by it in accordance with such written instructions or pursuant to this Warrant Agreement.

3.3.8
Disputes. In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the number of
Warrant Shares issuable in connection with any exercise, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares
that are not disputed.

3.3.9
Beneficial Ownership Limitation. A Holder shall not have the right to exercise any Warrants to the extent that after giving effect
to the issuance of Warrant Shares after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, such Holder or a person holding through
such Holder, and any other persons acting as a group together with that Holder or person or any of that Holders or persons
Affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as that term is defined in the Warrant) pursuant
to Section 2(e) of the Warrant Certificates.

4.
Adjustments. The Exercise Price, the number of
shares covered by each Warrant and the number of Warrants outstanding are subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in Section
3 of the Warrant Certificate and as provided in Section 3.1 hereunder. All Warrants originally issued by the Company subsequent to any
adjustment made to the Exercise Price pursuant to the Warrant shall evidence the right to purchase, at the adjusted Exercise Price, the
number of shares of Common Stock purchasable from time to time hereunder upon exercise of the Warrants, all subject to further adjustment
as provided herein. Whenever the Exercise Price or the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of each Warrant is
adjusted as provided in this Section 4, the Company shall (a) promptly prepare a certificate setting forth the Exercise Price of each
Warrant as so adjusted, and a brief statement of the facts accounting for such adjustment, (b) promptly file with the Warrant Agent and
with the Transfer Agent a copy of such certificate and (c) instruct the Warrant Agent to send a brief summary thereof to each Holder
of a Warrant.

5.
Restrictive Legends; Fractional Warrants. In
the event that a Warrant Certificate surrendered for transfer bears a restrictive legend, the Warrant Agent shall not register that transfer
until the Warrant Agent has received an opinion of counsel for the Company stating that such transfer may be made and indicating whether
the Warrants must also bear a restrictive legend upon that transfer. The Company shall not issue fractions of Warrants or distribute
a Global Certificate or Warrant Certificates that evidence fractional Warrants. Whenever any fractional Warrant would otherwise be required
to be issued or distributed, the actual issuance or distribution shall reflect a rounding of such fraction either up or down to the nearest
whole Warrant. The Warrant Agent shall not be required to effect any registration of transfer or exchange which will result in the transfer
of or delivery of a Warrant Certificate for a fraction of a Warrant. The Company shall not issue fractions of shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of Warrants or distribute stock certificates that evidence fractional shares of Common Stock. Whenever any fraction of
a share of Common Stock would otherwise be required to be issued or distributed, the actual issuance or distribution in respect thereof
shall be made in accordance with Section 2(d)(v) of the Warrant Certificates.

6.
Other Provisions Relating to Rights of Holders of
Warrants.

6.1
No Rights as Shareholder. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein and in accordance with Section 5(a) of the Warrant
Certificates, a Holder, solely in its capacity as a holder of Warrants, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed
the holder of share capital of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant Agreement be construed to confer
upon a Holder, solely in its capacity as the registered holder of Warrants, any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company or any
right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of share
capital, consolidation, merger, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights or rights
to participate in new issues of shares, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which it is then entitled
to receive upon the due exercise of Warrants.

6.2
Reservation of Common Stock. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available a number of its authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 5(d) of the Warrant Certificates.

7.
Concerning the Warrant Agent and Other Matters.

7.1
Any instructions given to the Warrant Agent orally, as permitted by any provision of this Warrant Agreement, shall be confirmed in writing
by the Company as soon as practicable. The Warrant Agent shall not be liable or responsible and shall be fully authorized and protected
for acting, or failing to act, in accordance with any oral instructions which do not conform with the written confirmation received in
accordance with this Section 7.1.

7.2
(a) Whether or not any Warrants are exercised, for the Warrant Agents services as agent for the Company hereunder, the Company
shall pay to the Warrant Agent such fees as may be separately agreed between the Company and Warrant Agent and the Warrant Agents
out of pocket expenses in connection with this Warrant Agreement, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and expenses of
the Warrant Agents counsel. While the Warrant Agent endeavors to maintain out-of-pocket charges (both internal and external) at
competitive rates, these charges may not reflect actual out-of-pocket costs, and may include handling charges to cover internal processing
and use of the Warrant Agents billing systems. (b) All amounts owed by the Company to the Warrant Agent under this Warrant Agreement
are due within 30 days of the invoice date. Delinquent payments are subject to a late payment charge of one and one-half percent (1.5%)
per month commencing 45 days from the invoice date. The Company agrees to reimburse the Warrant Agent for any reasonable attorneys
fees and any other costs associated with collecting delinquent payments. (c) No provision of this Warrant Agreement shall require Warrant
Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties under this Warrant
Agreement or in the exercise of its rights.

7.3
As agent for the Company hereunder the Warrant Agent: (a) shall have no duties or obligations other than those specifically set forth
herein or as may subsequently be agreed to in writing by the Warrant Agent and the Company; (b) shall be regarded as making no representations
and having no responsibilities as to the validity, sufficiency, value, or genuineness of the Warrants or any Warrant Shares; (c) shall
not be obligated to take any legal action hereunder; if, however, the Warrant Agent determines to take any legal action hereunder, and
where the taking of such action might, in its judgment, subject or expose it to any expense or liability it shall not be required to
act unless it has been furnished with an indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it; (d) may rely on and shall be fully authorized and protected
in acting or failing to act upon any certificate, instrument, opinion, notice, letter, telegram, telex, facsimile transmission or other
document or security delivered to the Warrant Agent and believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed by the proper party or parties;
(e) shall not be liable or responsible for any recital or statement contained in the Registration Statement or any other documents relating
thereto; (f) shall not be liable or responsible for any failure on the part of the Company to comply with any of its covenants and obligations
relating to the Warrants, including without limitation obligations under applicable securities laws; (g) may rely on and shall be fully
authorized and protected in acting or failing to act upon the written, telephonic or oral instructions with respect to any matter relating
to its duties as Warrant Agent covered by this Warrant Agreement (or supplementing or qualifying any such actions) of officers of the
Company, and is hereby authorized and directed to accept instructions with respect to the performance of its duties hereunder from the
Company or counsel to the Company, and may apply to the Company, for advice or instructions in connection with the Warrant Agents
duties hereunder, and the Warrant Agent shall not be liable for any delay in acting while waiting for those instructions; any applications
by the Warrant Agent for written instructions from the Company may, at the option of the Agent, set forth in writing any action proposed
to be taken or omitted by the Warrant Agent under this Warrant Agreement and the date on or after which such action shall be taken or
such omission shall be effective; the Warrant Agent shall not be liable for any action taken by, or omission of, the Warrant Agent in
accordance with a proposal included in such application on or after the date specified in such application (which date shall not be less
than five (5) Business Days after the date such application is sent to the Company, unless the Company shall have consented in writing
to any earlier date) unless prior to taking any such action, the Warrant Agent shall have received written instructions in response to
such application specifying the action to be taken or omitted; (h) may consult with counsel satisfactory to the Warrant Agent, including
its in-house counsel, and the advice of such counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action
taken, suffered, or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with the advice of such counsel; (i) may perform any of its
duties hereunder either directly or by or through nominees, correspondents, designees, or subagents, and it shall not be liable or responsible
for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any nominee, correspondent, designee, or subagent appointed with reasonable care by it
in connection with this Warrant Agreement; (j) is not authorized, and shall have no obligation, to pay any brokers, dealers, or soliciting
fees to any person; and (k) shall not be required hereunder to comply with the laws or regulations of any country other than the United
States of America or any political subdivision thereof.

7.4
(a) In the absence of gross negligence or willful or illegal misconduct on its part, the Warrant Agent shall not be liable for any action
taken, suffered, or omitted by it or for any error of judgment made by it in the performance of its duties under this Warrant Agreement.
Anything in this Warrant Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in no event shall Warrant Agent be liable for special, indirect,
incidental, consequential or punitive losses or damages of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the
Warrant Agent has been advised of the possibility of such losses or damages and regardless of the form of action. Any liability of the
Warrant Agent will be limited in the aggregate to the amount of fees paid by the Company hereunder. The Warrant Agent shall not be liable
for any failures, delays or losses, arising directly or indirectly out of conditions beyond its reasonable control including, but not
limited to, acts of government, exchange or market ruling, suspension of trading, work stoppages or labor disputes, fires, civil disobedience,
riots, rebellions, storms, electrical or mechanical failure, computer hardware or software failure, communications facilities failures
including telephone failure, war, terrorism, insurrection, earthquakes, floods, acts of God or similar occurrences. (b) In the event
any question or dispute arises with respect to the proper interpretation of the Warrants or the Warrant Agents duties under this
Warrant Agreement or the rights of the Company or of any Holder, the Warrant Agent shall not be required to act and shall not be held
liable or responsible for its refusal to act until the question or dispute has been judicially settled (and, if appropriate, it may file
a suit in interpleader or for a declaratory judgment for such purpose) by final judgment rendered by a court of competent jurisdiction,
binding on all persons interested in the matter which is no longer subject to review or appeal, or settled by a written document in form
and substance satisfactory to Warrant Agent and executed by the Company and each such Holder. In addition, the Warrant Agent may require
for such purpose, but shall not be obligated to require, the execution of such written settlement by all the Holders and all other persons
that may have an interest in the settlement.

7.5
The Company covenants to indemnify the Warrant Agent and hold it harmless from and against any loss, liability, claim or expense (Loss)
arising out of or in connection with the Warrant Agents duties under this Warrant Agreement, including the costs and expenses
of defending itself against any Loss, unless such Loss shall have been determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be a result
of the Warrant Agents gross negligence or willful misconduct.

7.6
Unless terminated earlier by the parties hereto, this Warrant Agreement shall terminate 90 days after the earlier of the Termination
Date and the date on which no Warrants remain outstanding (the Agreement Termination Date). On the Business Day
following the Termination Date, the Agent shall deliver to the Company any entitlements, if any, held by the Warrant Agent under this
Warrant Agreement. The Agents right to be reimbursed for fees, charges and out-of-pocket expenses as provided in this Section
7 shall survive the termination of this Warrant Agreement.

7.7
If any provision of this Warrant Agreement shall be held illegal, invalid, or unenforceable by any court, this Warrant Agreement shall
be construed and enforced as if such provision had not been contained herein and shall be deemed an agreement among the parties to it
to the full extent permitted by applicable law.

7.8
The Company represents and warrants that: (a) it is duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation;
(b) the offer and sale of the Warrants and the execution, delivery and performance of all transactions contemplated thereby (including
this Warrant Agreement) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and will not result in a breach of or constitute
a default under the articles of incorporation, bylaws or any similar document of the Company or any indenture, agreement or instrument
to which it is a party or is bound; (c) this Warrant Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes the
legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Company; (d) the Warrants will comply in all material respects with all applicable
requirements of law; and (e) to the best of its knowledge, there is no litigation pending or threatened as of the date hereof in connection
with the offering of the Warrants.

7.9
In the event of inconsistency between this Warrant Agreement and the descriptions in the Registration Statement, as they may from time
to time be amended, the terms of this Warrant Agreement shall control. In the event of inconsistency between this Warrant Agreement and
terms set forth in a Warrant Certificate, the terms of the Warrant Certificate shall control.

7.10
Set forth in Exhibit C hereto is a list of the names and specimen signatures of the persons authorized to act for the Company
under this Warrant Agreement (the Authorized Representatives). The Company shall, from time to time, certify to
the Warrant Agent the names and signatures of any other persons authorized to act for the Company under this Warrant Agreement.

7.11
Except as expressly set forth elsewhere in this Warrant Agreement, all notices, instructions and communications under this Warrant Agreement
shall be in writing, shall be effective upon receipt and shall be addressed, if to the Company, to its address set forth beneath its
signature to this Warrant Agreement, or, if to the Warrant Agent, to Transfer Online, Inc., 512 SE Salmon St., Portland, OR 97214, or
to such other address of which a party hereto has notified the other party.

7.12
(a) This Warrant Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Oregon. All actions and proceedings
relating to or arising from, directly or indirectly, this Warrant Agreement may be litigated in courts located within Multnomah County
in the State of Oregon. The Company hereby submits to the personal jurisdiction of such courts and consents that any service of process
may be made by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, directed to the Company at its address last specified for notices
hereunder. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
TO THIS WARRANT AGREEMENT. (b) This Warrant Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and assigns
of the parties hereto. This Warrant Agreement may not be assigned, or otherwise transferred, in whole or in part, by either party without
the prior written consent of the other party, which the other party will not unreasonably withhold, condition or delay; except that (i)
consent is not required for an assignment or delegation of duties by the Warrant Agent to any affiliate of Warrant Agent and (ii) any
reorganization, merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other form of business combination by the Warrant Agent or the Company shall
not be deemed to constitute an assignment of this Warrant Agreement. (c) No provision of this Warrant Agreement may be amended, modified
or waived, except in a written document signed by both parties. The Company and the Warrant Agent may amend or supplement this Warrant
Agreement without the consent of any Holder for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or curing, correcting or supplementing any defective
provision contained herein or adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Warrant
Agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable; provided, that no such amendment or supplement shall adversely affect
the interest of the Holders. All other amendments and supplements shall require the vote or written consent of Holders of at least 50.1%
of the then outstanding Warrants, provided that adjustments may be made to the Warrant terms and rights in accordance with Section 4
without the consent of the Holders.

7.13
Payment of Taxes. The Company will from time to time promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the Company or
the Warrant Agent in respect of the issuance or delivery of Warrant Shares upon the exercise of Warrants, but the Company may, pursuant
to the terms of the Warrant, require the Holders to pay any transfer taxes in respect of the Warrants or such shares. The Warrant Agent
may refrain from registering any transfer of Warrants or any delivery of any Warrant Shares unless or until the persons requesting the
registration or issuance shall have paid to the Warrant Agent for the account of the Company the amount of such tax or charge, if any,
or shall have established to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company and the Warrant Agent that such tax or charge, if any, has been
paid.

7.14
Resignation of Warrant Agent.

7.14.1
Appointment of Successor Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent, or any successor to it hereafter appointed, may resign its duties and
be discharged from all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving thirty (30) days notice in writing to the Company
and the Holders of the Warrants, or such shorter period of time agreed to by the Company. The Company may terminate the services of the
Warrant Agent, or any successor Warrant Agent, after giving thirty (30) days notice in writing to the Warrant Agent or successor
Warrant Agent and the Holders of the Warrants, or such shorter period of time as agreed. If the office of the Warrant Agent becomes vacant
by resignation, termination or incapacity to act or otherwise, the Company shall appoint in writing a successor Warrant Agent in place
of the Warrant Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of 30 days after it has been notified in writing
of such resignation or incapacity by the Warrant Agent, then the Warrant Agent or any Holder may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction
for the appointment of a successor Warrant Agent at the Companys cost. Pending appointment of a successor to such Warrant Agent,
either by the Company or by such a court, the duties of the Warrant Agent shall be carried out by the Company. Any successor Warrant
Agent (but not including the initial Warrant Agent), whether appointed by the Company or by such court, shall be a person organized and
existing under the laws of any state of the United States of America, in good standing, and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate
trust powers and subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority. After appointment, any successor Warrant Agent
shall be vested with all the authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations of its predecessor Warrant Agent with like
effect as if originally named as Warrant Agent hereunder, without any further act or deed, and except for executing and delivering documents
as provided in the sentence that follows, the predecessor Warrant Agent shall have no further duties, obligations, responsibilities or
liabilities hereunder, but shall be entitled to all rights that survive the termination of this Warrant Agreement and the resignation
or removal of the Warrant Agent, including but not limited to its right to indemnity hereunder. If for any reason it becomes necessary
or appropriate or at the request of the Company, the predecessor Warrant Agent shall execute and deliver, at the expense of the Company,
an instrument transferring to such successor Warrant Agent all the authority, powers, and rights of such predecessor Warrant Agent hereunder;
and upon request of any successor Warrant Agent the Company shall make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and all instruments in
writing for more fully and effectually vesting in and confirming to such successor Warrant Agent all such authority, powers, rights,
immunities, duties, and obligations.

7.14.2
Notice of Successor Warrant Agent. In the event a successor Warrant Agent shall be appointed, the Company shall give notice thereof
to the predecessor Warrant Agent and the Transfer Agent not later than the effective date of any such appointment.

7.14.3
Merger or Consolidation of Warrant Agent. Any person into which the Warrant Agent may be merged or converted or with which it
may be consolidated or any person resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Warrant Agent shall be a party
or any person succeeding to the shareowner services business of the Warrant Agent or any successor Warrant Agent shall be the successor
Warrant Agent under this Warrant Agreement, without any further act or deed. For purposes of this Warrant Agreement, person
shall mean any individual, firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, trust or other entity,
and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) thereof or thereto.

8.
Miscellaneous Provisions.

8.1
Persons Having Rights under this Warrant Agreement. Nothing in this Warrant Agreement expressed and nothing that may be implied
from any of the provisions hereof is intended, or shall be construed, to confer upon, or give to, any person or corporation other than
the parties hereto and the Holders any right, remedy, or claim under or by reason of this Warrant Agreement or of any covenant, condition,
stipulation, promise, or agreement hereof.

8.2
Examination of the Warrant Agreement. A copy of this Warrant Agreement shall be available at all reasonable times at the office
of the Warrant Agent designated for such purpose for inspection by any Holder. Prior to such inspection, the Warrant Agent may require
any such holder to provide reasonable evidence of its interest in the Warrants.

8.3
Counterparts. This Warrant Agreement may be executed in any number of original, facsimile or electronic counterparts and each
of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one
and the same instrument.

8.4
Effect of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Warrant Agreement and shall
not affect the interpretation thereof.

9.
Certain Definitions. As used herein, the following
terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)
Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United
States or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action
to close.

(b)
Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys
primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

(c)
Trading Day means any day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Trading Market.

(d)
Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for
trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market
or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

(e)
Warrant Share Delivery Date means the date that is the earliest of: (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to
the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery
to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless
exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

[Signature
Page to Follow]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Warrant Agency Agreement has been duly executed by the parties hereto as of the day and year first above written.

NAYA
Biosciences, INC.

By: 

/s/
Steve Shum

Name: Steve
Shum

Title: CEO

TRANSFER
ONLINE, INC.

By: /s/
Lori Livingston

Name: Lori
Livingston

Title: President
and CEO

ANNEX
A

WARRANT
CERTIFICATE REQUEST NOTICE

To:
Transfer Online, Inc, as Warrant Agent for NAYA Biosciences, Inc. (the Company)

The
undersigned Holder of Common Stock Purchase Warrants (Warrants) in the form of Global Certificates issued by the Company
hereby elects to receive a Definitive Certificate evidencing the Warrants held by the Holder as specified below:

1. Name
of Holder of Warrants in form of Global Certificates:

__________________________________________________________

2. Name
of Holder in Definitive Certificate (if different from name of Holder of Warrants in form of Global Certificates):

_______________________________

3. Number
of Warrants in name of Holder in form of Global Certificates: _________________

4. Number
of Warrants for which Definitive Certificate shall be issued: ___________________

5. Number
of Warrants in name of Holder in form of Global Certificates after issuance of Definitive Certificate, if any: ___________

6. Definitive
Certificate shall be delivered to the following address:

_________________________

_________________________

_________________________

_________________________

The
undersigned hereby acknowledges and agrees that, in connection with this Warrant Exchange and the issuance of the Definitive Certificate,
the Holder is deemed to have surrendered the number of Warrants in form of Global Certificates in the name of the Holder equal to the
number of Warrants evidenced by the Definitive Certificate.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity:

______________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:

______________________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory:

______________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory:

______________________________________________________

Date:
__________________________________________________

EXHIBIT
A

[FORM
OF GLOBAL WARRANT CERTIFICATE OF COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT]

[UNLESS
THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC),
TO ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE
& CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR
TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR
OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.]

Certificate
No.: 1 CUSIP
No.:

Number
of Warrants: [____] Issue
Date: [_______]

(ATTACHED)

EXHIBIT
B

FORM
OF COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

(ATTACHED)

EXHIBIT
C

AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVES

Name Title Signature

Schedule
of Fees as Agent

# Description Fee 

1 Warrant
Agent Fee $ 7,500.00 

2 Escrow
Agent Fee (Annual) $ 2,500.00 

3 Corporate
Action Fee $ 450.00 

4 Warrant
Reserve Setup Fee $ 500.00 

5 Initial
Issuance/DWAC (Flat Fee) $ 120.00 

6 Segregated
Checking Account Setup (One-time) $ 500.00 

6 Conversion
Fee* $ 80.00
per 

7 DWAC
Fee* $ 120.00
per 

8 Legal
Fee* $ 100.00
per 

9 Wire
Fee* $ 35.00
per 

*DUE
AT THE TIME TRANSACTION IS RECEIVED FOR PROCESSING. 

Total
Due: $ 11,570.00
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex4-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.2

PREFUNDED
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

NAYA
Biosciences, Inc.

Warrant
Shares: 11,003,571 Issue
Date: January 14, 2025

THIS
PREFUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, ____________________ or
its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions
hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and until this Warrant
is exercised in full (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from NAYA Biosciences,
Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), up to 11,003,571 shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant
Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise
Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) (based
on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market,
the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable,
(c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported
on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price
per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Registration
Statement means the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-283872) filed with the Commission, which
registers the sale of the Warrants and the Warrant Shares, among others, to the Purchasers, and includes any Rule 462(b) Registration
Statement.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Securities
Purchase Agreement means the securities purchase agreement, dated as of January 13, 2025, among the Company and the purchasers
named therein, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer
Agent means Transfer Online, Inc., the current transfer agent of the Company, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then
listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good
faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and
expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other prefunded Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Section
2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted
by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank
unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original
Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of
Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this
Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised
in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the
date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a
portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall
maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection
to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this
Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant
Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated
on the face hereof.

b) Exercise
Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share, was pre-funded
to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the nominal exercise
price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise of this Warrant.
The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price under any
circumstance or for any reason whatsoever, including in the event this Warrant shall not have been exercised prior to the Termination
Date. The remaining unpaid exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.0001, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

c) Cashless
Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in
which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A),
where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior
to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities
laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of
the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg as
of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular
trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close
of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder;
and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a
cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

d)Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust
Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such
system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the
Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate,
registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which
the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is
the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Days
comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant
Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have
become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of
delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise)
is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject
to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not
as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery
Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.
The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding
and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a
number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery
of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m.
(New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Securities Purchase
Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial
Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of
the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date.

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other
respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by
its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and
such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

e)Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to
the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership
of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

c)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent
(or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such
Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised
at the time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the
Holder has exercised this Warrant.

d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in
one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the
Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares
for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock or greater
than 50% of the voting power of the outstanding securities of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant
to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including,
without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons
whereby such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting
power of the outstanding securities of the Company, it being understood that the conversion of the currently outstanding shares of the
Companys Series C-1 Preferred Stock and Series C-2 Preferred Stock into Common Stock in accordance with the terms of Certificate
of Designations in effect as of the date hereof shall not constitute a transaction as described in (i) through (v) (each a Fundamental
Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant
Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option
of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock
of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the
Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares
of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation
in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be
appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of
one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration
in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common
Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall
be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.
The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of
the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies
the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock
pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company
shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor
Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto
and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and
the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally,
had been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this
Section 3(d) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares
and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common
Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock
of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of
all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities,
cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall
appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter
specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption,
rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled
to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

g) Voluntary
Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term of
this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors
of the Company.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part,
upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of
this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay
any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute
and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not
so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the
Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for
the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in
accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and
shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to
Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required
to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) Authorized
Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of
law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York,
Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is
not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant,
the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of
this Warrant or the Securities Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this
Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient
to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings,
incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies
hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any
Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service,
addressed to the Company, at ___________, Attention: ___________, email address: ___________, or such other email address or address
as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be
provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice
or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if
such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City
time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail
at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any
Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service,
or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder
constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this
Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

NAYA
BIOSCIENCES, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To: NAYA
BIOSCIENCES, INC.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in
lawful money of the United States; or

if
permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c),
to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date:
________________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated: 
_______________ __, ______ 

Holders
Signature: 

Holders
Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex4-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.3

UNLESS
THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC),
TO ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE
& CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR
TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR
OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN

GLOBAL
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

NAYA
Biosciences, Inc.

Certificate
No.: 1 CUSIP
No.:

Warrant
Shares: 13,615,171 Issue
Date: January 14, 2025

THIS
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, CEDE & Co. or its assigns (the
Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set
forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York
City time) on January 14, 2030 (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from NAYA
Biosciences, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), up to 13,615,171 shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder,
the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be
equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) (based
on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market,
the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable,
(c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported
on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price
per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Registration
Statement means the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-283872) filed with the Commission, which
registers the sale of the Warrants and the Warrant Shares, among others, to the Purchasers, and includes any Rule 462(b) Registration
Statement.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Securities
Purchase Agreement means the securities purchase agreement, dated as of January 13, 2025 among the Company and the purchasers
named therein, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer
Agent means Transfer Online, Inc., the current transfer agent of the Company, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then
listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported,
or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good
faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and
expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF
copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank
unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original
Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of
Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this
Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised
in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the
date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a
portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall
maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection
to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this
Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant
Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated
on the face hereof.

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.70, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus
contained therein is not available for the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares to or by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be
exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive
a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A)
= as
applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined
in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder,
either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of
the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered
within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading
Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice
of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the
close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B)
= the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)
= the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery
of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant
Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by
the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number
of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the
Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate
purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective
of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless
exercise) is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares
subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages
and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of
the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant
Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds
such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains
outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed
in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date
of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by
the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of
a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then
outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice
to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall
continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such
notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in
strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent
with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly
give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)
Subsequent Equity Sales. If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding,
shall sell, enter into an agreement to sell, or grant any option to purchase, or sell, enter into an agreement to sell, or grant any
right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition)
any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, at an effective price per share less than the Exercise Price then in effect (such lower
price, the Base Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive Issuance) (it being
understood and agreed that if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation
of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options
or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective
price per share that is less than the Exercise Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price
on such date of the Dilutive Issuance at such effective price), then simultaneously with the consummation (or, if earlier, the announcement)
of each Dilutive Issuance the Exercise Price shall be reduced and only reduced to equal the Base Share Price. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no adjustments shall be made, paid or issued under this Section 3(b) in respect of an Exempt Issuance. The Company shall notify the Holder,
in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance or deemed issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject
to this Section 3(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and
other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the
Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 3(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is
entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares based upon the Base Share Price regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to
the Base Share Price in the Notice of Exercise. If the Company enters into a Variable Rate Transaction, the Company shall be deemed to
have issued Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at the lowest possible price, conversion price or exercise price at which such securities
may be issued, converted or exercised.

c)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to
the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership
of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

d)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent
(or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such
Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised
at the time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the
Holder has exercised this Warrant.

e)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary),
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender
or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding
Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power of the outstanding securities of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property,
or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
or greater than 50% of the voting power of the outstanding securities of the Company, it being understood that the conversion of the
currently outstanding shares of the Companys Series C-1 Preferred Stock and Series C-2 Preferred Stock into Common Stock in accordance
with the terms of Certificate of Designations in effect as of the date hereof shall not constitute a transaction as described in (i)
through (v) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall
have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence
of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this
Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation,
and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction
by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction
(without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination
of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price
among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor
(the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other
Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at
the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written
instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital
stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an
exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value
of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of
shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior
to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon
the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this
Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant
and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor
Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the
Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume
all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if
the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance
of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 3(e) regardless of (i) whether the Company has
sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs
prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

f)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to
be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

h)
Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during
the term of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board
of directors of the Company.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written
assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient
to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall
execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not
so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the
Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for
the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the original Issue Date and
shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be
required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

d)
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York,
Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is
not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant,
the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that
the right to exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant or the Securities
Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material
damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including,
but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting
any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without
limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at ___________, Attention: ___________, email address: ___________, or such other email address
or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries
to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice
or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if
such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City
time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail
at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any
Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service,
or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder
constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and
the Holder.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

NAYA
BIOSCIENCES, INC .

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To:
NAYA BIOSCIENCES, INC.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in
lawful money of the United States; or

if
permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c),
to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date:
________________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated:
_______________
__, ______ 

Holders
Signature: 

Holders
Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex4-4.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.4

PLACEMENT
AGENT COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

NAYA
Biosciences, Inc.

Warrant
Shares: 746,357 Initial
Exercise Date: July 14, 2025

Issue
Date: January 14, 2025

THIS
PLACEMENT AGENT COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, Maxim Partners LLC
or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions
hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date referred to above as the Initial Exercise Date (the Initial Exercise
Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on January 13, 2030 (the Termination Date) but
not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from NAYA Biosciences, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), up
to 746,357 shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of
one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain
Placement Agency Agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement), dated January 13, 2025, between the Company and Maxim Group
LLC, as placement agent.:

Section
2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted
by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless
the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice
of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise
be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable of the date
on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares
purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain
records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any
Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant,
acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares
hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the
face hereof.

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.875, subject to adjustment hereunder (the
Exercise Price).

c) Cashless
Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in
which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A),
where:

(A)
= as
applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed
and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined
in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder,
either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of
the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of
the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading
hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of
regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B)
= the
Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)
= the
number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or
a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock are then listed
or quoted on The New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American or any tier of The Nasdaq Stock Market (each, a Trading Market),
the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which
the Common Stock are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) (based on a trading day from
9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Common Stock are listed or quoted on the OTCQB or OTCQX
(each as operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc., or any successor market), the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such
date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock are not then listed or quoted for trading
on the OTCQB or OTCQX Markets and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the OTC Pink Market published by OTC Markets Group
Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the
Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company and reasonably acceptable to the Holder, the fees and expenses of which
shall be paid by the Company.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

d)Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust
Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such
system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the
Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise and the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale
by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, and otherwise by physical delivery
of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant
Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by
the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number
of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the
Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate
purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective
of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless
exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares
subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages
and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of
the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant
Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds
such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains
outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed
in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date
of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other
respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by
its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and
such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by
the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of
a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then
outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number
of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of
this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this
paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct
this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein
contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained
in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent
Equity Sales. If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, shall sell,
enter into an agreement to sell, or grant any option to purchase, or sell, enter into an agreement to sell, or grant any right to reprice,
or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock
or Common Stock Equivalents, at an effective price per share less than the Exercise Price then in effect (such lower price, the Base
Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive Issuance) (it being understood and agreed that
if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments,
reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which
are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is less
than the Exercise Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive
Issuance at such effective price), then simultaneously with the consummation (or, if earlier, the announcement) of each Dilutive Issuance
the Exercise Price shall be reduced and only reduced to equal the Base Share Price. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustments shall
be made, paid or issued under this Section 3(b) in respect of an Exempt Issuance. The Company shall notify the Holder, in writing, no
later than the Trading Day following the issuance or deemed issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this
Section 3(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other
pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company
provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 3(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is entitled
to receive a number of Warrant Shares based upon the Base Share Price regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base
Share Price in the Notice of Exercise. If the Company enters into a Variable Rate Transaction, the Company shall be deemed to have issued
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at the lowest possible price, conversion price or exercise price at which such securities may
be issued, converted or exercised.

c) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells
any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any
class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms
applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number
of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including
without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance
or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are
to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the
Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of
Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for
the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise, other
than cash (including, without limitation, any distribution of stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin
off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent
(or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such
Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised
at the time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the
Holder has exercised this Warrant.

e) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary), directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in
one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the
Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares
for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock or greater
than 50% of the voting power of the outstanding securities of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant
to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including,
without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons
whereby such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting
power of the outstanding securities of the Company, it being understood that the conversion of the currently outstanding shares of the
Companys Series C-1 Preferred Stock and Series C-2 Preferred Stock into Common Stock in accordance with the terms of Certificate
of Designations in effect as of the date hereof shall not constitute a transaction as described in (i) through (v) (each a Fundamental
Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant
Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option
of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock
of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the
Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares
of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation
in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be
appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of
one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration
in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common
Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall
be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.
The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of
the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies
the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock
pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such
exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company
shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor
Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto
and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and
the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally,
had been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this
Section 3(e) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares
and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common
Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock
of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of
all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities,
cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall
appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter
specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption,
rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled
to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

h) Voluntary
Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term of
this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors
of the Company.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), neither this Warrant nor any Warrant Shares issued upon exercise of this Warrant shall be sold, transferred,
assigned, pledged or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result
in the effective economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement
of sales of the offering pursuant to which this Warrant is being issued, except as permitted under FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2). Subject to
the foregoing restriction, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written
assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient
to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall
execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not
so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the
Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for
the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in
accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the original Issue Date and shall be identical
with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d) Representation
by the Holder: The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section
5. Registration Rights.

a) To
the extent the Company does not maintain an effective registration statement for the Warrant
Shares and in the further event that the Company files a registration statement with the
Securities and Exchange Commission covering the sale of its shares of Common Stock (other
than a registration statement on Form S-4 or S-8, or on another form, or in another context,
in which such piggyback registration would be inappropriate), then, for a period
of five (5) years from the commencement of sales of the Offering, the Company shall give
written notice of such proposed filing to the Holder as soon as practicable but in no event
less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date, which notice shall describe the
amount and type of securities to be included in such offering, the intended method(s) of
distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters, if any,
of the offering, and offer to the Holder in such notice the opportunity to register the sale
of such number of shares of Warrant Shares as such Holder may request in writing within five
(5) days following receipt of such notice (a Piggyback Registration).
The Company shall cause such Warrant Shares to be included in such registration and shall
use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the managing underwriter or underwriters
of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Warrant Shares requested to be included
in a Piggyback Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of
the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Warrant Shares in accordance
with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All Holders proposing to distribute
their securities through a Piggyback Registration that involves an underwriter or underwriters
shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters
selected for such Piggyback Registration. Furthermore, each Holder must provide such information
as reasonably requested by the Company (which information shall be limited to that which
is required for disclosure under the Securities Act and the forms, rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder) to be included in the registration statement timely or the Company
may elect to exclude such Holder from the registration statement.

b) In
addition, to the extent the Company does not maintain an effective registration statement
for the Warrant Shares, for a period of five (5) years from the commencement of sales of
the Offering, the Holder shall be entitled to one (1) demand right for the registration of
the Warrant Shares at the Companys expense (other than any underwriting discounts,
selling commissions, share transfer taxes applicable to the sale of the Warrant Shares, and
fees and disbursements of counsel for the Holder) (the Demand Registration).
In the event of a Demand Registration, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to register the applicable Warrant Shares. All Holders of Warrant Shares proposing
to distribute their securities through a Demand Registration that involves an underwriter
or underwriters shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter
or underwriters selected for such Demand Registration. Furthermore, each Holder must provide
such information as reasonably requested by the Company (which information shall be limited
to that which is required for disclosure under the Securities Act and the forms, rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder) to be included in the registration statement timely or
the Company may elect to exclude such Holder from the registration statement.

c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the registration rights described in this Section 5 shall be subject to limitations
imposed by the Commissions rules or comments of the Commission staff in connection
with its review of the registration statement for any such resale registration. Moreover,
notwithstanding the foregoing registration obligations of the Company, if the Company furnishes
to the Holders requesting a Demand Registration a certificate signed by the Companys
chief executive officer stating that in the good faith judgment of the Companys Board
of Directors it would be materially detrimental to the Company and its stockholders for a
registration statement to either become effective or remain effective for as long as such
registration statement otherwise would be required to remain effective, because such action
would (i) materially interfere with a significant acquisition, corporate reorganization,
or other similar transaction involving the Company; (ii) require premature disclosure of
material information that the Company has a bona fide business purpose for preserving as
confidential; or (iii) render the Company unable to comply with requirements under the Securities
Act or Exchange Act, then the Company shall have the right to defer taking action with respect
to such Demand Registration or withdraw a related registration statement for a period of
not more than forty-five (45) calendar days; provided, however, that the Company may not
invoke this right more than twice in any twelve (12) month period or during the twelve (12)
month period prior to the Termination Date.

Section
6. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to
Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required
to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) Authorized
Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Governing
Law; Venue. This Warrant shall be deemed to have been executed and delivered in New York and both this Warrant and the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be governed as to validity, interpretation, construction, effect, and in all other respects by the laws of
the State of New York applicable to agreements wholly performed within the borders of such state and without regard to the conflicts
of laws principals thereof (other than Section 5-1401 of The New York General Obligations Law). Each of the Holder and the Company: (a)
agrees that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Warrant and/or the transactions contemplated hereby
shall be instituted exclusively in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County, or in the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York, (b) waives any objection which it may have or hereafter to the venue of any such suit, action
or proceeding, and (c) irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County, or in the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in any such suit, action or proceeding. Each of the Holder and the
Company further agrees to accept and acknowledge service of any and all process which may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding
in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York and agrees that service of process upon the Company mailed by certified mail to the Companys address or delivered by Federal
Express via overnight delivery shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company, in any such suit, action
or proceeding, and service of process upon the Holder mailed by certified mail to the Holders address or delivered by Federal
Express via overnight delivery shall be deemed in every respect effective service process upon the Holder, in any such suit, action or
proceeding. THE HOLDER (ON BEHALF OF ITSELF, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ON BEHALF OF ITS RESPECTIVE
EQUITY HOLDERS AND CREDITORS) HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT HOLDER MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIM BASED UPON, ARISING
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS WARRANT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS WARRANT.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of
this Warrant or the Securities Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this
Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient
to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings,
incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies
hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided hereunder shall be made in accordance with the Placement Agency
Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this
Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

NAYA
BIOSCIENCES, INC .

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To: NAYA
BIOSCIENCES, INC.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in
lawful money of the United States; or

if
permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c),
to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date:
________________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated:
_______________
__, ______ 

Holders
Signature: 

Holders
Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of January 13, 2025, between NAYA Biosciences, Inc.,
a Nevada corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including
its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act (as defined below) the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires
to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st) Trading
Day following the date hereof (or the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date hereof if this Agreement is signed on a
day that is not a Trading Day or after 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on a Trading Day).

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Common
Warrants means, collectively, the Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance
with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Warrants shall be exercisable immediately and have a term of exercise equal to five (5) years, in the
form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Common
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants.

Company
Counsel means Glaser Weil Fink Jordan Howard & Shapiro LLP.

Company
IP Counsel means Pearl Cohen Zedek Latzer Baratz.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the
date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight
(New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date
hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

EGS
means Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, with offices located at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10105-0302.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock, options, restricted stock units and similar equity incentive units
to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock option or equity incentive plan duly adopted for such purpose,
by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors
established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any
Securities issued in the offering contemplated hereby and pursuant to the Prospectus, warrants issued to the Placement Agent in connection
with the offering of the Securities and any securities upon exercise of the warrants issued to the Placement Agent and/or securities
exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date hereof (including, for
the avoidance of doubt, upon conversion of the Companys Series C-1 Preferred Stock, Series C-2 Preferred Stock and the Companys
Senior Secured Convertible Debenture Due December 11, 2025), provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this
Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities
(other than in connection with (i) stock splits or combinations or in connection with anti-dilution adjustments or resets in effect as
of the date hereof with respect to such securities, other than the Certificate of Designation for Series C-2 Preferred Stock and the
Debenture (as defined herein), or (ii) stock splits or combinations or in connection with anti-dilution adjustments or resets or any
other price adjustment provisions set forth in the Certificate of Designation for Series C-2 Preferred Stock and the Debenture, as such
Certificate of Designation for Series C-2 Preferred Stock and the Debenture may be amended or modified from time to time)), (c) securities
issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided
that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that
require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.11(a) herein,
and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries,
an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company
additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities
primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities and (d) up to $13,000,000.00
of Securities issued to other purchasers not party to this Agreement and pursuant to the Prospectus concurrently with the Closing at
the same Per Share Purchase Price of the Securities issued hereunder, which, for the avoidance of doubt, excludes the aggregate Subscription
Amount pursuant to this Agreement.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

FDA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

FDCA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Lock-Up
Agreement means the Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company and the directors, officers,
and 5% stockholders of the Company, in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Per
Share Purchase Price equals $0.70, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement, provided that the purchase price per
Prefunded Warrant shall be the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.0001.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Pharmaceutical
Product shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

Placement
Agent means Maxim Group LLC.

Prefunded
Warrant means, collectively, the Prefunded Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance
with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Prefunded Warrants shall be exercisable immediately and shall expire when exercised in full, in the
form of Exhibit C attached hereto.

Prefunded
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Prefunded Warrants.

Preliminary
Prospectus means any preliminary prospectus included in the Registration Statement, as originally filed or as part of any
amendment thereto, or filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(a) of the rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities
Act.

Pricing
Prospectus means (i) the Preliminary Prospectus relating to the Securities that was included in the Registration Statement
immediately prior to 9:30 A.M. (New York City time) on the date hereof and (ii) any free writing prospectus (as defined in the Securities
Act) identified on Schedule A hereto, taken together.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus
means the final prospectus filed for the Registration Statement, including all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated
by reference into such base prospectus.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration
Statement means the effective registration statement with Commission file No. 333-283872 which registers the sale of the Securities
to the Purchasers, and includes any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
462(b) Registration Statement means any registration statement prepared by the Company registering additional Securities,
which was filed with the Commission on or prior to the date hereof and became automatically effective pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated
by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act.

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares and Common Warrants (and/or Prefunded Warrants
and Common Warrants, as applicable) purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this
Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds (minus,
if applicable, a Purchasers aggregate exercise price of the Prefunded Warrants, which amounts shall be paid as and when such Prefunded
Warrants are exercised).

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, the Pink Market, OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Lock-Up Agreement, the Warrants, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any
other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Transfer Online, Inc., the current transfer agent of the Company, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Variable
Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.11(b).

Warrants
means, collectively, the Common Warrants and the Prefunded Warrants.

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE
AND SALE

2.1
Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the
Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $9,530,619.70 of Shares and Common Warrants ; provided,
however, that, to the extent that a Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchaser (together with such Purchasers
Affiliates, and any Person acting as a group together with such Purchaser or any of such Purchasers Affiliates) would beneficially
own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, or as such Purchaser may otherwise choose, in lieu of purchasing Shares such Purchaser
may elect to purchase Prefunded Warrants in lieu of Shares in such manner to result in the same aggregate purchase price being paid by
such Purchaser to the Company. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, at the election of the Purchaser
at Closing, 9.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Securities
on the Closing Date. Each Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser
shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment settlement with the Company or its designee. The Company shall deliver
to each Purchaser its respective Securities as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver
the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections
2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall take place remotely by electronic transfer of the Closing documentation. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, if at any time on or after the time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser, through,
and including the time immediately prior to the Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), such Purchaser sells to any
Person all, or any portion, of the Shares to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement
Shares), such Purchaser shall, automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company),
be deemed to be unconditionally bound to purchase, such Pre-Settlement Shares at the Closing; provided, that the Company shall not be
required to deliver any Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser prior to the Companys receipt of the purchase price of such Pre-Settlement
Shares hereunder; and provided further that the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the forgoing shall not constitute a representation
or covenant by such Purchaser as to whether or not during the Pre-Settlement Period such Purchaser shall sell any shares of Common Stock
to any Person and that any such decision to sell any shares of Common Stock by such Purchaser shall solely be made at the time such Purchaser
elects to effect any such sale, if any. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares shall occur via Delivery
Versus Payment (DVP) (i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers
names and addresses and released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser;
upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment
therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company). Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary herein and a Purchasers Subscription Amount set forth on the signature pages attached hereto, the number of Shares purchased
by a Purchaser (and its Affiliates) hereunder shall not, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock owned by such Purchaser
(and its Affiliates) at such time, result in such Purchaser beneficially owning (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act) in excess of 9.99% of the then issued and outstanding Common Stock outstanding at the Closing (the Beneficial
Ownership Maximum), and such Purchasers Subscription Amount, to the extent it would otherwise exceed the Beneficial
Ownership Maximum immediately prior to the Closing, shall be conditioned upon the issuance of Shares at the Closing to the other Purchasers
signatory hereto. To the extent that a Purchasers beneficial ownership of the Shares would otherwise be deemed to exceed the Beneficial
Ownership Maximum, such Purchasers Subscription Amount shall automatically be reduced as necessary in order to comply with this
paragraph. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise (as defined in the Prefunded Warrants) delivered
on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of
this Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Prefunded Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time)
on the Closing Date and the Closing Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as defined in the Prefunded Warrants) for purposes
hereunder.

2.2
Deliveries.

(a)
On or prior to the Closing Date (except as indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the
following:

(i)
On the date hereof, this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii)
a legal opinion (including negative assurance letter) of Company Counsel, substantially in the form and substance reasonably acceptable
to the Purchasers and Placement Agent;

(iii)
a legal opinion of Company IP Counsel, substantially in the form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Purchasers and Placement
Agent;

(iv)
the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the
Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(v)
a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited basis via The
Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) Shares equal to such Purchasers
Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser (minus the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such Purchasers Prefunded Warrants, if applicable);

(vi)
a Common Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of such
Purchasers Shares and Prefunded Warrant Shares, with an exercise price equal to $0.70, subject to adjustment therein;

(vii)
for each Purchaser of Prefunded Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1, a Prefunded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase
up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable to Prefunded Warrant
divided by the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.0001 with an exercise price equal to $0.0001, subject to adjustment therein;

(viii)
on the date hereof, the duly executed Lock-Up Agreements; and

(ix)
the Pricing Prospectus and Prospectus (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

(b)
On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i)
On the date hereof, this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii)
such Purchasers Subscription Amount, which shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment settlement with the
Company or its designee.

2.3
Closing Conditions.

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects)
on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in
which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality,
in all respects) as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
performed; and

(iii)
the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b)
The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless
as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects or, to the extent representations or warranties
are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii)
the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv)
there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

(v)
from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such
magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of
such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall
be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding
section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a)
Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company
owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and
all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and
free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references
to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise)
of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in
any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material
Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking
to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no
further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith
other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been
(or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as
limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus,
(iii) application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and listing of the Shares and Warrant
Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iv) such filings as are required to be made under applicable
state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f)
Issuance of the Securities; Registration. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with
the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed
by the Company. The Warrant Shares are duly authorized and, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will be validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized
capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants. The Securities are not
and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted
by the Company. All corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Securities has been duly and
validly taken. The Securities conform in all material respects to all statements with respect thereto contained in the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus. The Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities
Act, which became effective on January 13, 2025 (the Effective Date), including the Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus,
and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective
under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or
preventing the use of each of the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that
purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules
and regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration
Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement
and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not
and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Pricing Prospectus, the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto,
at the time the Pricing Prospectus, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed
and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading.

(g)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule
3.1(g) shall also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as
of the date hereof. The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act,
other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of
Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise
of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has
any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities and as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g),
there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to,
or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe
for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue
shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities or instruments
of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or
instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the
Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings
or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary.
The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement.
All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have
been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of
any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. The authorized shares of the Company conform in all
material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus.
The offers and sales of the Companys securities were at all relevant times either registered under the Securities Act and the
applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws or, based in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers, exempt from such
registration requirements. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for
the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect
to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the
Companys stockholders.

(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Pricing Prospectus
and the Prospectus, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received
a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their
respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act,
as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements
of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and
regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP),
except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements
may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and
its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended,
subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. The agreements and documents described
in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Prospectus, the Prospectus, and the SEC Reports conform in all material respects to the descriptions
thereof contained therein and there are no agreements or other documents required by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Prospectus, the Prospectus or the SEC Reports or to be filed with
the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument
(however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by which it is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred
to in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Prospectus, the Prospectus or the SEC Reports, or (ii) is material to the Companys
business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable
against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally,
(y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and
(z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses
and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefore may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been
assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the Companys actual knowledge any other party is in default thereunder
and, to the Companys actual knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would
constitute a default thereunder. To the Companys actual knowledge, performance by the Company of the material provisions of such
agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing Applicable Law or order or decree of any Governmental Authority
or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses, including, without limitation,
those relating to environmental laws and regulations.

(i)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has
had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent
or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings
made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend
or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any
shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant
to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment
of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), no
event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with
respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition
that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed
made that has not been publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j)
Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding
or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their
respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state,
county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), (i)
adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii)
could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or
liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of
the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former
director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration
statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary,
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local
and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours,
except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(l)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or
toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

(o)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them
and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of
which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

(p)
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which
the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None
of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights
has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date
of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe
upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge
of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any
of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy,
confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including,
but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage
expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase
in cost.

(r)
Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(r), none of the officers or directors of
the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently
a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including
any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal
property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any
officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee
has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other
than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company
and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(s)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations
promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries
maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets
at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and
designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it
files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions
rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of
the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act
(such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange
Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations
as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as
such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(t)
Certain Fees. Except for fees payable by the Company to the Placement Agent, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions
are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment
banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no
obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated
in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities,
will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v)
Registration Rights. No Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities
Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(w)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and
the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration. The Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which
the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance
requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue
to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer
through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to
the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(x)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the
laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company
fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of
the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(y)
Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or
counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise
disclosed in the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing
representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company
to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including
the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement
taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not
misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to
the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(z)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market
on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(aa)
Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt
by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds
the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known
contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its
business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements
of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii)
the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after
taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when
such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature
(taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any
facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(aa) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding
secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For
the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess
of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other
contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys
consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection
or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due
under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to
any Indebtedness.

(bb)
Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income
and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii)
has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such
returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no
basis for any such claim. The provisions for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial statements filed with or as part of the Registration
Statement are sufficient for all accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed, and for all periods to and including the dates of
such consolidated financial statements. The term taxes mean all federal, state, local, foreign, and other net income, gross
income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll,
employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments,
or charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax, or additional amounts with respect
thereto. The term returns means all returns, declarations, reports, statements, and other documents required to be filed
in respect to taxes.

(cc)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd)
Accountants. The Companys accounting firm is set forth on Schedule 3.1(dd) of the Disclosure Schedules. To the knowledge
and belief of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall
express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2024 

(ee)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or
any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ff)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding
(except for Sections 3.2 (f) and 4.13 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has
been asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities
of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified
term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales
or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively
impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative
transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the
Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party
in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage
in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the
periods that the value of the Warrant Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging activities
(if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging
activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any
of the Transaction Documents.

(gg)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the placement
of the Securities.

(hh)
FDA. As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) under
the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured,
packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a Pharmaceutical
Product), such Pharmaceutical Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or marketed
by the Company in compliance with all applicable requirements under FDCA and similar laws, rules and regulations relating to registration,
investigational use, premarket clearance, licensure, or application approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices,
good clinical practices, product listing, quotas, labeling, advertising, record keeping and filing of reports, except where the failure
to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending, completed or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened,
action (including any lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation)
against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter
or other communication from the FDA or any other governmental entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration,
or approval of, the uses of, the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and
promotion of any Pharmaceutical Product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws
or orders the withdrawal of advertising or sales promotional materials relating to, any Pharmaceutical Product, (iii) imposes a clinical
hold on any clinical investigation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production at any facility of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) enters or proposes to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges any violation of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
and which, either individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect. The properties, business and operations of
the Company have been and are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations
of the FDA. The Company has not been informed by the FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the United
States of any product proposed to be developed, produced or marketed by the Company nor has the FDA expressed any concern as to approving
or clearing for marketing any product being developed or proposed to be developed by the Company.

(ii)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the
Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the
release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or
prospects.

(jj)
Cybersecurity. (i)(x) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any
Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective
customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively,
IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of
any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and
Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders,
rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations
relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use,
access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii)
the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material
confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company
and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

(kk)
Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. (i) The Company and the Subsidiaries are, and at all times during the last three (3) years
were, in compliance with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations, including, without
limitation, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively, Privacy
Laws); (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to
ensure compliance with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure,
handling and analysis of Personal Data (as defined below) (the Policies); (iii) the Company provides accurate notice
of its applicable Policies to its customers, employees, third party vendors and representatives as required by the Privacy Laws; and
(iv) applicable Policies provide accurate and sufficient notice of the Companys then-current privacy practices relating to its
subject matter, and do not contain any material omissions of the Companys then-current privacy practices, as required by Privacy
Laws. Personal Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, email address, photograph,
social security number, bank information, or customer or account number; (ii) any information which would qualify as personally
identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by GDPR;
and (iv) any other piece of information that allows the identification of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection
or analysis of any identifiable data related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. (i) None of such disclosures
made or contained in any of the Policies have been inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive in violation of any Privacy Laws and (ii) the
execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents will not result in a breach of any Privacy Laws or Policies. Neither
the Company nor the Subsidiaries (i) to the knowledge of the Company, has received written notice of any actual or potential liability
of the Company or the Subsidiaries under, or actual or potential violation by the Company or the Subsidiaries of, any of the Privacy
Laws; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation or other corrective action pursuant
to any regulatory request or demand pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement by or with any
court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority that imposed any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

(ll)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(mm)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers
request.

(nn)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly,
five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity
of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(oo)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case
they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to
which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except:
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

(b)
Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct
or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this
representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or
otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the
ordinary course of its business.

(c)
Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each
date on which it exercises any Warrants, it will be an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3),
(a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12) or (a)(13) under the Securities Act.

(d)
Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of
an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e)
Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including
all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed
necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the
Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition,
results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that
is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither
the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect
to the Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes
any representation as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public
information with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance of the
Securities to such Purchaser, neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to
such Purchaser.

(f)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has
not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser
first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material
pricing terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other
than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of
all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions,
with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained
herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order
to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER
AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
Warrant Shares. If all or any portion of a Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to
cover the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares or if the Warrant is exercised via cashless exercise, the Warrant Shares issued pursuant
to any such exercise shall be issued free of all legends. If at any time following the date hereof the Registration Statement (or any
subsequent registration statement registering the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares) is not effective or is not otherwise available
for the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares, the Company shall immediately notify the holders of the Warrants in writing that such registration
statement is not then effective and thereafter shall promptly notify such holders when the registration statement is effective again
and available for the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not limit the ability
of the Company to issue, or any Purchaser to sell, any of the Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities
laws). The Company shall use best efforts to keep a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) registering the issuance
or resale of the Warrant Shares effective during the term of the Warrants.

4.2
Furnishing of Information. Until the earlier of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities or (ii) the Warrants have expired,
the Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports
required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the
reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.3
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the
rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction
unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company
represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including,
without limitation, the Placement Agent, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition,
effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations
under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors,
employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any
of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that each
Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and each Purchaser
shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the
Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of
the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any
press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law,
in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser
in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except
(a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to
the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with
prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

4.5
Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person,
that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill
(including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by
the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving
Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6
Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting
on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes
constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such
information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each
Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public
information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall
not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees,
Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of
their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, not to trade
on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent
that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the
Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice with the Commission pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant
in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

4.7
Use of Proceeds. Except as set forth in the Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus, the Company shall use the net proceeds from
the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion
of the Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices)
other than as described in the Prospectus, (b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents other than the Companys
Series C-2 Preferred Stock, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

4.8
Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser
and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent
role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders,
agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all
losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements,
court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result
of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement
or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their
respective Affiliates, by the Company or any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect
to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, the indemnification provided
herein is intended to, and shall also cover, direct claims brought by the Company against the Purchaser Parties, unless such action is
solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents
or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party
of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud,
gross negligence or willful misconduct. If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may
be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and, the Company shall have
the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser
Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses
of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically
authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ
counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel a material conflict on any material issue between the
position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees
and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y)
for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys
breach of any of the representations, in the other Transaction Documents. In addition, if any Purchaser Party takes actions to collect
any amounts due under any Transaction Documents or to enforce the provisions of any Transaction Documents, then the Company shall pay
the costs incurred by such Purchaser Party for such collection, enforcement or action, including, but not limited to, attorneys
fees and disbursements. The indemnification required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during
the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein
shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities
the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.9
Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep
available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company
to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants.

4.10
Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock
on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all
of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such
Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will
then include in such application all of the Shares and Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of
the Shares and Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take
all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects
with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees
to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing
corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing
corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.11
Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a)
From the date hereof until ninety (90) days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into
any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii)
file any registration statement or any amendment or supplement thereto, other than the Prospectus or a resale registration statement
registering the resale of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Companys Series C-1 Preferred Stock, Series
C-2 Preferred Stock and Companys Senior Secured Convertible Debenture Due December 11, 2025 (as amended from time to time, the
Debenture) outstanding as of the date hereof, or filing a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with any employee
benefit plan.

(b)
From the date hereof until twelve (12) months after the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into
an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination
of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction, other than any issuances of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents pursuant
to the Certificate of Designation for the Series C-2 Preferred Stock and the Debenture, or any adjustments, amendments, waivers, or modifications
pursuant to the Certificate of Sesignation for the Series C-2 Preferred Stock and the Debenture. Variable Rate Transaction
means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or
exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or
exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock
at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is
subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified
or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters
into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market
offering, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant to such
agreement have actually been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled; provided, however, with the written
consent of Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares and Prefunded Warrants based on the initial Subscription
Amounts hereunder, 90 days after the Closing Date, the entry into and/or issuance of shares of Common Stock in an at the market
offering or equity line of credit with the Placement Agent as sales agent shall not be deemed a Variable Rate Transaction.
Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be
in addition to any right to collect damages.

(c)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.11 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction
shall be an Exempt Issuance.

4.12
Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid
to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration
is also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate
right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat
the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the
purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise.

4.13
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that
neither it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including
Short Sales of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at
such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as
described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described
in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included
in the Disclosure Schedules and Transaction Documents (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding
the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees
that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any
securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to
the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions
in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser
shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries,
or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agent, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, after
the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that
is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and
the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of
such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio
manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.14
Capital Changes. Except (a) for a reverse stock split of the Companys common stock at a ratio ranging from any whole number
between 1-for-2 and 1-for-20, as described in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 15, 2024,
(b) for a reverse stock split effected in connection with maintaining compliance with the rules of any Trading Market, and (c) as provided
with the written consent of Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares and Prefunded Warrants based on the initial
Subscription Amounts hereunder, until the one-year anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company shall not undertake a reverse or forward
stock split or reclassification of the Common Stock.

4.15
Exercise Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required
of the Purchasers in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required
of the Purchasers to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required,
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to
exercise the Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms,
conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.16
Lock-Up Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any of the Lock-Up Agreements except
to extend the term of the lock-up period and shall enforce the provisions of each Lock-Up Agreement in accordance with its terms. If
any party to a Lock-Up Agreement breaches any provision of a Lock-Up Agreement, the Company shall promptly use its best efforts to seek
specific performance of the terms of such Lock-Up Agreement.

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without
any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the
Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however,
that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2
Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the
negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including,
without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice
delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Pricing Prospectus and the
Prospectus, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior
agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such
documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later
than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if
sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required
to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

5.5
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares and Prefunded
Warrants based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case
of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification
or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or multiple Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted
Purchaser (or at least 50.1% in interest of such multiple Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to
any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any
subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party
to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately,
materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the
other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with
this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom
such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the
transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the third party beneficiary of the representations, warranties, and
covenants of the Company in this Agreement and the representations, warranties, and covenants of the Purchasers in this Agreement. This
Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the
benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section
5.8.

5.9
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto
or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively
in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or
in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of
any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process
in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction
Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall
be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

5.10
Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party,
it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose
behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13
Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions
of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction
Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may
rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election
in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that in the case of a rescission
of an exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded
exercise notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and
the restoration of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance
of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

5.14
Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation),
or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also
pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that
monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction
Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that
a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.16
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document
or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17
Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document
are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance
or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other
Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as
a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way
acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each
Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of
this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional
party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents. For reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to
communicate with the Company through EGS. EGS does not represent any of the Purchasers and only represents the Placement Agent. The Company
has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because
it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in
this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and
the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18
Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction
Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts
have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts
are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.20
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each
and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

5.21
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY,
THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY,
IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature
Pages Follow)

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

NAYA Biosciences, Inc. Address
for Notice:

By: E-Mail:

Name: 

Title: 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO NAYA SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: _________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory:_________________________________________

Address
for Notice to Purchaser:

Address
for Delivery of Warrants to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Subscription
Amount: $_________________

Shares:
_________________

Prefunded
Warrant Shares: __________________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

Warrant
Shares: __________________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

EIN
Number: _______________________

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to
purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the
Company to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii)
the Closing shall occur on the first (1st) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any condition to Closing contemplated
by this Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed of any
agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead be
an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate or
the like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

[SIGNATURE
PAGES CONTINUE]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

Class
C-2 Preferred StoCK REDEMPTION Agreement

This
CLASS C-2 PREFERRED STOCK REDEMPTION AGREEMENT (this Agreement),
dated January 13, 2025 (the Agreement Date), is entered into by and between NAYA Biosciences Inc. (the Company),
and Five Narrow Lane LP (the Stockholder). The Company and the Stockholder are referred to together as the Parties
and each as a Party.

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
the Company has issued to the Stockholder shares of the Companys Series C-2 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per
share (the Preferred Stock) with such rights and preferences as set forth in the Certificate of Designations of
the Series C-2 Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designations);

WHEREAS,
the Certificate of Designations authorizes 8,576 shares of Preferred Stock for issuance, of which, the Stockholder currently owns beneficially
and of record 8,076 shares;

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to redeem, and the Stockholder desires the Company to redeem, 4,000 of the shares of Preferred Stock held by the
Stockholder (the Shares) in exchange for the Purchase Price (as defined below) on the terms and conditions set forth
herein;

WHEREAS,
concurrently with the redemption of the Shares, the Company desires to conduct a public offering (the Public Offering)
of shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock), warrants to purchase
shares of Common Stock and prefunded warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (collectively, the Securities);
and

WHEREAS,
the Stockholder desires to participate in the Public Offering pursuant to a securities purchase agreement (the Public Offering
Purchase Agreement) to be entered into by and between the Company, the Stockholder and any other purchasers party thereto
and to purchase Securities in the Public Offering for an aggregate purchase price set forth on the Stockholders signature page
to the Public Offering Purchase Agreement (the Subscription Amount).

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, of the mutual agreements hereinafter set forth, and of other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree follows:

AGREEMENT

1.
Recitals. The Parties agree that the Recitals set forth above are true and correct and are incorporated into this Agreement by
this reference.

2.
Redemption. On the Effective Date (as defined below), the Company shall purchase and acquire from the Stockholder, and the Stockholder
shall sell, assign and transfer to the Company, the Shares in exchange for the Purchase Price (as defined below) (the Redemption).
On the Effective Date, the Stockholder shall deliver to the Company such stock powers or other instruments of transfer for the Shares
reasonably requested by the Company.

3.
Purchase Price. The purchase price for the Shares shall equal $4,000,000 (the Purchase Price), which represents
the Stated Value (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) of the Shares and which, for the avoidance of doubt, does not include
any amounts that have accrued thereon, including without limitation, any accrued Dividends (as defined in the Certificate of Designations)
in the amount of $104,444.44 (such amounts, the Dividend Amount), pursuant to the Certificate of Designations; which
Purchase Price shall be set off against the Subscription Amount (the difference between the Subscription Amount and the Purchase Price,
the Stockholder Net Payment). For the avoidance of doubt, the Dividend Amount plus all accrued payments under the
Certificate of Designations following the Redemption shall remain outstanding as an Additional Amount as defined under the Certificate
of Designations. The Company and the Stockholder hereby agree that, in connection with such set off, upon receipt by the Company in United
States dollars and in immediately available funds of the Stockholder Net Payment from the Stockholder, (i) the Stockholder shall be deemed
to satisfy its obligations to deliver or cause to be delivered the Subscription Amount for the Securities pursuant to the Public Offering
Purchase Agreement and (ii) the Company shall be deemed to satisfy its obligation to pay the Purchase Price for the Shares pursuant to
this Agreement.

4.
Tax Treatment. The Redemption is intended to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a reorganization described in
Section 368(a)(1)(E) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

5.
Closing. The Redemption shall take place substantially contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by
each Party hereto to each other Party (the Effective Date).

6.
Stockholders Representations. The Stockholder represents and warrants to the Company that the following statements are true and
correct as of the Agreement Date and the Effective Date:

(a)
The Stockholder hereby confirms and acknowledges that the Shares are owned beneficially and of record by the Stockholder.

(b)
The Stockholder owns the Shares free and clear of any and all liens, claims, encumbrances, preemptive rights, right of first refusal
and adverse interests of any kind. The Shares are in book-entry form and are not certificated and the Stockholder is not in possession
of any stock certificates evidencing the Shares.

(c)
Stockholder has the requisite entity power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby and otherwise to carry out Stockholders obligations hereunder. The Stockholder has duly executed and delivered this Agreement,
and this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement of the Stockholder, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

7.
Company Representations. The Company represents, warrants and covenants to the Stockholder that the following statements are true
and correct as of the Agreement Date and the Effective Date:

(a)
The Company has the entity power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(b)
The Company has duly executed and delivered this Agreement, and this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement of the
Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

(c)
The execution and delivery of this Agreement, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein, will not constitute a violation
or breach of any term or provision of, or result in the creation of any encumbrance, lien, charge or other restriction under any agreement
to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound.

(d)
The Board of Directors of the Company has specifically determined and resolved that, following the Redemption, the Companys total
assets will not be less than the sum of its total liabilities (immediately following the Redemption).

2

(e)
(i) The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead the Company to believe that it will file for reorganization
or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within 90 days after the date hereof, (ii) the Company
is not currently engaged in any discussions with third parties regarding a sale of the business and assets of the Company or any subsidiary
and the Company is not a party to any letter of intent, term sheet, purchase agreement or other binding or non-binding agreement or document
relating to a sale of the assets and business (including by merger, share exchange or a sale of shares) of the Company or any subsidiary,
and (iii) no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur
or exist with respect to the Company or its subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or
financial condition that a reasonable investor would consider important in making a decision to buy or sell securities of the Company
which has not been disclosed to the Stockholder.

8.
Further Assurances. The Parties agree to sign and deliver such other agreements and instruments, and to do such other acts, as
may be reasonably required to carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement.

9.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire understanding between the Parties with respect to its subject matter, and
supersedes any prior written or oral agreements between them concerning the subject matter of this Agreement. Each Party represents and
warrants that no promises, inducements, or other agreements not expressly contained herein have been made with regard to the obligations,
release, and waiver contained herein.

10.
No Other Representations or Inducement. Each Party acknowledges and warrants that no representations or promises of any kind or
character not contained in this Agreement have been made to induce such Partys signing of this Agreement. Each Party further acknowledges
and warrants that such Party has relied upon the legal advice of such Partys attorney, or that such Party has voluntarily elected
not to seek legal advice from an attorney, and that in any case such Party has read this Agreement and understands all of its terms.
This Agreement is executed voluntarily, without duress, and with full knowledge and understanding of its legal significance.

11.
Amendments. Neither this Agreement, nor any of its terms, may be changed or waived, except by a written document signed by the
Parties. This Agreement shall be effective upon execution hereof by the parties hereto.

12.
Taxes and Expenses. Each Party shall bear its own taxes, attorneys fees, accounting costs, and any other expenses relating
to preparing, reviewing, and signing this Agreement, or in any way arising from this Agreement and carrying out the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

13.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, and both of
which will constitute one and the same agreement. This Agreement may be executed by electronic means, including by email, facsimile or
DocuSign.

14.
Severability. Each provision of this Agreement is intended to be separate and severable from the other provisions of this Agreement.
If any term or provision hereof is deemed illegal or invalid for any reason whatsoever, such illegality or invalidity will not affect
the legality or validity of the remainder of the Agreement.

15.
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be deemed executed in the State of Delaware and is to be governed by and construed under Delaware
law, without regard to its choice of law provisions.

3

16.
Dispute Resolution. The Parties (a) hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the jurisdiction of the state courts of New
York and to the jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the District of New York for the purpose of any suit, action or
other proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement, (b) agree not to commence any suit, action or other proceeding arising
out of or based upon this Agreement except in the state courts of New York or the United States District Court for the District of New
York, and (c) hereby waive, and agree not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise, in any such suit, action or proceeding,
any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts, that its property is exempt or immune from
attachment or execution, that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the suit, action
or proceeding is improper or that this Agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforced in or by such court.

17.
Waiver of Jury Trial: EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES ITS RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM
OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, THE SECURITIES OR THE SUBJECT MATTER
HEREOF OR THEREOF. THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER IS INTENDED TO BE ALL-ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT MAY BE FILED IN ANY COURT
AND THAT RELATE TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS TRANSACTION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE),
BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS, AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS. THIS SECTION HAS BEEN FULLY DISCUSSED BY EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO
AND THESE PROVISIONS WILL NOT BE SUBJECT TO ANY EXCEPTIONS. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY FURTHER WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS THAT SUCH PARTY
HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL, AND THAT SUCH PARTY KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING
CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL.

18.
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the respective successors, heirs and
assigns of the Parties.

Signature
Page Follows

4

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties have executed this Class C-2 Preferred Stock Redemption Agreement as of the Agreement Date.

COMPANY:

NAYA
Biosciences Inc.

By: /s/
Steven Shum

Name: Steven
Shum

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

Stockholder:

Five
Narrow Lane LP

By: /s/
Joseph Hammer

Name: Joseph
Hammer

Title: General
Partner

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

NAYA
Biosciences Announces Pricing of

$9.5
Million Public Offering 

SARASOTA,
Fla. and MIAMI, Jan. 13, 2025 NAYA Biosciences (NAYA) (NASDAQ: NAYA), a life science portfolio company dedicated
to bringing breakthrough treatments to patients in oncology, autoimmune diseases, and womens health, today announced the pricing
of a public offering of an aggregate of 13,615,171 units at a public offering price of $0.70 per unit. Each unit consists of one share
of common stock (or pre-funded warrant in lieu thereof) and one warrant to purchase one share of common stock. The warrants will have
an exercise price of $0.70 per share, will be exercisable immediately upon issuance, and will expire on the five year anniversary of
the original issuance date. The shares of common stock (or pre-funded warrants) and the warrants comprising the units are immediately
separable and will be issued separately in this offering. The closing of the offering is expected to occur on or about January 14, 2025,
subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

Maxim
Group LLC is acting as the lead placement agent for the offering. Brookline Capital Markets, a division of Arcadia Securities, LLC, is
acting as co-placement agent for the offering.

The
gross proceeds from the offering, before deducting placement agents fees and other offering expenses, are expected to be approximately
$9.5 million. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering to fund an installment towards the purchase price of the
Wisconsin Fertility Institute, to redeem 4,000 shares of our Series C-2 preferred stock with a stated value of $4,000,000, towards outstanding
debt obligations that are or will become payable upon completion of the offering and that we do not otherwise restructure or refinance,
and the balance for clinical trials, product development, marketing, strengthening the corporate management team, working capital, general
corporate purposes, and potential acquisitions of complementary businesses, technologies, or other assets.

The
securities described above are being offered pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-283872), which
was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on January 13, 2025. The offering is being made
only by means of a prospectus which forms a part of the effective registration statement. A preliminary prospectus relating to the offering
has been filed with the SEC. Electronic copies of the final prospectus, when available, may be obtained on the SECs website at
www.sec.gov and may also be obtained by contacting Maxim Group LLC at 300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor, New York, NY 10022, Attention: Prospectus
Department, or by telephone at (212) 895-3745 or by email at syndicate@maximgrp.com.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities described herein, nor
shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful
prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

About
NAYA Biosciences

NAYA
Biosciences (NASDAQ: NAYA) is a life science portfolio company dedicated to bringing breakthrough treatments to patients in oncology,
autoimmune diseases, and womens health. Our proven hub & spoke model harnesses the shared resources of a parent company and
agility of lean strategic franchises, enabling efficient acquisition, development, and partnering of assets and allowing for optimized
return on investment by combining scalable, profitable commercial revenues with the upside of innovative clinical-stage therapeutics.

NAYAs
expanding portfolio of assets currently includes NY-303, a GPC3 x NKp46 bifunctional antibody for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma
(HCC) with a unique mode of action targeting non-responders to the current immunotherapy standard of care (approximately 70% of the current
treatable market) cleared to enroll patients in a Phase 1/2a monotherapy trial in 2025, NY-338, a CD38 x NKp46 bifunctional antibody
for the treatment of multiple myeloma and autoimmune diseases with a differentiated safety and efficacy profile, NY-500, a PD-1 x VEGF
bifunctional antibody for the treatment of HCC and other solid tumors, and NY-600 a PSMA x NKp46 bifunctional antibody for the treatment
of metastatic Castration Resistant Prostate Cancer (mCRPC).

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We invoke the protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. All statements regarding our expected future financial position, results of operations, cash flows, financing plans, business strategies,
products and services, competitive positions, growth opportunities, plans and objectives of management for future operations, as well
as statements that include words such as anticipate, if, believe, plan, estimate,
expect, intend, may, could, should, will, and other
similar expressions are forward-looking statements. By their nature, all forward-looking statements are not statements of historical
fact or guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control, which
may cause actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from anticipated results, performance, or achievements. Our
expectations, beliefs, and projections are expressed in good faith, and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them. However, there
can be no assurance that managements expectations, beliefs and projections will result or be achieved and actual results may vary
materially from what is expressed in or indicated by the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ
materially from those in the forward-looking statements include those set forth in our filings at www.sec.gov. We are under no
obligation to (and expressly disclaim any such obligation to) update or alter our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of
new information, future events, or otherwise.

NAYA
Investor & Media Contact

Anna
Baran-Djokovic

SVP, Investor Relations

+1-305-615-9162

anna@nayabiosciences.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>naya-20250110.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>naya-20250110_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>naya-20250110_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39701

Entity Registrant Name NAYA
BIOSCIENCES, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001417926

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-4036208

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 5582
Broadcast Court

Entity Address, City or Town Sarasota

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 34240

City Area Code (978)

Local Phone Number 878-9505

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol NAYA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://nayabiosciences.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
naya-20250110.xsd 
naya-20250110_lab.xml 
naya-20250110_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-002543-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001417926 

2025-01-10 
2025-01-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001417926 
8-K 
2025-01-10 
NAYA BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
NV 
001-39701 
20-4036208 
5582 Broadcast Court 
Sarasota 
FL 
34240 
(978) 
878-9505 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value 
NAYA 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>