<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001683168-25-002245.txt : 20250403
<SEC-HEADER>0001683168-25-002245.hdr.sgml : 20250403
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250403120249
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-25-002245
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		23
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250402
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250403
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250403

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sunshine Biopharma Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001402328
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				205566275
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41282
		FILM NUMBER:		25808156

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 LAS OLAS WAY
		STREET 2:		CU4 SUITE 433
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		954-515-0810

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 LAS OLAS WAY
		STREET 2:		CU4 SUITE 433
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sunshine Biopharma, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mountain West Business Solutions, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071030

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	mountain west business solutions,inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070607
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>sunshine_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000140232800014023282025-04-022025-04-020001402328us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-04-022025-04-020001402328SBFM:CommonStockPurchaseWarrantsMember2025-04-022025-04-02iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): April
2, 2025

SUNSHINE
BIOPHARMA INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Colorado 001-41282 20-5566275

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer ID No.)

333
Las Olas Way

CU4
Suite 433

Fort Lauderdale, FL33301

(Address of principal executive offices) (zip
code)

(954)330-0684

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 SBFM The Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC

Common Stock Purchase Warrants SBFMW The Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into
a Material Definitive Agreement.

On April 2, 2025, Sunshine
Biopharma Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with the
institutional investors named on the signature page thereto, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold, in a registered direct offering,
928,404 shares of its common stock, at a purchase price of $2.07 per share and pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 260,000 shares of
common stock, at a purchase price of $2.06999 per pre-funded warrant.

The offering was made
pursuant to that certain Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284142), which was originally filed on January 6, 2025, and
declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on January 15, 2025, including the Prospectus contained
therein and a prospectus supplement dated April 2, 2025 filed with the SEC on April 3, 2025.

The closing of the offering
occurred on April 3, 2025. The Company received net proceeds of approximately $1.8 million from the offering, after deducting the estimated
offering expenses payable by the Company, including the placement agent fees. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering
for general corporate purposes, including working capital.

In connection with the
offering, the Company entered into a placement agent agreement (the Placement Agent Agreement) with Aegis Capital Corp.
(the Placement Agent), as the exclusive placement agent for the offering. The Company paid the Placement Agent a cash fee
of 8% of the aggregate gross proceeds received in the offering and reimbursed certain expenses of the Placement Agent.

The foregoing summaries
of the Purchase Agreement and the Placement Agent Agreement do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety
by, copies of such documents which are filed as exhibits to this report and are incorporated by reference herein.

Sichenzia Ross Ference
Carmel LLP, securities counsel to the Company, and Andrew I. Telsey, P.C., corporate counsel to the Company, delivered opinions as to
the legality of the issuance and sale of the shares and pre-funded warrants, and enforceability of the pre-funded warrants, as applicable,
copies of which are filed as exhibits to this report.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On April 2, 2025, the
Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the offering. On April 3, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing
the closing of the offering. Copies of the press releases are filed as exhibits to this report.

Item 9.01 Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

5.1 Opinion of Andrew I. Telsey, P.C.

5.2 Opinion of Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement

10.2 Placement Agent Agreement

10.3 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant

99.1 Press Release, dated April 2, 2025

99.2 Press Release, dated April 3, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

2 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Dated: April 3, 2025 SUNSHINE BIOPHARMA INC.

By: /s/ Dr. Steve N. Slilaty 

Dr. Steve N. Slilaty

Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>sunshine_ex0501.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION OF ANDREW I. TELSEY, P.C.
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

Andrew I. Telsey, P.C.Attorney at Law

6198 S. Moline Court, Englewood, Colorado 80111

Telephone: 303/521-7447 E-Mail: andrew@telseylaw.com

April 3, 2025

Sunshine Biopharma Inc.

333 Las Olas Way

CU4 Suite 433

Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

Re: Sunshine Biopharma Inc.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to Sunshine Biopharma
Inc., a Colorado corporation (the Company), This opinion is furnished in connection with the sale of an aggregate of (i)
928,404 shares of common stock (the Shares), and (ii) 260,000 pre-funded warrants (the Pre-funded Warrants)
to purchase shares of common stock (the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares), pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and that certain registration
statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-284142), as amended (the Registration Statement). Capitalized terms used herein
but otherwise defined shall have the meaning set forth in the Purchase Agreement. The Purchase Agreement, the Placement Agent Agreement
and the Pre-Funded Warrants, are referred to collectively as the Transaction Documents.. The Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants
and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares are collectively referred to herein as the Securities.

We have examined originals or certified copies
of such corporate records of the Company and other certificates and documents of officials of the Company, public officials and others
as we have deemed appropriate for purposes of this letter. We have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the legal capacity of each
natural person signing any document reviewed by us, the authority of each person signing in a representative capacity (other than the
Company) any document reviewed by us, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals and the conformity to authentic original
documents of all copies submitted to us or filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) as conformed
and certified or reproduced copies. As to any facts material to our opinion, we have made no independent investigation of such facts and
have relied, to the extent that we deem such reliance proper, upon certificates of public officials and officers or other representatives
of the Company.

In addition, we have examined (i) the Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284142) filed by the Company with the Securities Commission on January 6, 2025, in the form of which
it became effective on January 15, 2025 (the Registration Statement) pursuant to the Securities Act; and (ii) the prospectus
supplement dated April 2, 2025, filed with the Commission on April 3, 2025 pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) promulgated under the Securities
Act (the Prospectus Supplement), together with the base prospectus dated January 15, 2025.

Based upon the foregoing and subject to the assumptions,
exceptions, qualifications and limitations set forth herein, we are of the opinion that when the Shares have been delivered to and paid
for by the Purchasers as contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, the Shares will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable,
and (ii) the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares have been duly authorized and when issued and delivered by the Company against payment therefor
in accordance with the terms of the Pre-Funded Warrants, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

The opinions and other matters in this letter
are qualified in their entirety and subject to the following:

A. With respect to the opinions above, we have assumed that, in the case of the sale of the Securities, (i)
the Registration Statement, is effective under the Securities Act and such effectiveness or qualification shall not have been terminated
or rescinded; (ii) the Securities have been issued and sold in compliance with applicable United States federal and state securities laws
and pursuant to and in the manner stated in the Prospectus Supplement.

B. This letter is limited to the matters stated herein, and no opinion is implied or may be inferred beyond
the matters expressly stated. We assume herein no obligation, and hereby disclaim any obligation, to make any inquiry after the date hereof
or to advise you of any future changes in the foregoing or of any fact or circumstance that may hereafter come to our attention.

C. The matters expressed in this letter are subject to and qualified and limited by (i) applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, fraudulent transfer and conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors rights and remedies
generally, and (ii) general principles of equity, including principles of commercial reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing (regardless
of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity).

D. Our opinion is subject to, and may be limited by, is subject to the effect of (i) applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, receivership, moratorium or assignment for the benefit of creditors laws and other laws affecting the rights
and remedies of creditors generally; (ii) general principles of equity, including without limitation, those governing the availability
of equitable remedies, affording equitable defenses, requiring good faith, fair dealing and reasonableness in the performance and enforcement
of a contract and affording defenses based upon unconscionability, lack of notice, impracticability or impossibility of performance; (iii)
limitations on the enforceability of indemnification, contribution or exculpation provisions under applicable laws or otherwise, including,
without limitation, any provision providing for rights of indemnity or contribution to a party against, or exculpation from, liability
for its own wrongful or negligent acts, or where or to the extent such indemnity or contribution or exculpation is contrary to public
policy; (iv) limitations on the enforceability of any provision of any Transaction Document which is in violation of public policy; (v)
general rules of contract law with respect to matters such as the election of remedies, cumulative remedies, the limits of severability,
parol evidence, mutuality of obligations and opportunity to cure; and (vi) the effect of laws and judicial decisions providing that oral
modifications to a contract or waivers of contractual provisions may be enforceable notwithstanding any express provision in any of the
Transaction Documents that such document may only be modified or waived in writing.

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion
as Exhibit 5.1 to the Companys current report on Form 8-K being filed on the date hereof and incorporated by reference into the
Registration Statement. We also hereby consent to the reference to our firm under the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus
Supplement. In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under
Section 7 of the Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

Yours truly,

ANDREW I. TELSEY, P.C.

/s/ Andrew Telsey

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>sunshine_ex0502.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION OF SICHENZIA ROSS FERENCE CARMEL LLP
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.2

April 3, 2025

Sunshine Biopharma Inc.

333 Las Olas Way

CU4 Suite 433

Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

Re: Registered Direct Offering Pursuant to Registration Statement on Form S-3

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to
Sunshine Biopharma Inc., a Colorado corporation (the Company), in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement
dated April 2, 2025 (the Purchase Agreement), by and between the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto (the Purchasers),
relating to the issuance and sale by the Company to the Purchasers of 928,404 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001
per share (the Common Stock), and pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants) to purchase up to 260,000
shares of Common Stock.

This opinion letter is being
furnished in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act.

In connection with this
opinion, we have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of the following:

1. The Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended;

2. The Bylaws of the Company, as amended;

3. The Purchase Agreement;

4. The form of Pre-Funded Warrant;

5. The Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284142)
filed by the Company with the Securities and exchange Commission (the Commission) on January 6, 2025, in the form of which
it became effective on January 15, 2025 (the Registration Statement) pursuant to the Securities Act; 

6. The prospectus supplement dated April 2, 2025, filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) promulgated
under the Securities Act (the Prospectus Supplement), together with the base prospectus dated January 15, 2025; and

7. The written consent of the Board of Directors approving the Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby.

We have also examined originals
or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such records of the Company and such agreements, certificates and
receipts of public officials, certificates of officers or other representatives of the Company and others, and such other documents as
we have deemed necessary or appropriate as a basis for the opinions stated below.

In our examination, we have
assumed the genuineness of all signatures, including endorsements, the legal capacity and competency of all natural persons, the authenticity
of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as facsimile, electronic,
certified or photostatic copies, and the authenticity of the originals of such copies. In making our examination of executed documents,
we have assumed (i) that the parties thereto, other than the Company, had the power, corporate or other, to enter into and perform all
obligations thereunder and (ii) the due authorization by all requisite action, corporate or other, and the execution and delivery by such
parties of such documents, and the validity and binding effect thereof on such parties.

Our opinion is limited to
the laws of the State of New York. We do not express any opinion herein concerning any other law. This opinion letter speaks only as of
its date.

Based upon and subject to
the foregoing, we are of the opinion that the Pre-Funded Warrants when issued and sold by the Company in the manner contemplated in the
Prospectus Supplement, against payment therefor, and assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of such Pre-Funded Warrants,
will constitute the legal, valid, and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms,
under the laws of the State of New York, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium
and similar laws affecting creditors rights and remedies generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of
equity, including principles of commercial reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in
a proceeding at law or in equity).

We hereby consent to the filing
of this opinion with the Commission as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K being filed on the date hereof and
incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement. We also hereby consent to the reference to our firm under the caption Legal
Matters in the Prospectus Supplement. In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit that we are within the category of persons
whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.
This opinion is expressed as of the date hereof unless otherwise expressly stated, and we disclaim any undertaking to advise you of any
subsequent changes in the facts stated or assumed herein or of any subsequent changes in applicable laws. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Sichenzia Ross Ference
Carmel LLP

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel
LLP

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>sunshine_ex1001.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement
(this Agreement) is dated as of April 2, 2025, between Sunshine Biopharma Inc., a Colorado corporation (the
Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (including their respective successors
and assigns, each a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, subject to
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each
Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this
Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes
of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1:

1.1. Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

1.2. Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.10.

1.3. Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

1.4. Agreement
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the preamble.

1.5. BHCA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.40.

1.6. Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

1.7. Business
Day means a Calendar Day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any other Calendar Day which is a federal legal holiday in the
United States or any Calendar Day on which the commercial banks in the City of New York are required by law or other governmental action
to close, provided that the commercial banks in the City of New York shall not be deemed to be required to be closed due to a stay
at home, shelter in place, non-essential employee or similar orders or restrictions or the closure
of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including
for wire transfers) of commercial banks in the City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such Calendar Day.

1.8. Calendar
Day means each and every day of the week (Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday).

1.9. Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

1.10. Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable
parties thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the second (2nd) Trading
Day following the date hereof.

1.11. Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

1.12. Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

1.13. Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, $0.001 par value per share, and any other class of securities into which
such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

1.14. Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

1.15. Company
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the preamble.

1.16. Company
Counsel means with respect to U.S. federal securities law and New York law, Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP, 1185 Avenue
of the Americas 31st floor , New York, NY 10036.

1.17. Reserved.

1.18. Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a Calendar Day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City
time) and before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following
the date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between
midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on
the date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

1.19. DVP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1.

1.20. Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.19.

1.21. Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

1.22. Exempt
Issuance means (i) any conventional bank loans that are not convertible into shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
and do not involve any issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or other security of the Company in connection
therewith; (ii) shares of Common Stock or options issued to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to the Companys
equity incentive plans or pursuant to the compensation agreements previously authorized by the Board of Directors; (iii) securities issued
upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable
for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have
not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange
price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such
securities; and (iv) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions (whether by merger, consolidation, purchase
of equity, purchase of assets, reorganization or otherwise) approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided
that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that
require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the thirty (30) days following the Closing
Date, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through
its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide
to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is
issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities.

1.23. FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

1.24. FDA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.43.

1.25. FDCA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.43.

1.26. Federal
Reserve shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.40.

1.27. GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.8.

1.28. Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.27.

2 

1.29. Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.16.

1.30. IT
Systems and Data shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.44.

1.31. Liens
means a lien, charge pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

1.32. Lock-Up
Agreement means the Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company and the directors, executive
officers, employees and stockholders holding at least ten percent (10%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock on a fully converted
basis, in the form of Exhibit 1.32 attached hereto.

1.33. Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1.2.

1.34. Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.14.

1.35. Money
Laundering Laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.41.

1.36. OFAC
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.38.

1.37. Per
Share Purchase Price equals $2.07 (less $0.00001 for each Pre-Funded Warrant), subject to adjustment for reverse and forward
stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this
Agreement.

1.38. Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

1.39. PFIC
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.15.

1.40. Pharmaceutical
Product shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.43.

1.41. Placement
Agent means Aegis Capital Corp.

1.42. Placement
Agent Agreement means the placement agent agreement, dated on or about the date hereof, between the Company and the Placement
Agent.

1.43. Pre-Funded
Warrants means the pre-funded Common Stock purchase warrants, in the form of Exhibit 1.43.1 attached hereto
delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2.1 hereof, which Pre-Funded Warrants shall be exercisable immediately
and shall expire when exercised in full.

1.44. Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

1.45. Prospectus
means the final base prospectus filed for the Shelf Registration Statement.

1.46. Prospectus
Supplement means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that is filed with
the Commission and delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at the Closing.

1.47. Purchaser
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the preamble.

1.48. Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

1.49. Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.5.

3 

1.50. Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

1.51. Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

1.52. SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.8.

1.53. Securities
means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares purchased pursuant to this Agreement.

1.54. Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

1.55. Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, but excluding the Warrant Shares.

1.56. Shelf
Registration Statement means the effective registration statement on Form S-3 with Commission (File No. 333-284142), including
all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such registration statement, which registers the
sale of the Securities to the Purchasers.

1.57. Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not
be deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

1.58. Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Securities purchased hereunder as specified below
such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United
States dollars and in immediately available funds.

1.59. Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth in the SEC Reports and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

1.60. Trading
Day means a Calendar Day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

1.61. Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the
date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York
Stock Exchange, the OTCQB, OTCQX, Pink Open Market (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

1.62. Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Securities, , the Lock-Up Agreements and all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto
and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

1.63. Transfer
Agent means Equiniti Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 1110 Centre Pointe
Curve Mendota Heights, MN 55120 and an email address of [], and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

4 

1.64. Variable
Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with,
the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities
or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of
such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business
of the Company or the market for the Common Stock, other than in connection with customary anti-dilution adjustments resulting from future
stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions, or (ii) issues or sells any amortizing convertible security that amortizes prior
to its maturity date, whereby it is required to or has the option to (or the investor in such security has the option to require the
Company to) make such amortization payments in Common Stock (whether or not such payments in stock are subject to certain equity conditions)
or (iii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or at-the-market
offering, whereby it may sell securities at a future determined price, regardless of whether Shares pursuant to such agreement have actually
been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled, provided that any issuance of Shares upon the exercise
of the Warrants issuable hereunder will not be deemed a Variable Rate Transaction.

1.65. Warrants
means the Pre-Funded Warrants.

1.66. Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants.

2. Purchase and Sale.

2.1.Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and
not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of approximately $3.0 million of Shares and Warrants; provided, however, that a Purchaser
in its sole discretion, may elect to purchase Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of Shares in such manner to result in the same aggregate purchase
price being paid by such Purchaser less $0.00001 per Pre-Funded Warrant. Each Purchaser shall make such Purchasers Subscription
Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser available to be delivered to the Company (or its designee)
via DVP (as defined below), and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Securities, as determined pursuant to Section
2.2.1, and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction
of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.3.1 and 2.3.2, the Closing shall occur at the offices of counsel to the Placement
Agent or such other location (or remotely by electronic means) as the parties shall mutually agree. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement
Agent, settlement of the Shares shall occur via Delivery Versus Payment (DVP) (i.e., on the
Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers names and addresses and released by the Transfer
Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement Agent
shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent
(or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time on or after the
time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser, through and including the time immediately prior to the
Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), if such Purchaser sells to any Person all, or any portion, of any Shares
or Warrant Shares to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement Shares),
such Purchaser shall, automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company), be deemed to
be unconditionally bound to purchase, and the Company shall be deemed unconditionally to sell, such Pre-Settlement Shares at the Closing;
provided, that the Company shall not be required to deliver any Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser prior to the Companys receipt
of the purchase price for such Pre-Settlement Shares hereunder, and provided further that the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that
the foregoing shall not constitute a representation or covenant by such Purchaser as to whether or not such Purchaser will elect to sell
any Pre-Settlement Shares during the Pre-Settlement Period. The decision to sell any Pre-Settlement Shares will be made in the sole discretion
of such Purchaser from time to time, including during the Pre-Settlement Period.

5 

2.2.Deliveries.

2.2.1.The Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser or the Placement Agent, as appropriate, the following at the
times stated:

2.2.1.1on the date hereof:

2.2.1.1.1.this Agreement duly executed by the Company.

2.2.1.1.2.a certificate executed by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company in customary form reasonably satisfactory to the Placement
Agent and its counsel.

2.2.1.1.3.the Lock-Up Agreements.

2.2.1.2on or prior to the Closing Date:

2.2.1.2.1.a legal opinion of Company Counsel, addressed to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers, in form and substance reasonably acceptable
to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers.

2.2.1.2.2.subject to the provisions of Section 2.1 regarding settlement via DVP, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent
instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system
(DWAC) Shares equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable to Shares, divided
by the Per Unit Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser.

2.2.1.2.3.for each Purchaser of Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1, a Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser
to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable to
Pre-Funded Warrants divided by the Per Unit Purchase Price, with an exercise price equal to $0.00001, subject to adjustment as provided
therein.

2.2.1.2.4.subject to the provisions of Section 2.1 regarding settlement via DVP, the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the
Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer.

2.2.1.2.5.a duly executed and delivered Officers Certificate, in customary form reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent and
its counsel.

2.2.1.2.6.a cold comfort letter from the Companys auditor, addressed to the Placement Agent in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
in all material respects.

2.2.1.2.7.the Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

2.2.2.Each Purchaser, and the Placement Agent, as applicable, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following at
the times stated:

2.2.2.1on the date hereof, this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser.

2.2.2.1.1.the Placement Agent Agreement.

2.2.2.2on or prior to the Closing Date, such Purchasers Subscription Amount shall be made available for DVP settlement with the
Company or its designee.

6 

2.3.Closing Conditions.

2.3.1.The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to each of the following conditions being met:

2.3.1.1the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material
Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein
(unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date.

2.3.1.2all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have
been performed.

2.3.1.3the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2.2 of this Agreement.

2.3.2.The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to each of the following conditions
being met:

2.3.2.1the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material
Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein
(unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date).

2.3.2.2all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
performed.

2.3.2.3the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2.1 of this Agreement.

2.3.2.4there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof.

2.3.2.5from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude
in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser,
makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

3. Representations and Warranties.

3.1.Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties
to each Purchaser:

3.1.1.Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the SEC Reports. The Company
owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all
of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free
of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to
the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

7 

3.1.2.Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite
power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws
or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in
good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property
owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise)
of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in
any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material
Adverse Effect; provided, however, that Material Adverse Effect shall not include any event,
occurrence, fact, condition or change, directly or indirectly, arising out of or attributable to: (i) general economic or political conditions,
(ii) conditions generally affecting the industry in which the Company or any Subsidiary operates, (iii) any changes in financial or securities
markets in general, (iv) acts of war (whether or not declared), armed hostilities or terrorism, or the escalation or worsening thereof,
(v) any pandemic, epidemics or human health crises (including COVID-19), (vi) any changes in applicable laws or accounting rules (including
GAAP), (vii) the announcement, pendency or completion of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, or (viii) any action
required or permitted by the Transaction Documents or any action taken (or omitted to be taken) with the written consent of or at the
written request of Purchaser). As to all Company and Subsidiary power, authority and qualification, no Proceeding has been instituted
in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

3.1.3.Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations
hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and
the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part
of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection
herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which
it is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms
hereof and thereof, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to
the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution
provisions may be limited by applicable law.

3.1.4.No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate
or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or
an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties
or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental
authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any
property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

8 

3.1.5.Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order
of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority
or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i)
the filings required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement to the
Shelf Registration Statement, (iii) the notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the
Securities and the listing of the Shares and Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby and such other
filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (the Required Approvals).

3.1.6.Issuance of the Securities; Registration. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance
with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable (which means that no further
sums are required to be paid by the holders thereof in connection with the issue thereof), free and clear of all Liens imposed by the
Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents and applicable law. The Warrant Shares, when issued
in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable (which means that no further
sums are required to be paid by the holders thereof in connection with the issue thereof), free and clear of all Liens imposed by the
Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents and applicable law. The Company has reserved from
its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants. The
Company has prepared and filed the Shelf Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became
effective on January 15, 2025, including the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required to the
date of this Agreement. The Shelf Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending
the effectiveness of the Shelf Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus has been issued by the Commission
and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company,
if required by the rules and regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus Supplement with the Commission pursuant to Rule
424(b). At the time the Shelf Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement and at
the Closing Date, the Shelf Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the
requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus and any amendments or
supplements thereto, at the time the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and
will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. The Company was at the time of the filing of the Shelf Registration Statement eligible to use Form
S-3. The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and it meets the requirements with respect to the aggregate market
value of securities being sold pursuant to this offering and during the twelve (12) months prior to this offering, as set forth in General
Instruction I.B. of Form S-3.

3.1.7.Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth in the SEC Reports. Other
than as stated in the SEC Reports, the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the
Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance
of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or
exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No
Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, or pursuant to this Agreement, there are no outstanding
options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or
obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares
of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company
or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any
Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or
other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding securities
or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such
security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there
are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there
are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem
a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans
or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding
shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval
or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are
no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to
which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

9 

3.1.8.SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents
required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof,
for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material)
(the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus
and the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis
or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension.
As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements
of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations
of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP),
except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto, and fairly present in all material respects the
financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and
cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

3.1.9.Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial
statements included within the SEC Reports, , (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other
than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities
not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission,
(iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of
cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital
stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company
stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except
for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development
has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective
businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under
applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1)
Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

3.1.10.Litigation. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding
or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their
respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state,
county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action). None of the Actions, (i) adversely affects or challenges
the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or (ii) would, if there were an unfavorable decision, have
or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer
thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws
or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated,
any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company, except in the ordinary
course of business that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending
the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

10 

3.1.11.Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of
the employees of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or
its Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary,
and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries
believe that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or
any Subsidiary is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure
or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor
of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal,
state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and
wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect.

3.1.12.Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has
occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary
under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any
indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties
is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree, or order of any court,
arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

3.1.13.Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign
laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface
or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants,
or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise
relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials,
as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters,
orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws);
(ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective
businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i),
(ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

3.1.14.Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued
by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described
in the SEC Reports, except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect (Material Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings
relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

3.1.15.Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid
and marketable rights to lease or otherwise use, all real property and all personal property that is material to the business of the Company
and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens that do not materially affect the value of such property
and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii)
Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made in accordance with GAAP, and the
payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written
notice of any claim of any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company or its Subsidiaries under any of
the leases or subleases or licenses or with respect to the properties mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company
or any Subsidiary to the continued possession or use of the leased or subleased or licensed premises or the properties mentioned above,
other than such claims which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

11 

3.1.16.Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications,
trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual
property rights and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC
Reports and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights).
None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property
Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years after the
date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements
included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate
or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To
the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person
of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy,
confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

3.1.17.Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against
such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are
engaged, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage in amount deemed prudent by the Company. Neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such
coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant
increase in cost.

3.1.18.Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on in the SEC Reports, during the past three fiscal
years and the subsequent interim period through the date of this Agreement, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary
and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with
the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other
arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing
for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee
or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is
an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary
or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits,
including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

3.1.19.Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in material compliance with any
and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all
applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing
Date. Except as set forth on the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient
to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations,
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset
accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and
(iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken
with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers
have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period
covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date).
The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation
Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the
Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial
reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

12 

3.1.20.Certain Fees. Except for the fees and expenses of the Placement Agent, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions
are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment
banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no
obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated
in this Section 3.1.20 that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

3.1.21.Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for
the Securities, will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act
of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company
subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

3.1.22.Registration Rights. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, no Person has any right to cause the Company or any
Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

3.1.23.Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange
Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration. The Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the
Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements
of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance
with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository
Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

3.1.24.Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any,
in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights
agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents)
or the laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company
fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the
Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

3.1.25.Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their
agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company
understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the
Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries,
their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date
of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and
when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with
respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

3.1.26.No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in
Section 3.2, neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly,
made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering
of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable stockholder approval provisions
of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

13 

3.1.27.Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect
to the receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys
assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities
(including known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital
to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular
capital requirements of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability
thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all
of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of
its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts
as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge
of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one year after the Closing Date. All outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or
any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments is as set forth in the SEC Reports. For the purposes of this
Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000
(other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent
obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated
balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar
transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases
required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

3.1.28.Tax Status. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all
material United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required
by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all material taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material
in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably
adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply.
There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the
Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

3.1.29.Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any
Subsidiary, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds
for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made
any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns
from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting
on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

3.1.30.Accountants. The Companys accounting firm is Bush & Associates CPA LLC, with offices at 179 Gibson Road,
Henderson, NV 89014. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required
by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys
Annual Report for the now current fiscal year.

3.1.31.No Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably
anticipated by the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company
and the Company is current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers which could affect the Companys ability
to perform any of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents.

3.1.32.Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each
of the Purchasers is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the
transactions contemplated thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of
the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice
given by any Purchaser or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions
contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each
Purchaser that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on
the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

14 

3.1.33.Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or elsewhere
herein to the contrary (except for Sections 3.2.6 and 4.13 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of
the Purchasers has been asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or
short, securities of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities
for any specified term, (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation,
Short Sales or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may
negatively impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities, (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative
transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the
Common Stock and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party
in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage
in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the
periods that the value of the Warrant Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging activities
(if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging
activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any
of the Transaction Documents.

3.1.34.Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly
or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company
to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases
of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other
securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Companys placement agent
in connection with the placement of the Securities.

3.1.35.Officers Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to
the Purchasers shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Purchasers as to the matters covered thereby.

3.1.36.D&O Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires most recently
completed by each of the Companys directors and officers is true and correct in all respects and the Company has not become aware
of any information which would cause the information disclosed in such questionnaires become inaccurate and incorrect.

3.1.37.Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan, if any,
was granted (i) in accordance with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to
the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No
stock option granted under the Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there
is no and has been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant
of stock options with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their
financial results or prospects.

3.1.38.Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any
director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered
by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

3.1.39.U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation
within the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers
request.

3.1.40.Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding
Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System (the Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls,
directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%)
or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity
that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

15 

3.1.41.Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in
compliance with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act
of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money
Laundering Laws), and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator
involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any
Subsidiary, threatened.

3.1.42.Other Covered Persons. Other than the Placement Agent, the Company is not aware of any person that has been or will
be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities.

3.1.43.FDA. As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured,
packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a Pharmaceutical
Product), such Pharmaceutical Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or marketed
by the Company in compliance with all applicable requirements under FDCA and similar laws, rules and regulations relating to registration,
investigational use, premarket clearance, licensure, or application approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices,
good clinical practices, product listing, quotas, labeling, advertising, record keeping and filing of reports, except where the failure
to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending, completed or, to the Company's knowledge, threatened,
action (including any lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation)
against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter
or other communication from the FDA or any other governmental entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration,
or approval of, the uses of, the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and
promotion of any Pharmaceutical Product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws
or orders the withdrawal of advertising or sales promotional materials relating to, any Pharmaceutical Product, (iii) imposes a clinical
hold on any clinical investigation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production at any facility of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, (v) enters or proposes to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges any violation of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and
which, either individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect. The properties, business and operations of the Company
have been and are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the FDA. The
Company has not been informed by the FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the United States of any product
proposed to be developed, produced or marketed by the Company nor has the FDA expressed any concern as to approving or clearing for marketing
any product being developed or proposed to be developed by the Company.

3.1.44.Cybersecurity. (i) (a) There has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys
or any Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective
customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively,
IT Systems and Data) and (b) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge
of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and
Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders,
rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations
relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access,
misappropriation or modification, except, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) herein, as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards
to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all
IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with
industry standards and practices.

3.2.Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents
and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which
case they shall be accurate as of such date):

16 

3.2.1.Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly
existing and in good standing under the law of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents
and performance by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document
to which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

3.2.2.Own Account. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no present intention
of distributing any of such Securities (this representation and warranty shall not limit such Purchasers right to sell the Securities
pursuant to a registration statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is
acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

3.2.3.Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is,
and on each date on which it exercises any Warrants, it will be either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1),
(a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer
as defined in Rule 144A(a)(1) under the Securities Act. Such Purchaser hereby represents that neither such Purchaser nor any of its Rule
506(d) Related Parties (as defined below) is a bad actor within the meaning of Rule 506(d) promulgated under the Securities
Act. For purposes of this Agreement, Rule 506(d) Related Party shall mean a person or entity covered by the Bad Actor
disqualification provision of Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act.

3.2.4.Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge,
sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective
investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic
risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

3.2.5.Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents
(including all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as
it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering
of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial
condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and
(iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense
that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that
neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect
to the Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes
any representation as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public
information with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be and has not been provided to it (other than with respect
to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents). In connection with the issuance of the Securities to such Purchaser, neither
the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to such Purchaser.

17 

3.2.6.Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser
has not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed
any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such
Purchaser first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the
material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other
than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of
all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions,
with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations
contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations
and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document or any other
document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty,
or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

4. Other Agreements of the Parties.

4.1. Warrant
Shares. If all or any portion of a Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover
the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares or if the Warrant is exercised via cashless exercise, the Warrant Shares issued pursuant
to any such exercise shall be issued free of all legends. If at any time following the date hereof the Shelf Registration Statement (or
any subsequent registration statement registering the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares) is not effective or is not otherwise available
for the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares, the Company shall immediately notify the holders of the Warrants in writing that such registration
statement is not then effective and thereafter shall promptly notify such holders when the registration statement is effective again
and available for the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not limit the ability
of the Company to issue, or any Purchaser to sell, any of the Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities
laws). The Company shall use best efforts to keep a registration statement (including the Shelf Registration Statement) registering the
issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares effective during the term of the Warrants.

4.2. Furnishing
of Information. Until no Purchaser owns any Securities and the Common Warrants have terminated, the Company covenants to maintain
the effectiveness of the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to use reasonable best
efforts to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to
be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act.

4.3. Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in
Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations
of any Trading Market such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder
approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

18 

4.4. Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms
of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file, within the time required by the Exchange Act, a Current Report on Form 8-K, including
the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the Commission. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents
to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents (including, without limitation,
the Placement Agent) in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance
of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement,
whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents (including,
without limitation, the Placement Agent), employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates
on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall
be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult
with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor
any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company,
with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release
of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case
the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing
with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) to the
extent required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to
the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which such cases the Company shall (x) obtain prior advice
of competent counsel that such disclosure is required, (y) provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under
this Section 4.4 and (z) reasonably cooperate with such Purchasers regarding such disclosure.

4.5. Stockholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any
Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including
any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company,
or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under
the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6. Non-Public
Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its
behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes
constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such
information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each
Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public
information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall
not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents,
employees or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees
or Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to
applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public
information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice
with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying
on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

4.7. Use
of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for general corporate purposes
(which for the avoidance of doubt may include acquisitions, in the Companys discretion), including working capital. The Company
shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables
in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices), (b) for the redemption of any shares of Common Stock or
Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

19 

4.8. Indemnification
of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors,
officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members,
partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack
of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any
and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in
settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or
incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company
in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents, (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity (including
a Purchaser Partys status as an investor), or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by the Company or any stockholder of
the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, arising out of or relating to any of the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, the indemnification provided herein is intended to, and shall also cover, direct claims
brought by the Company against the Purchaser Parties; provided, however, that such indemnification shall not cover any loss, claim, damage
or liability to the extent it is finally judicially determined to be attributable to such Purchaser Partys material breach of
any of the representations, warranties or covenants made by such Purchaser Party in any Transaction Document or any conduct by such Purchaser
Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought
against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly
notify the Company in writing, and, except with respect to direct claims brought by the Company, the Company shall have the right to
assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have
the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel
shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized
by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel
or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel to the applicable Purchaser Party (which may be internal counsel),
a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case
the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not
be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior
written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. In addition, if any Purchaser Party takes actions to collect amounts
due under any Transaction Documents or to enforce the provisions of any Transaction Documents, then the Company shall pay the costs incurred
by such Purchaser Party for such collection, enforcement or action, including, but not limited to, attorneys fees and disbursements.
The indemnification and other payment obligations required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof
during the course of the investigation, defense, collection, enforcement or action, as and when bills are received or are incurred; provided,
however, that if any Purchaser Party is finally judicially determined not to be entitled to indemnification or payment under this Section
4.8, such Purchaser Party shall promptly reimburse the Company for any payments that are advanced under this sentence. The indemnity
agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or
others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.9. Subsequent
Equity Sales.

4.9.1. From
the date hereof until thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any
agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii) file
any registration statement or any amendment or supplement thereto, in each case other than solely with respect to securities issued pursuant
to any share or option plan duly adopted for such purpose by the Board of Directors or a committee of non-employee directors established
for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, on Form S-8.

4.9.2. From
the date hereof until twelve (12) months after the Closing Date, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be prohibited from effecting
or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of shares of Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive
relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

4.9.3. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 4.9 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction shall be an
Exempt Issuance.

20 

4.10. Equal
Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to
any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration
is also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate
right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat
the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the
purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise.

4.11. Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither
it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short
Sales, of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such
time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described
in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4,
such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation,
warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section
4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance
with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced
pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty
not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors,
employees, agents or Affiliates after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of
assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.12. Capital
Changes. Until the date that is thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, the Company shall not undertake a reverse or forward
stock split or reclassification of the Common Stock without the prior written consent of the Purchasers holding a majority in interest
of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants, based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder.

4.13. Acknowledgment
of Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. The Company further acknowledges that its obligations
under the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to issue the Shares and Warrant Shares pursuant to the
Transaction Documents, are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless
of the effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against any Purchaser and regardless of the dilutive effect that
such issuance may have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.

4.14. Lock-Up
Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any of the Lock-Up Agreements (and any lock-up
agreements contemplated in the Lock-Up Agreements) except to extend the term of the lock-up period and shall enforce the provisions of
each Lock-Up Agreement (and any lock-up agreements contemplated in the Lock-Up Agreements) in accordance with its terms. If any party
to a Lock-Up Agreement (and any lock-up agreements contemplated in the Lock-Up Agreements) breaches any provision of a Lock-Up Agreement,
the Company shall promptly use its best efforts to seek specific performance of the terms of such Lock-Up Agreement (and any lock-up
agreements contemplated in the Lock-Up Agreements).

21 

4.15. QEF
Election. If a Purchaser so requests in writing for any taxable year of the Company, the Company, after consulting with its outside
accounting firm, shall within fifteen (15) Business Days notify such Purchaser in writing that either (A) neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries was a passive foreign investment company as defined in Section 1297 of the Code (PFIC)
for such year, or (B) the Company and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries was a PFIC for such year, in which event the Company shall provide
to such Purchaser, upon the reasonable written request of such Purchaser, the information reasonably necessary to allow such Purchaser
to elect to treat each of the Company and any applicable Subsidiaries (if any), respectively, as a qualified electing fund
(within the meaning of Section 1295 of the Code for such year, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement as described
in Treasury Regulation Section 1.1295-1(g)(1) (or any successor Treasury Regulation).

4.16. Reservation
of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available
at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue
Shares pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants.

4.17. Exercise
Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of the
Purchasers in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the
Purchasers to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required,
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to
exercise the Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms,
conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

5. Miscellaneous.

5.1. Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been
consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination
will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2. Fees
and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses
of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation,
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without
limitation, any fees required for same-Calendar Day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice
delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3. Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement,
contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents,
exhibits and schedules.

5.4. Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email
at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day,
(b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email at the email address
as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a Calendar Day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City
time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized
overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices
and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any
Transaction Document constitutes, or contains material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the
Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

22 

5.5. Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed,
in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants
based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver,
by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver
disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or multiple Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser
(or multiple Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of
this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other
provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner
impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the
rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior
written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon
each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6. Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

5.7. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted
assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser
(other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns
or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities,
by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8. No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the third party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of
the Company in Section 3.1 and the representations and warranties of the Purchasers in Section 3.2. This Agreement is intended for the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision
hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

5.9. Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be
governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the law of the State of New York without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, stockholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
sitting in the City and County of New York for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any
such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via
registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to
it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall
commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the
Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its
reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action
or Proceeding.

5.10. Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

23 

5.11. Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf
format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature
is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12. Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or
unenforceable.

5.13. Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of)
any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document
and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind
or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in
whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in the case of a rescission
of an exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded
exercise notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such Shares and
the restoration of such Purchasers right to acquire such Shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance
of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

5.14. Replacement
of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company
shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu
of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company
of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15. Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and
hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law
would be adequate.

5.16. Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or
a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

24 

5.17. Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several
and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. For
reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to communicate with the Company through
the legal counsel to the Placement Agent. The legal counsel of the Placement Agent does not represent any of the Purchasers and only
represents the Placement Agent. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the
convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood
and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser,
solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18. Liquidated
Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents
is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have
been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts
are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19. Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed Calendar Day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.20. Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.21. WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH
KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND
EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

[SBFM Securities Purchase Agreement Signature
Pages Follows]

25 

[SBFM Securities Purchase Agreement 
Company Signature Page]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first
indicated above.

SUNSHINE BIOPHARMA INC. Address for Notice:

By: Email: steve.slilaty@sunshinebiopharma.com

Name: Steve Silaty 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[SBFM Securities Purchase Agreement 
Investor Signature Page]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by its authorized signatory as of the date first indicated above.

Name of Purchaser: []

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: []

Title of Authorized Signatory: []

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: []

Address for Notice to Purchaser: []

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice): []

Subscription Amount: []

Shares: []

Pre-funded Warrants: []

Beneficial Ownership Blocker: []

[]

Employer Identification Number: []

Exhibit 1.32

Form of Lock-Up Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>sunshine_ex1002.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PLACEMENT AGENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

April 2, 2025

PERSONAL AND CONFIDENTIAL

Dr. Steve Slilaty, Chief Executive Officer

Sunshine Biopharma Inc.

333 Las Olas Way, CU4 Suite 433

Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

Re: SBFM | Registered Direct Shelf Takedown | Placement Agent Agreement

Dear Dr. Slilaty:

The purpose of this placement
agent agreement is to outline our agreement pursuant to which Aegis Capital Corp. (Aegis) will act as the
placement agent on a best efforts basis in connection with the proposed Registered Direct Shelf Takedown (the Placement)
by Sunshine Biopharma Inc. (collectively, with its subsidiaries and affiliates, the Company) of its shares
of Common Stock (the Securities). This placement agent agreement sets forth certain conditions and assumptions
upon which the Placement is premised. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that Aegiss obligations hereunder are on a
reasonable best efforts basis only and that the execution of this Agreement does not constitute a commitment by Aegis to
purchase the Securities and does not ensure the successful placement of the Securities or any portion thereof or the success of Aegis
with respect to securing any other financing on behalf of the Company. The Company confirms that entry into this placement agent agreement
and completion of the Placement with Aegis will not breach or otherwise violate the Companys obligations to any other party or
require any payments to such other party. For the sake of clarity, such obligations may include but not be limited to obligations under
an engagement letter, placement agency agreement, underwriting agreement, advisory agreement, right of first refusal, tail fee obligation
or other agreement.

The terms of our agreement
are as follows:

1. Engagement. The Company hereby engages Aegis, for the period beginning on the date hereof
and ending thirty (30) days thereafter or upon the completion of the Placement, whichever is sooner (the Engagement Period),
to act as the Companys exclusive investment bank in connection with the proposed Placement. During the Engagement Period or until
the consummation of the Placement, and as long as Aegis is proceeding in good faith with preparations for the Placement, the Company agrees
not to solicit, negotiate with or enter into any agreement with any other source of financing (whether equity, debt or otherwise), any
underwriter, potential underwriter, placement agent, financial advisor, investment banking firm or any other person or entity in connection
with an offering of the Companys debt or equity securities or any other financing by the Company. Aegis will use its reasonable
best efforts to solicit offers to purchase the Securities from the Company on the terms, and subject to the conditions,
set forth in the Prospectus (as defined below). Aegis shall use commercially reasonable efforts to assist the Company in obtaining performance
by each Purchaser (as defined below) whose offer to purchase Securities has been solicited by Aegis, but Aegis shall not, except as otherwise
provided in this Agreement, be obligated to disclose the identity of any potential purchaser or have any liability to the Company in the
event any such purchase is not consummated for any reason. The Company acknowledges that under no circumstances will Aegis be obligated
to underwrite or purchase any Securities for its own account and, in soliciting purchases of the Securities, Aegis shall act solely as
an agent of the Company. The services provided pursuant to this placement agent agreement shall be on an agency basis and
not on a principal basis.

2. The Placement. The Placement is expected to consist of a sale of approximately $3.0 million
of the Companys Securities. Aegis will act as placement agent for the Placement subject to, among other matters referred to herein
and additional customary conditions, completion of Aegiss due diligence examination of the Company and its affiliates, listing
approval by the Nasdaq Capital Market (Exchange) of the Securities to be issued, and the execution of a definitive
Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with the Placement (the Securities Purchase Agreement). The actual
size of the Placement, the precise number of Securities to be offered by the Company and the offering price will be the subject of continuing
negotiations between the Company and the investors thereto. In connection with the entry into the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company
(i) will meet with Aegis and its representatives to discuss such due diligence matters and to provide such documents as Aegis may require;
(ii) will not file with the Commission any document regarding the Placement without the prior approval of Aegis and its counsel; (iii)
will deliver to Aegis and the investors in the Placement such legal and accounting opinions and letters (including, without limitation,
accounting comfort letters, legal opinions, negative assurance letters, good standing certificates and officers and secretary certificates)
as Aegis may require, all in form and substance acceptable to Aegis and (iv) will ensure that Aegis is a third party beneficiary of all
representations, warranties, covenants, closing conditions and deliverables in connection with the Placement.

3. Placement Compensation. The placement commission will be 8.0% for the Placement and a non-accountable
expense allowance equal to 1.0% of the Placement.

4. Registration Statement. To the extent the Company decides to proceed with the Placement,
the Company will, as soon as practicable, prepare and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
a Registration Statement on Form S-3(the Registration Statement) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act) and a prospectus and prospectus supplement included therein (together, the Prospectus)
covering the Securities to be offered and sold in the Placement. The Registration Statement (including the Prospectus therein), and all
amendments and supplements thereto, will be in form reasonably satisfactory to Aegis and counsel to Aegis. Other than any information
provided by Aegis in writing specifically for inclusion in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, the Company will be solely responsible
for the contents of its Registration Statement and Prospectus and any and all other written or oral communications provided by or on behalf
of the Company to any actual or prospective investor of the Securities, and the Company represents and warrants that such materials and
such other communications will not, as of the date of the offer or sale of the Securities, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If at any time prior to the completion of the offer and sale of the Securities
an event occurs that would cause the Registration Statement or Prospectus (as supplemented or amended) to contain an untrue statement
of a material fact or to omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading, the Company will notify Aegis immediately of such event and Aegis will suspend solicitations
of the prospective purchasers of the Securities until such time as the Company shall prepare a supplement or amendment to the Registration
Statement or Prospectus that corrects such statement or omission.

5. Lock-Ups. In connection with the Placement, the Companys directors, executive officers,
employees and shareholders holding at least ten percent (10%) of the outstanding common stock will enter into customary lock-up
agreements in favor of the Placement Agent for a period of thirty (30) days after the Closing of the Placement (the Lock-Up
Period); provided, however, that any sales by parties to the lock-ups shall be subject to the lock-up agreements and provided
further, that none of such common stock shall be saleable in the public market until the expiration of the Lock-Up Period.

2 

6. Company Standstill. In connection with the Placement, without the prior written consent
of the investors, the Company will not, for a period of thirty (30) days after the Closing of the Placement (the Standstill
Period), (a) offer, sell, issue, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any equity of the Company
or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for equity of the Company; (b) file or caused to be filed any registration
statement with the Commission relating to the offering of any equity of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for equity of the Company; or (c) enter into any agreement or announce the intention to effect any of the actions described
in subsections (a) or (b) hereof (all of such matters, the Standstill Restrictions). So long as none of such
equity securities shall be saleable in the public market until the expiration of the Standstill Period, the following matters shall not
be prohibited by the Standstill Restrictions: (i) the adoption of an equity incentive plan and the grant of awards or equity pursuant
to any equity incentive plan, and the filing of a registration statement on Form S-8; (ii) securities issued pursuant to agreements, options,
restricted share units or convertible securities existing as of the date hereof provided the terms are not modified; and (iii) securities
issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions (whether by merger, consolidation, purchase of equity, purchase of assets, reorganization
or otherwise) approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted
securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement
in connection therewith during the Standstill Period, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a person or entity (or to the
equityholders of an entity) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic
with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall
not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose
primary business is investing in securities. In no event should any equity transaction during the Standstill Period result in the sale
of equity at an offering price to the public less than that of the Placement referred herein.

7. Expenses. The Company will be responsible for and will pay all expenses relating to the
Placement, including, without limitation, (a) all filing fees and expenses relating to the registration of the Securities with the Commission;
(b) all FINRA Public Offering filing fees; (c) all fees and expenses relating to the listing of the Companys equity or equity-linked
securities on an Exchange; (d) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration or qualification of the Securities under
the blue sky securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions as Aegis may reasonably designate (including, without
limitation, all filing and registration fees, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of the Companys blue sky
counsel, which will be Aegiss counsel) unless such filings are not required in connection with the Companys proposed Exchange
listing; (e) any fees for counsel to lead investors in the Placement; (f) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration,
qualification or exemption of the Securities under the securities laws of such foreign jurisdictions as Aegis may reasonably designate;
(g) the costs of all mailing and printing of the Placement documents; (h) transfer and/or stamp taxes, if any, payable upon the transfer
of Securities from the Company to Aegis; (i) the fees and expenses of the Companys accountants; and (j) $85,000 for reasonable
legal fees and disbursements for Aegiss counsel.

8. Right of First Refusal. If, for the period beginning on the Closing of the Placement and
ending three (3) years after the commencement of sales in the Placement, the Company or any of its subsidiaries (a) decides to finance
or refinance any indebtedness, Aegis (or any affiliate designated by Aegis) shall have the right to act as sole book-runner, sole manager,
sole placement agent or sole agent with respect to such financing or refinancing; or (b) decides to raise funds by means of a public offering
(including at-the-market facility) or a private placement or any other capital raising financing of equity, equity-linked or debt securities,
Aegis (or any affiliate designated by Aegis) shall have the right to act as sole book-running manager, sole underwriter or sole placement
agent for such financing. If Aegis or one of its affiliates decides to accept any such engagement, the agreement governing such engagement
(each, a Subsequent Transaction Agreement) will contain, among other things, provisions for customary fees
for transactions of similar size and nature, but in no event will the fees be less than those outlined herein, and the provisions of this
placement agent agreement, including indemnification, that are appropriate to such a transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the decision
to accept the Companys engagement under this Section 8 shall be made by Aegis or one of its affiliates, by a written notice to
the Company, within ten (10) Business Days of the receipt of the Companys notification of its financing needs, including a detailed
term sheet. Aegiss determination of whether in any case to exercise its right of first refusal will be strictly limited to the
terms on such term sheet, and any waiver of such right of first refusal shall apply only to such specific terms. If Aegis waives its right
of first refusal, any deviation from such terms (including without limitation after the launch of a subsequent transaction) shall void
the waiver and require the Company to seek a new waiver from the right of first refusal on the terms set forth in this Section 8.

3 

9. Closing; Closing Deliverables. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement
of the Securities shall occur via Delivery Versus Payment (DVP) (i.e., on the Closing Date,
the Company shall cause the Depositary to issue the Securities directly to the clearing firm designated by the Placement Agent; upon receipt
of such Securities, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Securities to the applicable Purchaser, and payment
therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company).

9.1.Company Deliveries.

9.1.1.On the date hereof, the Company shall deliver each of the following:

9.1.1.1This Agreement duly executed by the Company.

9.1.1.2A certificate executed by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company in customary form reasonably satisfactory to the Placement
Agent and its counsel.

9.1.1.3The Lock-Up Agreements.

9.1.2.On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver each the following:

9.1.2.1A legal opinion of Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP, addressed to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers, in form and substance
reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent and Purchasers.

9.1.2.2A copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver, on an expedited basis,
a certificate (or at the request of the Purchaser, book entry statement) evidencing a number of Shares equal to such Purchasers
Subscription Amount divided by the Per Unit Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser; subject to the first sentence of
Section 9, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited basis
via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) Shares equal to the portion
of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable to Shares, divided by the Per Unit Purchase Price, registered in the name of
such Purchaser.

9.1.2.3For each Purchaser of Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to Section 9, a Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser
to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable to
Pre-Funded Warrants divided by the Per Unit Purchase Price, with an exercise price equal to $0.00001, subject to adjustment as provided
therein.

9.1.2.4The Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by
the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer.

9.1.2.5A duly executed and delivered Officers Certificate, in customary form reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent and
its counsel.

9.1.2.6A cold comfort letter from the Companys auditor, addressed to the Placement Agent in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
in all material respects.

9.1.2.7The Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

10. Conditions of the Obligations of the Placement Agent. The obligations of the Placement Agent
hereunder shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in the Securities
Purchase Agreement (on which the Company authorizes the Placement Agent to rely), in each case as of the date hereof and as of the Closing
Date as though then made, to the timely performance by each of the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder on and as
of such dates, and to each of the following additional conditions:

4 

10.1.Regulatory Matters.

10.1.1.Effectiveness of Registration Statement; Rule 424 Information. The Registration Statement is effective on the date
of this Agreement, and, on the Closing Date no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment thereto has been issued under the Securities Act, no order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or
the Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings for any of those purposes have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys
knowledge, contemplated by the Commission. The Company has complied with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information.
All filings with the Commission required by Rule 424 under the Securities Act to have been filed by the Closing Date shall have been made
within the applicable time period prescribed for such filing by Rule 424.

10.1.2.Listing of Additional Shares. On or before the Closing Date, the Company shall have filed a notice with the Exchange
with respect to the Companys additional listing of the securities sold in the Offering.

10.2.Closing Deliverables. The Company shall have delivered all closing deliverables to the Placement Agent as set forth
in Section 9.1 as of the time required and in form reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

10.2.1.No Material Changes. Prior to and on the Closing Date: (i) there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect or development
involving a prospective Material Adverse Effect in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of the
Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus;
(ii) no action, suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any affiliates of
the Company before or by any court or federal or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision,
ruling or finding may materially adversely affect the business, operations, prospects or financial condition or income of the Company,
except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Securities
Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; and (iv) the Registration Statement and the
Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements which are required to be stated therein in
accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements of
the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations, and neither the Registration Statement nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or
supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

10.2.2.Additional Documents. At the Closing Date, Placement Agents counsel shall have been furnished with such documents
and opinions as they may require in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of
any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities
as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Placement Agent and Placement Agents counsel.

11. Termination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company agrees
that the provisions relating to the payment of fees, reimbursement of expenses, right of first refusal, indemnification and contribution,
equitable remedies, confidentiality, conflicts, independent contractor and waiver of the right to trial by jury will survive any termination
or expiration of this placement agent agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company has the right
to terminate the placement agent agreement for cause in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(5)(B)(i). The exercise of such right of termination
for cause eliminates the Companys obligations with respect to the provisions relating to right of first refusal. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this placement agent agreement, in the event that no Placement is completed for any reason whatsoever
during the Engagement Period, the Company shall be obligated to pay to Aegis its actual and accountable out-of-pocket expenses related
to the Placement (including the fees and disbursements of Placement Agents legal counsel) and if applicable, for electronic road
show service used in connection with the Placement. During the engagement hereunder: (i) the Company will not, and will not permit its
representatives to, other than in coordination with Aegis, contact or solicit institutions, corporations or other entities or individuals
as potential purchasers of the Securities and (ii) the Company will not pursue any financing transaction which would be in lieu of the
Placement. Furthermore, the Company agrees that during Aegiss engagement hereunder, all inquiries from prospective investors will
be referred to Aegis.

12. Publicity. The Company agrees that it will not issue press releases or engage in any other
publicity, without Aegiss prior written consent, commencing on the date hereof and continuing until the final Closing of the Placement.

5 

13. Information. During the Engagement Period or until the Closing, the Company agrees to cooperate
with Aegis and to furnish, or cause to be furnished, to Aegis, any and all information and data concerning the Company, and the Placement
that Aegis deems appropriate (the Information). The Company will provide Aegis reasonable access during normal
business hours from and after the date of execution of this placement agent agreement until the Closing to all of the Companys
assets, properties, books, contracts, commitments and records and to the Companys officers, directors, employees, appraisers, independent
accountants, legal counsel and other consultants and advisors. Except as contemplated by the terms hereof or as required by applicable
law, Aegis will keep strictly confidential all non-public Information concerning the Company provided to Aegis. No obligation of confidentiality
will apply to Information that: (a) is in the public domain as of the date hereof or hereafter enters the public domain without a breach
by Aegis, (b) was known or became known by Aegis prior to the Companys disclosure thereof to Aegis as demonstrated by the existence
of its written records, (c) becomes known to Aegis from a source other than the Company which information is not provided by the breach
of an obligation of confidentiality owed to the Company, (d) is disclosed by the Company to a third party without restrictions on its
disclosure or (e) is independently developed by Aegis as demonstrated by its written records. For the avoidance of doubt, except as otherwise
provided herein, all information which is not publicly available relating to the Companys proprietary technology is proprietary
and confidential.

14. No Third Party Beneficiaries; No Fiduciary Obligations. This placement agent agreement does
not create, and shall not be construed as creating, rights enforceable by any person or entity not a party hereto, except those entitled
hereto by virtue of the indemnification provisions hereof. The Company acknowledges and agrees that: (i) Aegis is not and shall not be
construed as a fiduciary of the Company and shall have no duties or liabilities to the equity holders or the creditors of the Company
or any other person or entity by virtue of this placement agent agreement or the retention of Aegis hereunder, all of which are hereby
expressly waived; and (ii) Aegis is a full service securities firm engaged in a wide range of businesses and from time to time, in the
ordinary course of its business, Aegis or its affiliates may hold long or short positions and trade or otherwise effect transactions for
its own account or the account of its customers in debt or equity securities or loans of the companies which may be the subject of the
transactions contemplated by this placement agent agreement. During the course of Aegiss engagement with the Company, Aegis may
have in its possession material, non-public information regarding other companies that could potentially be relevant to the Company or
the transactions contemplated herein but which cannot be shared due to an obligation of confidence to such other companies.

15. Indemnification, Advancement & Contribution.

15.1.Indemnification. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Aegis, its affiliates and each person controlling
Aegis (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act), and the directors, officers, agents and employees of Aegis, its affiliates
and each such controlling person (Aegis, and each such entity or person hereafter is referred to as an Indemnified Person)
from and against any losses, claims, damages, judgments, assessments, costs and other liabilities (collectively, the Liabilities),
and shall reimburse each Indemnified Person for all fees and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Indemnified
Persons) (collectively, the Expenses) and agrees to advance payment of such Expenses as they are incurred
by an Indemnified Person in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any actions, whether or not any Indemnified Person is a party
thereto, arising out of or based upon (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in (A) the Registration
Statement, Prospectus or any other offering documents (as from time to time each may be amended and supplemented), (B) any materials or
information provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the Placement, including
any road show or investor presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically), or (C) any
application or other document or written communication (collectively called application) executed by the Company or based
upon written information furnished by the Company in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Securities under the securities laws thereof
or to file for an exemption from such requirement or filed with the Commission, any state securities commission or agency, any national
securities exchange; or (ii) the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, unless such statement or
omission was made in reliance upon, and in conformity with, information provided to the Company by Aegis in writing specifically for use
in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or any other offering documents with respect which or resulting from conduct by Aegis or another
Indemnified Party, as to which Aegis shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its officers, directors and controlling parties in
the manner set forth in this Section 15. The Company also agrees to reimburse and advance each Indemnified Person for all Expenses as
they are incurred in connection with such Indemnified Persons enforcement of his or its rights under this Section 15.

6 

15.2.Procedure. Upon receipt by an Indemnified Person of actual notice of an action against such Indemnified Person with
respect to which indemnity may reasonably be expected to be sought under this Section 15, such Indemnified Person shall promptly notify
the Company in writing; provided that failure by any Indemnified Person so to notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from any
obligation or liability which the Company may have on account of this Section 15 or otherwise to such Indemnified Person. The Company
shall, if requested by Aegis, assume the defense of any such action (including the employment of counsel designated by Aegis and reasonably
satisfactory to the Company). Any Indemnified Person shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate
in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Person unless: (i) the Company
has failed promptly to assume the defense and employ separate counsel reasonably acceptable to Aegis for the benefit of Aegis and the
other Indemnified Persons or (ii) such Indemnified Person shall have been advised that in the opinion of counsel that there is an actual
or potential conflict of interest that prevents (or makes it imprudent for) the counsel designated by and engaged by the Company for the
purpose of representing the Indemnified Person, to represent both such Indemnified Person and any other person represented or proposed
to be represented by such counsel, in which event the Company shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of one counsel, plus local counsel,
for all Indemnified Parties, which counsel shall, if Aegis is a defendant, be designated by Aegis. The Company shall not be liable for
any settlement of any action effected without its written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). In addition, the Company
shall not, without the prior written consent of Aegis, settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in or otherwise seek
to terminate any pending or threatened action in respect of which advancement, reimbursement, indemnification or contribution may be sought
hereunder (whether or not such Indemnified Person is a party thereto) unless such settlement, compromise, consent or termination (i) includes
an unconditional release of each Indemnified Person, acceptable to such Indemnified Party, from all Liabilities arising out of such action
for which indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault,
culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any Indemnified Person. The advancement, reimbursement, indemnification and contribution
obligations of the Company required hereby shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation
or defense, as every Liability and Expense is incurred and is due and payable, and in such amounts as fully satisfy each and every Liability
and Expense as it is incurred (and in no event later than 30 Calendar Days following the date of any invoice therefore).

15.3.Contribution. In the event that a court of competent jurisdiction makes a finding, final beyond right of review,
that indemnity is unavailable to an Indemnified Person, the Company shall contribute to the Liabilities and Expenses paid or payable by
such Indemnified Person in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect (i) the relative benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and
to Aegis and any other Indemnified Person, on the other hand, of the matters contemplated by this Section 15 or (ii) if the allocation
provided by the immediately preceding clause is not permitted by applicable law, not only such relative benefits but also the relative
fault of the Company, on the one hand, and Aegis and any other Indemnified Person, on the other hand, in connection with the matters as
to which such Liabilities or Expenses relate, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations; provided that in no event shall
the Company contribute less than the amount necessary to ensure that all Indemnified Persons, in the aggregate, are not liable for any
Liabilities and Expenses in excess of the amount of commissions and non-accountable expense allowance actually received by Aegis in the
Placement. The relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company on the
one hand or Aegis on the other and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or
prevent such statement or omission. The Company and Aegis agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this
subsection 15.3 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable
considerations referred to above in this subsection 15.3. For purposes of this paragraph, the relative benefits to the Company, on the
one hand, and to Aegis on the other hand, of the matters contemplated by this Section 15 shall be deemed to be in the same proportion
as: (a) the total value received by the Company in the Placement, whether or not such Placement is consummated, bears to (b) the commissions
paid to Aegis under the Placement Agent Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation within
the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act shall be entitled to contribution from a party who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation.

15.4.Limitation. The Company also agrees that no Indemnified Person shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect,
in contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company for or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified
Person pursuant to this placement agent agreement, the transactions contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or
inactions in connection with any such advice, services or transactions, except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction has
made a finding that Liabilities (and related Expenses) of the Company have resulted exclusively from such Indemnified Persons gross
negligence or willful misconduct in connection with any such advice, actions, inactions or services.

7 

16. Equitable Remedies. Each party to this placement agent agreement acknowledges and agrees
that (a) a breach or threatened breach by the Company of any of its obligations under Section 8 or the exclusivity provisions of Section
1 would give rise to irreparable harm to Aegis for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy and (b) if a breach or a threatened
breach by the Company of any such obligations occurs, Aegis will, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies that may be available
to such party at law, at equity, or otherwise in respect of such breach, be entitled to equitable relief, including a temporary restraining
order, an injunction, specific performance of the terms of Section 8 or the exclusivity provisions of Section 1, as applicable, and any
other relief that may be available from a court of competent jurisdiction, without any requirement to (i) post a bond or other security,
or (ii) prove actual damages or that monetary damages will not afford an adequate remedy. Each party to this placement agent agreement
agrees that such party shall not oppose or otherwise challenge the existence of irreparable harm, the appropriateness of equitable relief
or the entry by a court of competent jurisdiction of an order granting equitable relief, in either case, consistent with the terms of
this Section 16.

17. Governing Law; Venue. This placement agent agreement will be deemed to have been made and
delivered in the State of New York, USA, and both the binding provisions of this placement agent agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby will be governed as to validity, interpretation, construction, effect and in all other respects by the internal laws of the State
of New York, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Each of Aegis and the Company: (i) agrees that any legal suit,
action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this placement agent agreement and/or the transactions contemplated hereby will be
instituted exclusively in the courts located in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York, County of New York, State of New York (ii)
waives any objection which it may have or hereafter to the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding, and (iii) irrevocably consents
to the jurisdiction of the courts located in the City of New York, County of New York and State of New York, in any such suit, action
or proceeding. Each of Aegis and the Company further agrees to accept and acknowledge service of any and all process which may be served
in any such suit, action or proceeding in such courts and agrees that service of process upon the Company mailed by certified mail to
the Companys address will be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon the Company, in any such suit, action or
proceeding, and service of process upon Aegis mailed by certified mail to Aegiss address will be deemed in every respect effective
service process upon Aegis, in any such suit, action or proceeding. Notwithstanding any provision of this placement agent agreement to
the contrary, the Company agrees that neither Aegis nor its affiliates, and the respective officers, directors, employees, agents and
representatives of Aegis, its affiliates and each other person, if any, controlling Aegis or any of its affiliates, will have any liability
(whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company for or in connection with the engagement and transaction
described herein except for any such liability for losses, claims, damages or liabilities incurred by the Company that are finally judicially
determined to have resulted from the bad faith or gross negligence of such individuals or entities. Aegis will act under this placement
agent agreement as an independent contractor with duties to the Company.

18. Miscellaneous. The Company represents and warrants that it has all required power and authority
to enter into and carry out the terms and provisions of this placement agent agreement and the execution, delivery and performance of
this placement agent agreement does not breach or conflict with any agreement, document or instrument to which it is a party or bound.
The binding provisions of this placement agent agreement are legally binding upon and inure to the benefit of both the Company and Aegis
and their respective assigns, successors, and legal representatives. If any provision of this placement agent agreement is determined
to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such determination will not affect such provision in any other respect, and the remainder
of the placement agent agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This placement agent agreement may be executed in counterparts
(including electronic counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the
same instrument. The undersigned hereby consents to receipt of this placement agent agreement in electronic form and understands and agrees
that this placement agent agreement may be signed electronically. Signatures to this placement agent agreement transmitted in electronic
form will have the same effect as physical delivery of a paper document bearing the original signature, and if any signature is delivered
electronically evidencing an intent to sign this placement agent agreement, such electronic mail or other electronic transmission shall
create a valid and binding obligation of the undersigned with the same force and effect as if such signature were an original. Execution
and delivery of this placement agent agreement by electronic mail or other electronic transmission is legal, valid and binding for all
purposes.

If you are in agreement with
the foregoing, please sign and return to us one copy of this placement agent agreement. This placement agent agreement may be executed
in counterparts (including facsimile or .pdf counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument.

[Signature Page of SBFM Registered Direct Shelf
Takedown Placement Agent Agreement Follows]

8 

[Signature Page of SBFM Registered Direct Shelf
Takedown Placement Agent Agreement]

Very truly yours,

Aegis Capital Corp.

By: /s/ Robert Eide 

Name: Robert Eide 

Title: Chief Executive Officer

AGREED AND ACCEPTED:

The foregoing accurately sets forth our understanding and agreement
with respect to the matters set forth herein.

Sunshine Biopharma Inc.

By: /s/ Steve
Slilaty 

Name: Steve Slilaty 

Title: Chief Executive Officer

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>sunshine_ex1003.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PRE-FUNDED WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

REGISTERED PRE-FUNDED WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON
STOCK

SUNSHINE BIOPHARMA INC.

Warrant Shares: [] Initial Exercise Date: April 2, 2025

Issuance Date: April 3, 2025

THIS PRE-FUNDED WARRANT
TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [] or its assigns (the
Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time until this Warrant is exercised in full (the Termination Date), to subscribe for and
purchase from Sunshine Biopharma Inc., a Colorado corporation (the Company), up to [] shares (as subject
to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one (1) share of Common
Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2.2.

1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant or in the Securities
Purchase Agreement dated April 2, 2025 by and among the Company and the investors (the Purchasers) referred
to therein (the Securities Purchase Agreement), the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section
1:

1.1.Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls
or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities
Act.

1.2.Bid Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies:
(a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the
nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based
on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market,
the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c)
if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on
the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price
per share of Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

1.3.Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

1.4.Business Day means a Calendar Day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any other Calendar Day which is
a federal legal holiday in the United States or any Calendar Day on which the commercial banks in the City of New York are required by
law or other governmental action to close, provided that the commercial banks in the City of New York shall not be deemed to be required
to be closed due to a stay at home, shelter in place, non-essential employee or similar orders
or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic
funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in the City of New York generally are open for use by customers
on such Calendar Day.

1.5.Calendar Day means each and every day of the week (Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday
and Saturday).

1.6.Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

1.7.Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, $0.001 par value per share, and any other class
of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

1.8.Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle
the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant
or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof
to receive, Common Stock.

1.9.Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

1.10.Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association,
joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any
kind.

1.11.Registration Statement means the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284142).

1.12.Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

1.13.Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct
or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

1.14.Trading Day means a Calendar Day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

1.15.Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed
or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global
Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

1.16.Transaction Documents means the Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 2, 2025, these Warrants,
such other Warrants as contemplated in the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Placement Agent Agreement, the Lock-Up Agreement and all
exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereunder.

1.17.Transfer Agent means Equiniti Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing
address of 1110 Centre Pointe Curve Mendota Heights, MN 55120 and an email address of , and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

1.18.VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies:
(a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for
such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg
L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not
a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX
as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are
then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most
recent bid price per share of Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock
as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding
and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

1.19.Warrants means this Warrant and other Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant
to the Securities Purchase Agreement.

2 

2. Exercise.

2.1.Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part,
at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly
executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
2.1 (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading
Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2.4.1 herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder
shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers
check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2.3 below is specified in the applicable
Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee
or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the
Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three
(3) Trading Days after the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting
in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding
number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and
the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver
any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day after receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance
of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the
Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount
stated on the face hereof.

2.2.Exercise Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.00001 per
Warrant Share, subject to adjustment hereunder (such nominal exercise price, the Exercise Price), was pre-funded
to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than such Exercise Price)
shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise of this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the
return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever.

2.3.Cashless Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, by means of a cashless exercise
in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by
(A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice
of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) delivered pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof on a Calendar Day that is not a Trading Day or
(2) delivered pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined
in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder,
either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the highest Bid Price
of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. within two (2) hours of the Holders delivery
of the Notice of Exercise pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof if such Notice of Exercise is delivered during regular trading hours,
or within two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is delivered pursuant to Section
2.1 hereof two (2) or more hours following the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the
terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares
are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act,
the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position
contrary to this Section 2.3.

3 

2.4.Mechanics of Exercise.

2.4.1.Delivery of Warrant Shares upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted
by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate
or by electronic delivery (at the election of the Holder), for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading
Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date).
Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of
the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares,
provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of
(i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice
of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for
purposes of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act to have become the holder of the Warrant Shares irrespective of the date of delivery
of the Warrant Shares. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each
$1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise),
$10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third (3rd) Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each
Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company
agrees to maintain a Transfer Agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.
As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of
Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the
Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New
York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Securities Purchase
Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial
Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of
the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date.

2.4.2.Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at
the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the
Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which
new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

2.4.3.Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares
pursuant to Section 2.4.1 by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

4 

2.4.4.Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights
available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with
the provisions of Section 2.4.1 above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the
Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise
purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated
receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount,
if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock
so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver
to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation
was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares
for which such exercise was not honored and return any amount received by the Company in respect of the Exercise Price for those Warrant
Shares (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would
have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases
Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock
with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence
the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable
to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit
a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree
of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock
upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

2.4.5.No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon
the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise,
the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction
multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

2.4.6.Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue
or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be
paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by
the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of
the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.4.6
duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any
transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-Trading Day processing of any Notice
of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required
for same-Trading Day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

2.4.7.Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely
exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

5 

2.5.Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall
not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect
to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates,
and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution
Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of
the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties
shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is
being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised
portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion
of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock
Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the
Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2.5,
beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith.
To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2.5 applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in
relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant
is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any
group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2.5, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may
rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report
filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice
by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request
of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice
to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2.5, provided that the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to
the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2.5 shall continue
to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until 61 Calendar Days after such notice is delivered
to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with
the terms of this Section 2.5 to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended
Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such
limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

6 

3. Certain Adjustments.

3.1.Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend
or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable
in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise
of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way
of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares
of Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of
which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such
event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number
of Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3.1 shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective
date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

3.2.Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3.1 above, if at any time the Company
grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to all
(or substantially all) of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights),
then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the
Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant
(without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately
before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights
(provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent
(or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to
such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

3.3.Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any
dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to all (or substantially all) holders of shares of Common
Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property
or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction)
(a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall
be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held
the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for
such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined
for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any
such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate
in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to
such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as
its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not
been partially or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for
the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

7 

3.4.Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or
any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all
or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer
or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell,
tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding
Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one
or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share
exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v)
the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business
combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another
Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or
more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon
any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable
upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to
any limitation in Section 2.5 on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation
or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable
immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2.5 on the exercise of this Warrant). For
purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the
Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any
different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property
to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives
upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a
Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any
time concurrently with, or within 30 Trading Days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the
public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount
of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys control, including
not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor
Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this
Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction,
whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given
the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further,
that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders
of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock/shares of the Successor Entity (which Entity may be the Company following
such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this
Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg, L.P. (Bloomberg)
determined as of the Trading Day of consummation of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting
(A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement
of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of (1)
100% and (2) the 100 Trading Day volatility as obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 Calendar Day annualization
factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C)
the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash,
if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest VWAP
during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental
Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders
request pursuant to this Section 3.4 and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of
the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes
Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five (5) Business
Days after the Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor
entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume
in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction

8 

Documents in accordance with the provisions
of this Section 3.4 pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder
(without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange
for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this
Warrant that is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent
to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise
of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such
shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock prior to such Fundamental Transaction
and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of
protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall
be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall
refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity
or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the
Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other
Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had
been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section
3.4 regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii)
whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

3.5.Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest fraction of a cent as in the initial
Exercise Price or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock
deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares,
if any) issued and outstanding.

3.6.Notice to Holder.

3.6.1.Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3,
the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting
adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

3.6.2.Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever
form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock,
(C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares
of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 Calendar Days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be
entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property
deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver
such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified
in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding
the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report
on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the
effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

9 

4. Transfer of Warrant.

4.1.Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are
transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together
with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2.4.6 duly executed by the Holder
or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender
and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees,
as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a
new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned
this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days after the date
on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance
herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

4.2.New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid
office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed
by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4.1, as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial Issuance Date of
this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

4.3.Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that
purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may
deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution
to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

5. Miscellaneous.

5.1.No Rights as Stockholder until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting
rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2.4.1, except as
expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2.3 or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2.4.1 and Section 2.4.4 herein, in no event shall the Company
be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

5.2.Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence
reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant
Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

5.3.Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of
any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken, or such right may be exercised, on the
next succeeding Business Day.

10 

5.4.Authorized Shares.

5.4.1.Reservation of Authorized and Unissued Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding,
it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient
number of shares of Common Stock to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this
Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged
with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take
all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of
any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company
covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon
exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable (which means that no further sums are required to be paid by the holders thereof in connection
with the issue thereof) and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than
taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

5.4.2.Noncircumvention. Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any
action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance
of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking
of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount
payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or
appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of
this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public
regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

5.4.3.Authorizations, Exemptions and Consents. Before taking any action that would result in an adjustment in the number
of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or
exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

5.5.Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles
of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the
transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers,
shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City
of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of
New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated
hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant,
the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees
and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing in this paragraph shall limit or restrict the federal district court in which a Holder may bring a claim under
the federal securities laws.

11 

5.6.Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not
registered, and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities
laws.

5.7.Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part
of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding
the fact that the right to exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. No provision of this Warrant shall be construed as
a waiver by the Holder of any rights which the Holder may have under the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the
Commission thereunder. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant or the Securities Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully
and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall
pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys
fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing
any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

5.8.Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including,
without limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized
overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at 333 Las Olas Way, CU4 Suite 433, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301, Attention: Steve
Slilaty, Chief Executive Officer, email address: steve.slilaty@sunshinebiopharma.com, or such other email address or address as the Company
may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the
Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service
addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication
or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section 5.8 prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii)
the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set
forth in this Section 5.8 on a Calendar Day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day,
(iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv)
upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes,
or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice
with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

5.9.Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise
this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability
of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the
Company or by creditors of the Company.

5.10.Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of
damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not
be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive
and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.11.Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced
hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted
assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and
shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

5.12.Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the
Company, on the one hand, and a majority-in-interest of Holders of the Warrants, on the other hand. No modification or amendment or modification
of the provisions hereof may be waived in a manner that is more favorable to other holder(s) of Warrants, as applicable, or to treat any
holder(s) of Warrants in a manner that is in any respect not equal to the treatment of all other holder(s) of Warrants.

12 

5.13.Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective
and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision
shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

5.14.Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose,
be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

[SBFM Investor Registered Pre-Funded Warrant
Signature Page Follows]

13 

[SBFM Investor Registered Pre-Funded Warrant
Signature Page]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Registered Pre-Funded Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

SUNSHINE BIOPHARMA INC.

By: ______________________________

Name: Steve Slilaty

Its: Chief Executive Officer

14 

Exhibit 2.1

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: SUNSHINE
BIOPHARMA INC.

(1)The undersigned hereby elects to purchase _____________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant
(only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes,
if any.

(2)Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ ] in lawful money
of the United States.

[ ] if permitted
the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2.3, to exercise
this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in
subsection 2.3.

(3)Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be
delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

15 

[SBFM Investor Registered Pre-Funded Warrant
Exercise Notice Investor Signature Page]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

16 

Exhibit 2.4.6

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant,
execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to:

Name: 

Address: 

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Date: 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address: 

17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>sunshine_ex9901.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED APRIL 2, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Sunshine Biopharma Inc. Announces $2.46 Million
Registered Direct Offering Priced at the Market Under Nasdaq Rules

FORT LAUDERDALE, FL, APRIL 2, 2025 (ACCESS
NEWSWIRE) -- Sunshine Biopharma Inc. (NASDAQ: SBFM) (the Company), a pharmaceutical company offering and researching
life-saving medicines in a variety of therapeutic areas including oncology and antivirals, today announced that it has entered into definitive
agreements in a registered direct offering with institutional investors for the purchase and sale of approximately $2.46 million of shares
of Common Stock and pre-funded warrants at a price of $2.07 per share of Common Stock. The entire transaction has been priced at the market
under Nasdaq rules.

The offering consisted of the sale of 1,188,404
shares of Common Stock (or Pre-Funded Warrants). The offering price per Common Share is $2.07 (or $2.069 for each Pre-Funded Warrant,
which is equal to the offering price per share of Common Stock to be sold in the offering minus an exercise price of $0.001 per Pre-Funded
Warrant). The Pre-Funded Warrants will be immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until exercised in full.

Aggregate gross proceeds to the Company are expected
to be approximately $2.46 million. The transaction is expected to close on or about April 3, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary
closing conditions. The Company expects to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes and working capital.

Aegis Capital Corp. is acting as exclusive
placement agent for the offering. Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP is acting as counsel to the Company. Kaufman & Canoles, P.C. is
acting as counsel to Aegis Capital Corp.

The registered direct offering is being made pursuant
to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-284142) previously filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) and declared effective by the SEC on January 15, 2025. A final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus describing the
terms of the proposed offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SECs website located at www.sec.gov.
Electronic copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may be obtained, when available, by contacting Aegis
Capital Corp., Attention: Syndicate Department, 1345 Avenue of the Americas, 27th floor, New York, NY 10105, by email at syndicate@aegiscap.com,
or by telephone at +1 (212) 813-1010.

Interested parties should read in their entirety
the prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the other documents that the Company has filed with the SEC that are incorporated
by reference in such prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, which provide more information about the Company and such
offering.

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such
offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About Sunshine Biopharma Inc.

Sunshine Biopharma currently has 70 generic prescription
drugs on the market in Canada and 13 additional drugs scheduled to be launched in the remainder of 2025. Among the new drugs to be launched
is NIOPEG, a biosimilar of NEULASTA. Like NEULASTA, NIOPEG is a long-acting form of recombinant human granulocyte
colony-stimulating factor (filgrastim). It is indicated to decrease the incidence of infection in patients with non-myeloid malignancies
receiving anti-neoplastic therapy. In addition, Sunshine Biopharma is conducting a proprietary drug development program which is comprised
of (i) K1.1 mRNA, an mRNA-Lipid Nanoparticle targeted for liver cancer, and (ii) PLpro protease inhibitor, a small molecule for treatment
of SARS Coronavirus infections. For more information, please visit: www.sunshinebiopharma.com.

1 

Forward-Looking Statements

The foregoing material may contain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
each as amended. Forward-looking statements include all statements that do not relate solely to historical or current facts, including
without limitation statements regarding the Companys product development and business prospects, and can be identified by the use
of words such as may, will, expect, project, estimate, anticipate,
plan, believe, potential, should, continue or the negative versions
of those words or other comparable words. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future actions or performance. These forward-looking
statements are based on information currently available to the Company and its current plans or expectations and are subject to a number
of risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect current plans. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected,
intended, or planned. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable,
the Company cannot guarantee future results, performance, or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the security
laws of the United States, the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to
actual results.

For additional information, please contact:

Mr. Camille Sebaaly, CFO

Direct Line: 514-814-0464

camille.sebaaly@sunshinebiopharma.com

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>sunshine_ex9902.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED APRIL 3, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Sunshine Biopharma
Inc. Announces Closing of $2.46 Million Registered Direct Offering

FORT LAUDERDALE, FL, APRIL 3, 2025 (ACCESS
NEWSWIRE) -- Sunshine Biopharma Inc. (NASDAQ: SBFM) (the Company), a pharmaceutical company offering and researching
life-saving medicines in a variety of therapeutic areas including oncology and antivirals, today announced the closing of the previously
announced registered direct offering with institutional investors of approximately $2.46 million of shares of Common Stock and pre-funded
warrants at a price of $2.07 per share of Common Stock. The entire transaction was priced at the market under Nasdaq rules.

The offering consisted of the sale of 1,188,404
shares of Common Stock (or Pre-Funded Warrants). The price per Common Share was $2.07 (or $2.06999 for each Pre-Funded Warrant, which
is equal to the offering price per share of Common Stock sold in the offering minus an exercise price of $0.00001 per Pre-Funded Warrant).
The Pre-Funded Warrants are immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until exercised in full.

The Company received aggregate gross proceeds
from the offering of approximately $2.46 million. The transaction closed on April 3, 2025. The Company expects to use the net proceeds
from the offering for general corporate purposes and working capital.

Aegis Capital Corp. acted as exclusive placement
agent for the offering. Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP acted as counsel to the Company. Kaufman & Canoles, P.C. acted as counsel
to Aegis Capital Corp.

The registered direct offering was made pursuant
to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-284142) previously filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) and declared effective by the SEC on January 15, 2025. A final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus describing the
terms of the offering has been filed with the SEC and is available on the SECs website located at www.sec.gov. Electronic
copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may be obtained, by contacting Aegis Capital Corp., Attention:
Syndicate Department, 1345 Avenue of the Americas, 27th floor, New York, NY 10105, by email at syndicate@aegiscap.com, or by telephone
at +1 (212) 813-1010.

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such
offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About Sunshine Biopharma Inc.

Sunshine Biopharma currently has 70 generic prescription
drugs on the market in Canada and 13 additional drugs scheduled to be launched in the remainder of 2025. Among the new drugs to be launched
is NIOPEG, a biosimilar of NEULASTA. Like NEULASTA, NIOPEG is a long-acting form of recombinant human granulocyte
colony-stimulating factor (filgrastim). It is indicated to decrease the incidence of infection in patients with non-myeloid malignancies
receiving anti-neoplastic therapy. In addition, Sunshine Biopharma is conducting a proprietary drug development program which is comprised
of (i) K1.1 mRNA, an mRNA-Lipid Nanoparticle targeted for liver cancer, and (ii) PLpro protease inhibitor, a small molecule for treatment
of SARS Coronavirus infections. For more information, please visit: www.sunshinebiopharma.com.

1 

Forward-Looking Statements

The foregoing material may contain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
each as amended. Forward-looking statements include all statements that do not relate solely to historical or current facts, including
without limitation statements regarding the Companys product development and business prospects, and can be identified by the use
of words such as may, will, expect, project, estimate, anticipate,
plan, believe, potential, should, continue or the negative versions
of those words or other comparable words. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future actions or performance. These forward-looking
statements are based on information currently available to the Company and its current plans or expectations and are subject to a number
of risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect current plans. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected,
intended, or planned. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable,
the Company cannot guarantee future results, performance, or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the security
laws of the United States, the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to
actual results.

For additional information, please contact:

Mr. Camille Sebaaly, CFO

Direct Line: 514-814-0464

camille.sebaaly@sunshinebiopharma.com

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>sbfm-20250402.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>sbfm-20250402_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>sbfm-20250402_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock [Member] 

Common Stock Purchase Warrants [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>sbfm-20250402_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>image_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>image_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 02, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 02, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41282

Entity Registrant Name SUNSHINE
BIOPHARMA INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001402328

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-5566275

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code CO

Entity Address, Address Line One 333
Las Olas Way

Entity Address, Address Line Two CU4
Suite 433

Entity Address, City or Town Fort Lauderdale

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33301

City Area Code (954)

Local Phone Number 330-0684

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001

Trading Symbol SBFM

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Common Stock Purchase Warrants [Member] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock Purchase Warrants

Trading Symbol SBFMW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SBFM_CommonStockPurchaseWarrantsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://sunshinebiopharma.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

sbfm-20250402.xsd 
sbfm-20250402_def.xml 
sbfm-20250402_lab.xml 
sbfm-20250402_pre.xml 
sunshine_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>0001683168-25-002245-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>sunshine_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001402328 

2025-04-02 
2025-04-02 

0001402328 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-04-02 
2025-04-02 

0001402328 

SBFM:CommonStockPurchaseWarrantsMember 

2025-04-02 
2025-04-02 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001402328 
8-K 
2025-04-02 
SUNSHINE BIOPHARMA INC. 
CO 
001-41282 
20-5566275 
333 Las Olas Way 
CU4 Suite 433 
Fort Lauderdale 
FL 
33301 
(954) 
330-0684 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 
SBFM 
NASDAQ 
Common Stock Purchase Warrants 
SBFMW 
NASDAQ 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>