<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001826466-25-000034.txt : 20250402
<SEC-HEADER>0001826466-25-000034.hdr.sgml : 20250402
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250402145007
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001826466-25-000034
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250402
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250402

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Carriage House Event Center, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001798458
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				272950800
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56423
		FILM NUMBER:		25803676

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6521 OCASO DRIVE
		CITY:			CASTLE PINES
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-730-7939

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6521 OCASO DRIVE
		CITY:			CASTLE PINES
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80108
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?- CARRIAGE HOUSE EVENT CENTER, INC.: FORM 8-K/A - Filed by EDGARhub LLC

false--12-310001798458true00017984582025-03-312025-03-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C.
20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 31, 2025

CARRIAGE HOUSE EVENT CENTER, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Colorado 000-56423 82-4268982

(State or other jurisdiction of (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer 

incorporation or organization) Identification No.)

Tianan Science Park,Tower
23, 20th Floor 

Panyu District, Guangzhou, PRC 510006 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

+8615016720830

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

N/A 

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report) 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is
intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant
under any of the following provisions: 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425
under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to
Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to
Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Name of each exchange on which 

Title of each
class Trading Symbol(s) registered 

N/A N/A N/A 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of
this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b -2
of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to
Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws;
Change in Fiscal Year.

On March 31, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of
CARRIAGE HOUSE EVENT CENTER, INC., a Colorado for-profit corporation (the
Company), approved and adopted amendments (the Amendments) to the Company's
Bylaws (the Bylaws) by unanimous written consent, pursuant to authority
granted under Section 7-108-202 of the Colorado Business Corporation Act and as
provided in the Bylaws. The Amendments became effective immediately upon
adoption by the Board. The Amendments clarify various corporate governance
procedures, including provisions related to the calling and conduct of
shareholder meetings, such as special meeting procedures and remote
participation; the process for taking stockholder action by written consent with
a majority threshold; waiver of notice requirements for Board meetings;
specification of Board powers, revisions to officer roles and composition; and
updates to procedures governing stock transfers and record date settings. 

The foregoing descriptions of the Amendments do not purport to
be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the complete
text of the Amendments, a copy of which is filed with this Current Report on
Form 8-K as Exhibits 3.1, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

3.1 First Amended and Restated
Bylaws of CARRIAGE HOUSE EVENT CENTER,INC.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in
Inline XBRL 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

CARRIAGE HOUSE EVENT CENTER,
INC.

By: /s/
Lei He 

Date: April 2, 2025 Name: Lei He 

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>chec-20250331.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>chec-20250331_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>chec-20250331_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>chec-20250402.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>chec-20250402_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>chec-20250402_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>exhibit3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3
<TEXT>
CARRIAGE HOUSE EVENT CENTER, INC.: Exhibit 3.1 - Filed by EDGARhub LLC

FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS 

OF 

CARRIAGE
HOUSE EVENT CENTER, INC. 

(the Corporation ) 

* * * * * * * * * * *

ARTICLE I 

Offices

Section 1. Registered Office. The registered office of
the Corporation in the State of Colorado shall be located at the location
provided in the Corporations Articles of Incorporation. 

Section 2. Other Offices. The Corporation shall also
have and maintain an office or principal place of business at such place as may
be fixed by the Board of Directors, and may also have offices at such other
places, both within and without the State of Colorado as the Board of Directors
may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require.

ARTICLE II 

Books

The books and records of the Corporation may be kept (except as
otherwise provided by the laws of the State of Colorado) outside of the State of
Colorado and at such place or places as may be designated by the Board of
Directors. 

ARTICLE III 

Stockholders

Section 1. Place of Meetings. Except as otherwise
provided in these Bylaws, all meetings of the stockholders shall be held at such
dates, times and places, within or without the State of Colorado, as shall be
determined by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer of the
Corporation and as shall be stated in the notice of the meeting or in waivers of
notice thereof. If the place of any meeting is not so fixed, it shall be held at
the office of the Corporation required to be maintained pursuant to Article I
Section 2 of these Bylaws. 

Section 2. Annual Meetings. The Annual Meeting of
stockholders of the Corporation for the election of Directors and the
transaction of such other business as may properly come before said meeting
shall be held at the principal business office of the Corporation or at such
other place or places either within or without the State of Colorado as may be
designated by the Board of Directors and stated in the notice of the meeting, on
a date not later than 120 days following the close of the fiscal year of the
Corporation as designated by the Board of Directors. 

Section 3. Special Meetings. Special Meetings of the
stockholders of the Corporation may be called, for any purpose or purposes, by
(i) the Chief Executive Officer, (ii) the Chair of the Board of Directors, (iii)
the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the
total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies
in previously authorized directorships at the time any such resolution is
presented to the Board of Directors for adoption) or (iv) by the holders of
common stocks entitled to cast not less than twenty percent (20%) of the votes
at the meeting, and shall be held at such place, on such date, and at such time
as the Board of Directors shall fix. Business transacted at any Special Meeting
of stockholders of the Corporation shall be limited to the purposes stated in
the notice thereof. The notice shall state the date, time, place, and purpose(s)
of the proposed meeting. 

If a Special Meeting is called by any person or persons other
than the Board of Directors, the request shall be in writing, specifying the
general nature of the business proposed to be transacted and, in the case of a
Special Meeting called by one or more stockholders, shall be accompanied by the
information, representations, and other materials required for proposed business
or director nominations to be brought before an Annual Meeting, as applicable,
and shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail to the Chair of the
Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, or the Secretary of the
Corporation. No business may be transacted at such Special Meeting otherwise
than specified in such request; provided, however, that nothing in this
paragraph shall prohibit the Board of Directors from submitting matters to the
stockholders at any Special Meeting requested by stockholders. The Board of Directors shall determine the time and place of such Special Meeting, which shall be held not less than thirty-five (35) nor more than one hundred twenty (120) days after the date of the receipt of the
request. Upon determination of the time and place of the meeting, the officer receiving the request shall cause notice to be given to the stockholders entitled to vote, in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 of these Bylaws. If the notice is
not given within sixty (60) days after the receipt of the request, the person or persons requesting the meeting may set the time and place of the meeting and give the notice. Nothing contained in this paragraph shall be construed as limiting,
fixing, or affecting the time when a meeting of stockholders called by action of the Board of Directors may be held. 

1

Section 4. Notice of Meetings; Waiver of Notice. Except as otherwise required or permitted by law, whenever the stockholders of the Corporation are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, written notice thereof shall be given,
stating the place, date and time of the meeting, the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, the record date for determining the stockholders
entitled to vote at the meeting, if such date is different from the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting, and, unless it is the Annual Meeting, by or at whose direction it is being issued. The notice also shall
designate the place where the stockholders list is available for examination, unless the list is kept at the place where the meeting is to be held. Notice of a Special Meeting also shall state the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is
called. A copy of the notice of any meeting shall be delivered personally or shall be mailed, not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting, to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If
mailed, the notice shall be given when deposited in the mail, postage prepaid and shall be directed to each stockholder at his or her address as it appears on the record of stockholders, unless he or she shall have filed with the Secretary of the
Corporation a written request that notices to him or her be mailed to some other address, in which case it shall be directed to him or her at the other address. Notice of the time, place, and purpose of any meeting of stockholders may be waived in
writing, signed by the person entitled to notice thereof, either before or after such meeting, and will be waived by any stockholder by his or her attendance thereat in person or by proxy, except when the stockholder attends a meeting for the
express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Any stockholder so waiving notice of such meeting shall be bound by the proceedings of any such
meeting in all respects as if due notice thereof had been given. Unless the Board of Directors, after the adjournment of such meeting, shall fix a new record date for an adjourned meeting or unless the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days,
a notice of an adjourned meeting need not be given if the place, date and time to which the meeting shall be adjourned is announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken.

Section 5. List of Stockholders. The officer of the Corporation who shall have charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the
stockholders entitled to vote at said meeting, arranged in alphabetical order and showing the address and the number of common stocks registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any
purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting, either at a place specified in the notice of the meeting or at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also
be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder present at the meeting. 

Section 6. Quorum. Except as otherwise expressly provided by the laws of the State of Colorado, or by the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation, or by these Bylaws, at any and all meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation there
must be present, either in person or by proxy, stockholders owning a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at said meeting. At any meeting of stockholders at which a quorum is not
present, the holders of, or proxies for, a majority of the stock which is represented at such meeting, may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present or represented.
At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present or represented any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, or if after
adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. 

Section 7. Organization. The Chief Executive Officer shall call to order meetings of the stockholders and shall act as Chairman of such meetings. The Board of Directors or the stockholders may appoint any stockholder or any director or
officer of the Corporation to act as Chairman at any meeting in the absence of the Chief Executive Officer. The Secretary of the Corporation shall act as secretary of all meetings of the stockholders, but in the absence of the Secretary, the
presiding officer may appoint any other person to act as secretary of the meeting. 

2

Section 8. Voting. Except as otherwise provided by the
Article of Incorporation of the Corporation or these Bylaws, at any meeting of
the stockholders, each stockholder of record of the Corporation having the right
to vote thereat shall be entitled to one (1) vote for each share of stock
outstanding in his or her name on the books of the Corporation as of the record
date and entitling him or her to so vote. A stockholder may vote in person or by
proxy. Except as otherwise provided by the law of the State of Colorado or by
the Article of Incorporation of the Corporation, any corporate action to be
taken by a vote of the stockholders, other than the election of directors, shall
be authorized by not less than a majority of the votes cast at a meeting by the
stockholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon.
Directors shall be elected as provided in Section 1 of Article IV of these
Bylaws. Written ballots shall not be required for voting on any matter unless
ordered by the Chairman of the meeting. 

Section 9. Proxies. Every proxy shall be executed in
writing by the stockholder or by his or her attorney-in-fact.//A stockholder may
authorize a valid proxy by executing a written instrument signed by such
stockholder, or by causing his or her signature to be affixed to such writing by
any reasonable means, including but not limited to by facsimile signature, or by
transmitting or authorizing an electronic transmission (as defined in Article
VIII of these Bylaws) setting forth an authorization to act as proxy to the
person designated as the holder of the proxy, a proxy solicitation firm or a
like authorized agent.

Section 10. Meetings by Remote Communication. If
determined solely by the Board, and subject to any guidelines and procedures
that the Board may adopt, stockholders and proxy holders not physically present
at a meeting of stockholders may, by means of remote communication, participate
in the meeting and be deemed present in person and vote at the meeting, whether
the meeting is to be held in a designated place or solely by means of remote
communication, provided that (a) the Corporation implements reasonable measures
to verify that each person deemed present and permitted to vote at the meeting
by means of remote communication is a stockholder or proxy holder; (b) the
Corporation implements reasonable measures to provide stockholders and proxy
holders a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting and to vote on
matters submitted to the stockholders, including the opportunity to read or hear
the proceedings in the meeting substantially concurrently with such proceedings;
and (c) if the stockholder or proxy holder votes or takes other action at the
meeting by means of remote communication, a record of the vote or other action
is maintained by the Corporation. 

Section 11. Action Without Meeting. Unless otherwise
provided in the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation, whenever the vote
of the stockholders at a meeting thereof is required or permitted to be taken in
connection with any corporate action by any provision of the laws of the State
of Colorado or the Articles of Incorporation, such corporate action may be taken
without a meeting, without prior notice, and without a vote, if a consent in
writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed, in person or by
proxy, by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum
number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a
meeting at which all shares of common stock entitled to vote thereon were
present and voted in person or by proxy; provided, however, that any such action
shall require the written consent of the holders of not less than a majority
(1/2) of the outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon, unless a greater vote
is required by applicable law. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate
action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given
to those stockholders who have not consented in writing, but who were entitled
to vote on the matter. All such consents shall be filed with the secretary of
the corporation and shall be maintained in the corporate records. Any
stockholder giving a written consent, or the stockholders proxy holders, or a
transferee of the shares of a personal representative of the stockholder or
their respective proxy holders, may revoke the consent by a writing received by
the secretary of the corporation prior to the time that written consents of the
number of shares required to authorize the proposed action have been filed with
the secretary. 

ARTICLE IV 

Directors

Section 1. Number, Election and Term of Office. The
business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by the Board of
Directors. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board shall
be not less than one (1) and not more than nine (9). Within such limits, the
number of directors may be fixed from time to time by vote of the stockholders
or of the Board of Directors, at any regular or special meeting, subject to the
provisions of the Articles of Incorporation. The initial board shall consist of
one (1) director. Directors need not be stockholders. Directors shall be elected
at the Annual Meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, except as provided
in Section 2 of this Article IV, to serve until their respective successors are
duly elected and qualified. When used in these Bylaws, the phrase entire Board
means the total number of directors which the Corporation would have if there
were no vacancies. 

3

Section 2. Vacancies and Newly Created Directorships.
Except as hereinafter provided, any vacancy in the office of a director
occurring for any reason other than the removal of a director pursuant to
Section 3 of this Article, and any newly created Directorship resulting from any
increase in the authorized number of directors, may be filled by a majority of
the directors then in office. In the event that any vacancy in the office of a
director occurs as a result of the removal of a director pursuant to Section 3
of this Article, or in the event that vacancies occur contemporaneously in the
offices of all of the directors, such vacancy or vacancies shall be filled by
the stockholders of the Corporation at a meeting of stockholders called for that
purpose. Directors chosen or elected as aforesaid shall hold office until their
respective successors are duly elected and qualified. 

Section 3. Removals. At any meeting of stockholders of
the Corporation called for that purpose, the holders of a majority of the shares
of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting may remove
from office any or all of the directors, with or without cause. 

Section 4. Resignations. Any director may resign at any
time by giving written notice of his or her resignation to the Corporation. A
resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein or, if the time when
it shall become effective shall not be specified therein, immediately upon its
receipt, and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of a
resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 

Section 5. Place of Meetings. Except as otherwise
provided in these Bylaws, all meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held
at the principal business office of the Corporation or at such other place,
within or without the State of Colorado, as the Board determines from time to
time. 

Section 6. Annual Meetings. The annual meeting of the
Board of Directors shall be held either (a) without notice immediately after the
annual meeting of stockholders and in the same place, or (b) as soon as
practicable after the annual meeting of stockholders on such date and at such
time and place as the Board determines. 

Section 7. Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the
Board of Directors shall be held on such dates and at the principal business
office of the Corporation or at such other place, either within or without the
State of Colorado, as the Board determines. Notice of regular meetings need not
be given, except as otherwise required by law. 

Section 8. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the
Board of Directors may be called by the Chief Executive Officer or any director
on notice given to each director, and such meetings shall be held at the
principal business office of the Corporation or at such other place, either
within or without the State of Colorado, as shall be specified in the notices
thereof. The request shall state the date, time, place and purpose or purposes
of the proposed meeting. 

Section 9. Notice of Meetings; Waiver of Notice. Notice
of each special meeting of the Board of Directors (and of each annual meeting
held pursuant to subdivision (b) of Section 6 of this Article IV) shall be
given, not later than 24 hours before the meeting is scheduled to commence, by
the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary and shall state the place, date and
time of the meeting. Notice of each meeting may be delivered to a director by
hand or given to a director orally (whether by telephone or in person) or mailed
or telegraphed to a director at his or her residence or usual place of business,
provided, however, that if notice of less than 72 hours is given it may not be
mailed. If mailed, the notice shall be deemed to have been given when deposited
in the United States mail, postage prepaid, and if telegraphed, the notice shall
be deemed to have been given when the contents of the telegram are transmitted
to the telegraph service with instructions that the telegram immediately be
dispatched. Notice of any adjourned meeting, including the place, date and time
of the new meeting, shall be given to all directors not present at the time of
the adjournment, as well as to the other directors unless the place, date and
time of the new meeting is announced at the adjourned meeting. 

Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of
the applicable law, the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation, or these
Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice,
whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to
notice. Attendance of a director at a meeting of the Board of Directors shall
constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the director attends
a meeting of the Board of Directors for the express purpose of objecting, at the
beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting
is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at,
nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors, or
of a committee of directors, need be specified in any written waiver of notice
unless so required by applicable law, the Articles of Incorporation of the
Corporation, or these Bylaws. 

4

Section 10. Quorum. Except as otherwise provided by the
laws of the State of Colorado or in these Bylaws, at all meetings of the Board
of Directors of the Corporation a majority of the entire Board shall constitute
a quorum for the transaction of business, and the vote of a majority of the
directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of
the Board of Directors. A majority of the directors present, whether or not a
quorum is present, may adjourn any meeting to another place, date and time. 

Section 11. Conduct of Meetings. At each meeting of the
Board of Directors of the Corporation, the Chief Executive Officer or, in his or
her absence, a director chosen by a majority of the directors present shall act
as Chairman of the meeting. The Secretary or, in his or her absence, any person
appointed by the Chairman of the meeting shall act as Secretary of the meeting
and keep the minutes thereof. The order of business at all meetings of the Board
shall be as determined by the Chairman of the meeting. 

Section 12. Committees of the Board. The Board of
Directors, by resolution adopted by a majority of the entire Board of Directors,
may designate an executive committee and other committees, each consisting of
one (1) or more directors. Each committee (including the members thereof) shall
serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and shall keep minutes of its
meetings and report the same to the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors
may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee.
Alternate members may replace any absent or disqualified member or members at
any meeting of a committee. In addition, in the absence or disqualification of a
member of a committee, if no alternate member has been designated by the Board
of Directors, the members present at any meeting and not disqualified from
voting, whether or not they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another
member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of the
absent or disqualified member. 

Except as limited by the laws of the State of Colorado, each
committee, to the extent provided in the resolution establishing it, shall have
and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors with
respect to all matters. 

Section 13. Operation of Committees. A majority of all
the members of a committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of
business, and the vote of a majority of all the members of a committee present
at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the committee.
Each committee shall adopt whatever other rules of procedure it determines for
the conduct of its activities. 

Section 14. Consent to Action. Any action required or
permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any
committee may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of
Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by
electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmissions
are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or
committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in
paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in
electronic form. 

Section 15. Meetings Held Other Than in Person. Unless
otherwise restricted by the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, members
of the Board of Directors or any committee may participate in a meeting of the
Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, by means of conference
telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons
participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation shall
constitute presence in person at the meeting. 

Section 16. Compensation and
Expenses. Directors, as such, shall not receive any stated salary for their
services, but, by resolution of the Board, a fixed sum and expenses of
attendance, if any, may be allowed for the attendance at each regular or special
meeting of the Board; however nothing herein contained shall be construed to
preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and
receiving compensation therefore. The Corporation will cause each non-employee
director serving on the Board to be reimbursed for all reasonable out-of-pocket
costs and expenses incurred by him or her in connection with such service. 

Section 17. Regulations. To the extent consistent with
applicable law, the Articles of Incorporation and these Bylaws, the Board may
adopt such rules and regulations for the conduct of meetings of the Board and
for the management of the affairs and business of the Corporation as the Board
may deem appropriate. The Board may elect from among its members a chairperson
and one or more vice-chairpersons to preside over meetings and to perform such
other duties as may be designated by the Board. 

5

Section 18. Powers of the Board of Directors.

(a) General Powers. Except as may otherwise be provided
by law or by the Articles of Incorporation, the affairs and business of the
Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board and the
Board may exercise all the powers and authority of the Corporation. The
directors shall act only as a Board, and individual directors shall have no
power as such. 

(b) Specific Powers. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, the Board of Directors shall have the following specific powers
to the extent permitted by applicable law: 

a) to approve and implement mergers,
consolidations, or acquisitions of other entities or assets, provided that
such transactions do not constitute a sale of the Corporation or all, or
substantially all, of its assets; 

b) 

to determine the Corporation's investment policies and
approve investments, including the purchase of securities, real estate,
and other assets; 

c) 

to authorize the borrowing of money, issuance of bonds,
debentures, or other indebtedness, and to secure the same by mortgage,
pledge, or other lien on the Corporation's property; and to lend money
when appropriate to further the Corporation's interests; 

d) 

to establish compensation policies for officers, and
employees and to approve compensation arrangements, incentive plans, and
benefit programs; and 

e) 

to delegate any of the foregoing powers to committees,
officers, employees, or agents of the Corporation as the Board may deem
appropriate, to the extent permitted by law. 

(c) Related-Party Transactions. The Corporation shall
not enter into any transaction or arrangement with a director, officer,
stockholder, or any entity in which they have a material financial interest (a
"Related Party Transaction") unless such transaction is reviewed and approved by
the Board. The Board of Directors shall review any Related Party Transaction to
determine whether the terms are fair, reasonable, and in the best interests of
the Corporation. Such transactions shall require the approval of a majority of
the disinterested directors. If no disinterested directors exist, the
transaction shall be submitted for stockholder approval, which may be obtained
either at a stockholder meeting, or by written consent of the holders of at
least a majority (1/2) of the outstanding shares entitled to vote. If required
by law or regulation, the Corporation shall obtain an independent fairness
opinion or external legal/financial review before approving the transaction. Any
Related Party Transaction shall be disclosed to the Corporations stockholders
as required by applicable law, regulations, and reporting obligations, including
SEC and stock exchange requirements if applicable. Routine transactions in the
ordinary course of business and transactions that are immaterial in value may be
exempted from this approval process at the Board's discretion, provided such
exemptions comply with applicable law. 

Section 19. Reliance on Accounts and Reports, etc. A
director, as such or as a member of any committee designated by the Board, shall
in the performance of his or her duties be fully protected in relying in good
faith upon the records of the Corporation and upon information, opinions,
reports or statements presented to the Corporation by any of the Corporations
officers or employees, or committees designated by the Board, or by any other
person as to the matters the member reasonably believes are within such other
persons professional or expert competence and who has been selected with
reasonable care by or on behalf of the Corporation. 

ARTICLE V 

Officers

Section 1. Number, Election and Term of Office. The
officers of the Corporation shall be a Chief Executive Officer, and a Secretary,
and may at the discretion of the Board of Directors include a President, a
Treasurer, a Chief Financial Officer, Chairman of the Board and one or more Vice
Presidents, Director of Corporate Development, General Managers, Assistant
Treasurers and Assistant Secretaries. The officers of the Corporation shall be
elected annually by the Board of Directors at its meeting held immediately after
the Annual Meeting of the stockholders, and shall hold their respective offices
until their successors are duly elected and qualified. At least one officer
shall be an individual at least eighteen years of age. At least one officer
shall be a member of the Board. Any two (2) or more offices may be held by the
same person, but may not concurrently hold the offices of President and
Secretary. The Board of Directors may from time to time appoint such other
officers and agents as the interests of the Corporation may require and may fix
their duties and terms of office. Any officer may devote less than one hundred
percent (100%) of his or her working time to his or her activities as such. 

Section 2. The Chief Executive Officer. The Chief
Executive Officer, or CEO, shall be the chief executive and operating officer of
the Corporation, and shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and of
the Board of Directors. The CEO shall have general and active management of the business and affairs
of the Corporation, subject to the control of the Board, shall see that all
orders and resolutions of the Board are effectuated, and shall have such other
powers and duties as the Board assigns to him. He shall ensure that the books,
reports, statements, certificates and other records of the Corporation are kept,
made or filed in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado. He shall
cause to be called regular and special meetings of the stockholders and of the
Board of Directors in accordance with these Bylaws. He may sign, execute and
deliver in the name of the Corporation all deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts or
other instruments authorized by the Board of Directors, except in cases where
the signing, execution or delivery thereof shall be expressly delegated by the
Board of Directors or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the
Corporation or where required by law to be otherwise signed, executed or
delivered. He may sign, jointly with the Secretary, an Assistant Secretary, the
Treasurer, or an Assistant Treasurer, certificates of stock of the Corporation.
He shall appoint and remove, employ and discharge, and fix the compensation of
all servants, agents, employees and clerks of the Corporation other than the
duly elected or appointed officers, subject to the approval of the Board of
Directors. In addition to the powers and duties expressly conferred upon him by
these Bylaws, he shall, except as otherwise specifically provided by the laws of
the State of Colorado, have such other powers and duties as shall from time to
time be assigned to him by the Board of Directors. 

6

Section 3. The Vice President. There may be such Vice
Presidents as the Board of Directors shall determine from time to time, with
duties determined by the Board of Directors. If there is only one Vice President
appointed by the Board, he shall perform, in the absence or disability of the
President, the duties and exercise the powers of the President and shall have
such other powers and duties as the Board or the CEO assigns to him. 

Section 4. The Secretary. The Secretary may sign all
certificates of stock of the Corporation jointly with the CEO. He shall record
all the proceedings of the meetings of the stockholders and the Board of
Directors of the Corporation in the books to be kept for that purpose. He shall
have safe custody of the seal of the Corporation and, when authorized by the
Board, he shall affix the same to any corporate instrument, and when so affixed
he may attest the same by his signature. He shall keep the transfer books, in
which all transfers of the capital stock of the Corporation shall be registered,
and the stock books, which shall contain the names and addresses of all holders
of the capital stock of the Corporation and the number of shares held by each.
He shall keep the stock and transfer books available during business hours for
inspection by any stockholder and for the transfer of stock. He shall notify the
directors and stockholders of the respective meetings as required by law or by
these Bylaws of the Corporation. He shall have and perform such other powers and
duties as may be required by law or the Bylaws of the Corporation, or which the
Board or the CEO may assign to him from time to time. 

Section 5. Assistant Secretaries. The Assistant
Secretaries shall, during the absence or incapacity of the Secretary, assume and
perform all functions and duties which the Secretary might lawfully do if
present and not under any incapacity. 

Section 6. The Chief Financial Officer. Subject to the
control of the Board, the Chief Financial Officer, or CFO, shall have the care
and custody of the corporate funds and the books relating thereto. He shall
perform all other duties incident to the office of CFO. He shall have such other
powers and duties as the Board assigns to him from time to time. He shall keep
full and accurate accounts of all receipts and disbursements of the Corporation
in books belonging to the Corporation and shall deposit all monies and other
valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such
depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors. He shall disburse
the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board, and shall render to
the directors, whenever they may require it, an account of all his transactions
as CFO and an account of the business and financial position of the Corporation.

Section 7. Transfer of Duties. The Board of Directors
may transfer the power and duties, in whole or in part, of any officer to any
other officer, or other persons, notwithstanding the provisions of these Bylaws,
except as otherwise provided by the laws of the State of Colorado. 

Section 8. Removals. Subject to his or her earlier
death, resignation or removal as hereinafter provided, each officer shall hold
his or her office until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and
shall have qualified. Any officer or agent of the Corporation may be removed
from office at any time, with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a
majority of the entire Board, at a meeting of the Board of Directors called for
that purpose. 

Section 9. Resignations. Any officer or agent of the
Corporation may resign at any time by giving written notice of his or her
resignation to the Board of Directors or to the CEO or Secretary of the
Corporation. Any such resignation shall take effect at the time specified
therein or, if the time when it shall become effective shall not be specified
therein, immediately upon its receipt, and, unless otherwise specified therein,
the acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

7

Section 10. Vacancies. If the office of CEO, or
Secretary becomes vacant for any reason, the Board of Directors shall choose a
successor to hold such office for the unexpired term. If any other officer or
agent becomes vacant for any reason, the Board of Directors may fill the
vacancy, and each officer so elected shall serve for the remainder of his or her
predecessors term. 

Section 11. Compensation of Officers. The officers shall
receive such salary or compensation as may be determined by the Board of
Directors. 

ARTICLE V 

Contracts, Checks and Notes

Section I. Contracts. Unless the Board of Directors
shall otherwise specifically direct, all contracts of the Corporation shall be
executed in the name of the Corporation by the CEO of the Corporation. 

Section 2. Checks and Notes. All negotiable instruments
of the Corporation shall be signed by such officers or agents of the Corporation
as may be designated by the Board of Directors. 

ARTICLE VI 

Provisions Relating to Stock Certificates and
Stockholders

Section 1. Certificates of Stock. Certificates for the
Corporations capital stock shall be in such form as required by law and as
approved by the Board. Each certificate shall be signed in the name of the
Corporation by the CEO, President or any Vice President, as applicable, and by
the Secretary, and shall bear the seal of the Corporation or a facsimile
thereof. If any certificate is countersigned by a transfer agent or registered
by a registrar, other than the Corporation or its employees, the signature of
any officer of the Corporation may be a facsimile signature. In case any
officer, transfer agent or registrar who shall have signed or whose facsimile
signature was placed on any certificate shall have ceased to be such officer,
transfer agent or registrar before the certificate shall be issued, it may
nevertheless be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he or she
were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.

Section 2. Lost Certificates. The Corporation may issue
a new certificate for shares in place of any certificate theretofore issued by
it, alleged to have been lost, mutilated, stolen or destroyed, and the Board may
require the owner of the lost, mutilated, stolen or destroyed certificate, or
his legal representatives, to make an affidavit of that fact and to give the
Corporation a bond in such sum as it may direct as indemnity against any claim
that may be made against the Corporation on account of the alleged loss,
mutilation, theft or destruction of the certificate or the issuance of a new
certificate. 

Section 3. Transfer of Stock. Upon surrender to the
Corporation or the transfer agent of the Corporation of a certificate for shares
duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignment or
authority to transfer, the Corporation shall issue a new certificate to the
person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate and record the transaction
upon its books. Except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws or by the
applicable law, the person in whose name shares of stock stand on the books of
the Corporation shall be deemed by the Corporation to be the owner of such
shares of stock for all purposes. The Board of Directors from time to time may
make such additional rules and regulations, consistent with these Bylaws and the
applicable law, as it may deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer, and
registration of the shares of common stock of the Corporation. The Board of
Directors from time to time may appoint one or more transfer agents and one or
more registrars for any class of stock of the Corporation. 

Section 4. Record Date. For the purpose of determining
the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders
or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to or dissent from any
proposal without a meeting, or for the purpose of determining stockholders
entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or the
allotment of any rights, or for the purpose of any other action, the Board may
fix in advance, a record date, which shall be not more than sixty (60) nor less
than ten (10) days before the date of any such meeting, nor more than sixty (60)
days prior to any other action. 

If stockholder action is to be taken by written consent without
a meeting, the Board of Directors may fix a record date for determining
stockholders entitled to give such consent, which shall not precede the date
upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted and shall not be
more than ten (10) days after the date upon which the resolution is adopted. If
the Board does not fix a record date for written consent, the record date shall
be the date on which the first written consent is delivered to the Corporation.

8

Section 5. Registered Stockholders. The Corporation
shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share or shares of stock
as the holder in fact thereof and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize
any equitable or other claim to, or interest in, such share or shares by any
other person, whether or not it shall have notice thereof, except as expressly
provided by the laws of the State of Colorado. 

ARTICLE VII 

Indemnification

Section 1. Indemnification. 

(a) In General. The Corporation shall indemnify any
person who was, or is threatened to be made, a party to a proceeding (as
hereinafter defined) by reason of the fact that he or she (i) is or was a
director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or (ii) while a
director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, is or was serving at
the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, agent or
similar functionary of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or
other enterprise, to the fullest extent permitted under the Revised Statutes of
the State of Colorado, as they exist or may hereafter be amended. Such right
shall be a contract right and as such shall run to the benefit of any director
or officer who is elected and accepts the position of director or officer of the
Corporation or elects to continue to serve as a director or officer of the
Corporation while this Article VII is in effect. The rights conferred above
shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter
acquire under any statute, Bylaws, resolution of stockholders or directors,
agreement or otherwise. As used herein, the term proceeding means any
threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative, any appeal in such an action, suit or
proceeding and any inquiry or investigation that could lead to such an action,
suit or proceeding. 

A director or officer of the Corporation shall not be
personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages
for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, except for liability (i)
for acts or omissions which involve intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing
violation of law; or (ii) for the payment of distributions in violation of the
Revised Statutes of the State of Colorado. Any repeal or amendment of this
Article VII by the stockholders of the Corporation shall be prospective only,
and shall not adversely affect any limitation on the personal liability of a
director or officer of the Corporation arising from an act or omission occurring
prior to the time of such repeal or amendment. In addition to the circumstances
in which a director or officer of the Corporation is not personally liable as
set forth in the foregoing provisions of this Article VII, a director or officer
shall not be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders to such further
extent as permitted by any law hereafter enacted, including, without limitation,
any subsequent amendment to the Revised Statutes of the State of Colorado. 

(b) Indemnification in Respect of Successful Defense. To
the extent that a present or former director or officer of the Corporation has
been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any proceeding referred
to in this Section 1 or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such
person shall be indemnified by the Corporation against expenses (including
attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection
therewith. 

(c) Indemnification in Respect of Proceedings Instituted by
Indemnitee. This Article VII does not require the Corporation to indemnify a
present or former Director or officer of the Corporation in respect of a
proceeding (or part thereof) instituted by such person on his or her own behalf,
unless such proceeding (or part thereof) has been authorized by the Board. 

Section 2. Advance of Expenses. The Corporation shall
advance all expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred by a
present or former director or officer in defending any proceeding prior to the
final disposition of such proceeding upon written request of such person and
delivery of an undertaking by such person to repay such amount if it shall
ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by
the Corporation. The Corporation may authorize any counsel for the Corporation
to represent (subject to applicable conflict of interest considerations) such
present or former director or officer in any proceeding, whether or not the
Corporation is a party to such proceeding. 

Section 3. Procedure for Indemnification. Any
indemnification under this Article VII of these Bylaws or any advance of
expenses under Section 2 of Article VII of these Bylaws shall be made only
against a written request therefor (together with supporting documentation)
submitted by or on behalf of the person seeking indemnification or advance.
Indemnification may be sought by a person under Section 1 under this Article VII
of these Bylaws in respect of a proceeding only to the extent that both the liabilities for which indemnification is sought and
all portions of the proceeding relevant to the determination of whether the
person has satisfied any appropriate standard of conduct have become final. 

9

Section 4. Burden of Proof. 

(a) In any proceeding brought to enforce the right of a person
to receive indemnification to which such person is entitled under Section 1 of
this Article VII of these Bylaws, the Corporation has the burden of
demonstrating that the applicable standard of conduct was not met. A prior
determination by the Corporation (including its Board or any committee thereof,
its independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the claimant has not
met such applicable standard of conduct does not itself constitute evidence that
the claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 

(b) In any proceeding brought to enforce a claim for advances
to which a person is entitled under Section 2 of this Article VII of these
Bylaws, the person seeking an advance need only show that he or she has
satisfied the requirements expressly set forth in Section 2 of of this Article
VII of these Bylaws. 

Section 5. Insurance. The Corporation may purchase and
maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was or has agreed to become
a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of
the Corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against
such person and incurred by such person or on such persons behalf in any such
capacity, or arising out of such persons status as such, whether or not the
Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability
under the provisions of this Article VII. 

Section 6. Employees and Agents. The Board, or any
officer authorized by the Board to make indemnification decisions, may cause the
Corporation to indemnify any present or former employee or agent of the
Corporation in such manner and for such liabilities as the Board may determine,
up to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. 

ARTICLE VIII 

General
Provisions

Section 1. Dividends. To the extent permitted by law,
the Board shall have full power and discretion, subject to the provisions of the
Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation and the terms of any other
corporate document or instrument binding upon the Corporation, to determine
what, if any, dividends or distributions shall be declared and paid or made.
Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of capital stock,
subject to the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation. Before payment of
any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation
available for dividends such sums as the directors think proper as a reserve or
reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or
maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for such other purpose as the
directors think conducive to the interests of the Corporation. The directors may
modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created. 

Section 2. Seal. The corporate seal of the Corporation
shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation, the year of its
organization and the words Corporate Seal, Colorado. Section 3. Fiscal
Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall commence on the first day of
July of each year (except for the Corporations first fiscal year which shall
commence on the date of incorporation) and shall terminate in each case on June
30. 

Section 4. Voting Shares in Other Corporations. Unless
otherwise directed by the Board, shares in other corporations which are held by
the Corporation shall be represented and voted only by the CEO or by a proxy or
proxies appointed by him or her. Section 5. //Reserves. There may be set
apart out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or
sums as the Board from time to time may determine proper as a reserve or
reserves for meeting contingencies, equalizing dividends, repairing or
maintaining any property of the Corporation or for such other purpose or
purposes as the Board may determine conducive to the interest of the
Corporation, and the Board may similarly modify or abolish any such reserve.

Section 6. Electronic Transmission. Electronic
transmission, as used in these Bylaws, means any form of communication, not
directly involving the physical transmission of paper, that creates a record
that may be retained, retrieved and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that
may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an
automated process. 

10

ARTICLE IX 

Amendments

These Bylaws may be adopted, altered, amended or repealed or
new Bylaws may be adopted by the stockholders, or by the Board of Directors, as
permitted by the Articles or Incorporation. Such action may be taken at any
regular meeting of the stockholders or of the Board of Directors or at any
Special Meeting of the stockholders or of the Board of Directors if notice of
such alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption of new Bylaws be contained in the
notice of such Special Meeting. If the power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws is
conferred upon the Board of Directors by the Articles of Incorporation it shall
not divest or limit the power of the stockholders to adopt, amend or repeal
Bylaws. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment, alteration or
repeal of Article VIII shall adversely affect any right or protection existing
under bylaws immediately prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal,
including any right or protection of a Director thereunder in respect of any act
or omission occurring prior to the time of such amendment. 

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 31, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 31, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 000-56423

Entity Registrant Name CARRIAGE HOUSE EVENT CENTER, INC

Entity Central Index Key 0001798458

Entity Tax Identification Number 82-4268982

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code CO

Entity Address, Address Line One Tianan Science Park,

Entity Address, Address Line Two Tower
23, 20th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town Panyu District, Guangzhou, PRC

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 510006

City Area Code +86

Local Phone Number 15016720830

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://carriagehouseevent.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

chec-20250331.xsd 
chec-20250331_lab.xml 
chec-20250331_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001826466-25-000034-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001798458 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001798458 
true 
8-K 
2025-03-31 
CARRIAGE HOUSE EVENT CENTER, INC 
CO 
000-56423 
82-4268982 
Tianan Science Park, 
Tower 23, 20th Floor 
Panyu District, Guangzhou, PRC 
510006 
+86 
15016720830 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>