<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-030938.txt : 20250402
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-030938.hdr.sgml : 20250402
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250402090225
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-030938
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250402
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250402
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250402

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Desktop Metal, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001754820
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SPECIAL INDUSTRY MACHINERY, NEC [3559]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				832044042
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38835
		FILM NUMBER:		25802336

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		63 3RD AVENUE
		CITY:			BURLINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01803
		BUSINESS PHONE:		978-224-1244

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		63 3RD AVENUE
		CITY:			BURLINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01803

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Trine Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181001
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2511129d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000175482000017548202025-04-022025-04-02iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 2, 2025

Desktop Metal, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in
Its Charter)

Delaware 001-38835 83-2044042

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification No.)

63 3rd
Avenue

Burlington,
MA01803

(Address of principal
executive offices) (Zip Code)

(978)
224-1244

(Registrants telephone number, include
area code)

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed
Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions A.2
below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:

Title of each class Trading 

Symbol(s) Name of each exchange 

on which registered

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share DM The New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introduction

On April 2, 2025 (the Closing Date), Desktop Metal, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), completed the previously announced transaction with Nano Dimension Ltd., an Israeli
company (Nano), pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 2, 2024 (the Merger Agreement),
by and among the Company, Nano and Nano US I, Inc., a Delaware corporation and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Nano (Merger
Sub). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), Merger Sub merged
with and into the Company (the Merger), with the Company surviving the Merger as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of
Nano.

Item 1.01 Material Definitive Agreement. 

Supplemental Indenture for Convertible Notes

In connection with the closing of the Merger, the Company and U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), entered into the First Supplemental Indenture, dated
as of April 2, 2025 (the Supplemental Indenture) which supplements the Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2022, by and between
the Company and the Trustee (the Convertible Notes Indenture and, together with the First Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture),
relating to the Companys 6.0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the Convertible Notes).

As a result of the Merger, and pursuant to the Indenture, from and
after the Effective Time, the Convertible Notes are no longer convertible into shares of Class A Common Stock. Rather, the right to convert
each $1,000 in principal amount of the Convertible Notes was changed into a right to convert such principal amount of Convertible Notes
into an amount in cash equal to the product of (i) the then in effect Conversion Rate (as defined in the Indenture) of 60.1504 and (ii)
$5.295 (i.e., the Per Share Merger Consideration (as defined below)) which is approximately $318.50 per $1,000 principal amount of Convertible
Notes.

The consummation of the Merger constitutes a Fundamental Change (as
defined in the Indenture) under the Indenture. The effective date of the Fundamental Change in respect of the Convertible Notes is April
2, 2025 (the Notes Effective Date), the date of the consummation of the Merger.

As a result of the Fundamental Change, each holder of Convertible Notes
will have the right to require the Company to repurchase its Convertible Notes, pursuant to the terms and procedures set forth in the
Indenture, for a cash purchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest
to, but excluding, the date of repurchase.

The foregoing description of the Indenture does not purport to be complete
and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety, by the full text of the Convertible Notes Indenture, which was included as Exhibit 4.1
to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on May 13,
2022, and the full text of the Supplemental Indenture, which is included as Exhibit 10.1 hereto, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. 

Merger Consideration

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, each of the
Companys outstanding shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Common Stock) (other
than (i) shares held by the Company as treasury stock or held by Nano or Merger Sub or any wholly-owned subsidiary of Nano or Merger Sub
and (ii) shares of Class A Common Stock held by stockholders who are entitled to and have properly demanded appraisal for such shares
in accordance with, and who have complied in all respects with, Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law), were converted into
the right to receive an amount in cash equal to $5.295 (the Per Share Merger Consideration).

1 

In addition, at the Effective Time:

Each option to purchase Class A Common Stock (each, a Company Stock Option) that was outstanding, vested and unexercised
immediately prior to the Effective Time was cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the Per Share
Merger Consideration in respect of the quotient obtained by dividing (a) the product of (i) the excess, if any, of the Per Share Merger
Consideration over the per share exercise price of such Company Stock Option, multiplied by (ii) the number of shares of Class A Common
Stock subject to the vested portion of such Company Stock Option immediately prior to the Effective Time, by (b) the Per Share Merger
Consideration, without interest and less applicable tax withholdings.

Each restricted stock unit award of Desktop Metal (a Company RSU Award) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time that was unvested was cancelled and replaced with a restricted stock unit award of Nano (a Replacement RSU Award),
on similar terms and conditions as were applicable to the Company RSU Award under the applicable incentive award plan prior to the Effective
Time, except the Replacement RSU Award shall vest pro-rata over the three (3) years following the Closing Date (provided that certain
holders of Company RSU Awards will remain eligible for double-trigger accelerated vesting under the Desktop Metal, Inc. Severance Plan).
The number of Nano Ordinary Shares, par value NIS 5.00 per share (the Nano Ordinary Shares) underlying the Replacement RSU
Award will be determined by multiplying the number of shares of Class A Common Stock covered by the Company RSU Award immediately prior
to the Effective Time by the quotient obtained by dividing (a) the Per Share Merger Consideration by (b) the volume weighted average price
of an American depositary share of Nano (representing a beneficial interest in one (1) Nano Ordinary Share) for the ten (10) consecutive
trading days ending on (and including) the trading day that was immediately preceding the day that was three (3) days prior to the Closing
Date, rounding down to the nearest whole number of shares; provided, however, that in no event shall the number of Nano Ordinary Shares
underlying such Replacement RSU Awards exceed the Maximum ADS Amount (as defined in the Merger Agreement).

Each performance-based restricted stock unit award of the Company (each, a Company PSU Award) outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time that remained unvested was cancelled in full for no consideration.

Each Company Option, Company RSU Award and Company PSU Award will no
longer have any force and effect on or after the Effective Time.

Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued
Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

The information contained in Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form
8-K (this Report) is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.01.

In connection with the consummation of the Merger, on the Closing Date,
the Company notified the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) that the Merger had been consummated and that each issued and
outstanding share of Class A Common Stock had been converted into the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration, without interest.
The Company requested that the NYSE (i) halt trading of the Class A Common Stock on the NYSE prior to the open of trading on the Closing
Date, (ii) withdraw the Class A Common Stock from listing on the NYSE and (iii) file with the SEC a Notification of Removal from Listing
and/or Registration under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), on Form 25
to report that the Class A Common Stock is no longer listed on the NYSE and to apply for the deregistration of the Class A Common Stock
under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act. As a result, the Class A Common Stock, which previously traded under the symbol DM,
will no longer be listed on the NYSE.

In addition, the Company intends to file a certification on Form 15
with the SEC suspending the Companys reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act with respect to the
Class A Common Stock.

2 

Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The information contained in Item 2.01, Item 3.01 and Item 5.03 of
this Report is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03.

As a result of the consummation of the Merger, at the Effective Time,
holders of the Class A Common Stock immediately prior to such time ceased to have any rights as stockholders of the Company, other than
their right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement.

Item 5.01 Changes in Control of Registrant.

The information contained in Item 2.01, Item 3.01 and Item 5.02 of
this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01.

As a result of the consummation of the Merger, at the Effective Time,
a change in control of the Company occurred and the Company became an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Nano.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of
Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

The information contained in Item 2.01 of this Report is incorporated
by reference into this Item 5.02.

As a result of the Merger and pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each
of Ric Fulop, Scott Dussault, James Eisenstein, Dayna Grayson, Wen Hsieh, Jeff Immelt, Stephen Nigro, Steve Papa, Bilal Zuberi resigned
and ceased to be directors of the Company and members of any committee or subcommittee of the Companys Board of Directors as of
the Effective Time.

Julien Lederman and Ofir Baharav, who constituted the directors of
Merger Sub as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, became the directors of the Company.

As of the Effective Time, in accordance with the Merger Agreement,
the executive officers of the Company immediately prior to the Merger remained in their respective positions as the executive officers
of the Company.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change
in Fiscal Year.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, effective as of the Effective Time,
the certificate of incorporation and the bylaws of the Company were amended and restated in their entirety. A copy of the Third Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Second Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company are filed as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively,
to this Report and are incorporated herein by reference.

This Report does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any security. No offer, solicitation, or sale
will be made in any jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

ExhibitNo. Description

2.1* Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 2, 2024, by and among Nano Dimension, the Company and Merger Sub (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 2, 2024)

3.1 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation

3.2 Second Amended and Restated By-laws

10.1 First Supplemental Indenture, dated April 2, 2025, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document)

* Certain exhibits and schedules to this Agreement and Plan of Merger have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes to provide to the Securities and Exchange Commission copies of such documents upon request; provided, however, that the Company reserves the right to request confidential treatment for portions of any such documents.

3 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Desktop Metal, Inc.

Date: April 2, 2025 By: /s/ Larry OConnell

Name: Larry OConnell

Title: General Counsel and Corporate Secretary

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2511129d1_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

DESKTOP METAL, INC.

ARTICLE I

NAME

The name of the corporation
is Desktop Metal, Inc. (the Corporation).

ARTICLE II

Registered Office; Registered Agent

The address of the Corporations
initial registered office in the State of Delaware is 108 W. 13th Street, Suite 100, Wilmington, Delaware 19801 New Castle County. The
name of the Corporations initial registered agent at such address is Vcorp Services, LLC.

ARTICLE III

Purpose

The purpose of the Corporation
is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
(the DGCL).

ARTICLE IV

Capital Stock

The total number of shares
of stock that the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 5,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share.

ARTICLE V

Directors

The Board of Directors of
the Corporation shall consist of at least one director, with the exact number to be fixed from time to time in the manner provided in
the Corporations Bylaws, who shall serve until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified.

ARTICLE VI

exculpation

To the fullest extent permitted
by law, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach
of fiduciary duty as a director. If the DGCL or any other law of the State of Delaware is amended after approval by the stockholders
of this Article VI to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the
liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law
as so amended.

Any repeal or modification
of the foregoing provisions of this Article VI by the stockholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right of protection
of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of, or increase the liability of any director of the Corporation with respect to
any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to, such repeal or modification.

ARTICLE
VII

INDEMNIFICATION

The
Corporation shall have the power to provide rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses to its current and former officers,
directors, employees and agents and to any person who is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee
or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise.

ARTICLE VIII

bylaws

The directors of the Corporation
shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the Corporations Bylaws.

ARTICLE IX

AMENDMENT

The Corporation reserves the
right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation in the manner
now or hereafter prescribed by law, and all rights and power conferred herein on stockholders, directors and officers are subject to this
reserved power.

ARTICLE X

FORUM SELECTION

Unless the Corporation consents
in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery (the Chancery Court) of the State of Delaware
(or, in the event that the Chancery Court does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware or other
state courts of the State of Delaware) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative
action, suit or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a
fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or stockholder of the Corporation to the Corporation or to the Corporations stockholders,
(iii) any action, suit or proceeding arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or the bylaws of the Corporation or this Second Amended
and Restated Certificate (as either may be amended from time to time) or (iv) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim against
the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine.

Unless the Corporation consents
in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under
the Securities Act of 1933. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Article X shall not apply to suits brought to
enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any other claim for which the federal courts
of the United States have exclusive jurisdiction.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2511129d1_ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

Second amended
and restated

BY-LAWS OF

DESKTOP METAL, INC.

Article
I

OFFICES

SECTION 1.01. Registered
Office. The registered office of Desktop Metal, Inc. (the Corporation) in the State of Delaware shall be at 108
W. 13th Street, Suite 100, Wilmington, Delaware 19801 New Castle County, and the name of the Corporations registered agent at such
address is Vcorp Services, LLC.

SECTION 1.02. Other Offices.
The Corporation may also have an office or offices at any other place or places within or without the State of Delaware as the sole director
of the Corporation or the Board of Directors of the Corporation (in each case, the Board) may from time to time determine
or the business of the Corporation may from time to time require.

Article
II

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

SECTION 2.01. Annual Meetings.
The annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation for the election of directors of the Corporation, and for the transaction of such
other business as may properly come before such meeting, shall be held at such place, date and time as shall be fixed by the Board and
designated in the notice or waiver of notice of such annual meeting; provided, however, that no annual meeting of stockholders
need be held if all actions, including the election of directors, required by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the
General Corporation Law) to be taken at such annual meeting are taken by written consent in lieu of meeting pursuant
to Section 2.09 hereof.

SECTION 2.02. Special Meetings.
Special meetings of stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called by the Board or the Chairman of the Board of the Corporation
(the Chairman), the President or the Secretary of the Corporation (Secretary) or by the recordholders
of at least a majority of the shares of common stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, to be held
at such place, date and time as shall be designated in the notice or waiver of notice thereof. Business transacted at any special meeting
shall be limited to matters relating to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice of meeting.

SECTION 2.03. Notice of Meetings.

(a) Except as otherwise
provided by law, written notice of each annual or special meeting of stockholders stating the place, date and time of such meeting
and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which such meeting is to be held, shall be given personally or by
first-class mail (airmail in the case of international communications) to each recordholder of shares entitled to vote thereat,
not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of such meeting. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be
given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholders address as
it appears on the records of the Corporation. If, prior to the time of mailing, the Secretary shall have received from any
stockholder a written request that notices intended for such stockholder are to be mailed to some address other than the address
that appears on the records of the Corporation, notices intended for such stockholder shall be mailed to the address designated in
such request.

(b) Notice
of a special meeting of stockholders may be given by the person or persons calling the meeting, or, upon the written request of such person
or persons, such notice shall be given by the Secretary on behalf of such person or persons. If the person or persons calling a special
meeting of stockholders give notice thereof, such person or persons shall deliver a copy of such notice to the Secretary. Each request
to the Secretary for the giving of notice of a special meeting of stockholders shall state the purpose or purposes of such meeting.

SECTION 2.04. Waiver of Notice.
Notice of any annual or special meeting of stockholders need not be given to any stockholder who files a written waiver of notice with
the Secretary, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after such meeting. Neither the business to be transacted at,
nor the purpose of, any meeting of stockholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice thereof. Attendance of a stockholder
at a meeting, in person or by proxy, shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when such stockholder attends a meeting
for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business on the grounds that the notice
of such meeting was inadequate or improperly given.

SECTION 2.05. Adjournments.
Whenever a meeting of stockholders, annual or special, is adjourned to another date, time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned
meeting if the date, time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. If the adjournment is for
more than thirty (30) days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned
meeting shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote thereat. At the adjourned meeting, any business may be transacted which might
have been transacted at the original meeting.

SECTION 2.06. Quorum.
Except as otherwise provided by law or the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (the Certificate of Incorporation),
the recordholders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote thereat, present in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the
transaction of business at all meetings of stockholders, whether annual or special. If, however, such quorum shall not be present in person
or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders, the stockholders entitled to vote thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time in accordance
with Section 2.05 hereof until a quorum shall be present in person or by proxy.

SECTION 2.07. Voting.
Each stockholder entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall be entitled to one vote for each share of stock held by such stockholder
which has voting power upon the matter in question. Except as otherwise provided by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, when a quorum
is present at any meeting of stockholders, the vote of the recordholders of a majority of the shares constituting such quorum shall decide
any question brought before such meeting.

SECTION 2.08. Proxies.
Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express, in writing, consent to or dissent from any action of
stockholders without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy. Such proxy shall be
filed with the Secretary before such meeting of stockholders or such action of stockholders without a meeting, at such time as the
Board may require. No proxy shall be voted or acted upon more than three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer
period.

2

SECTION 2.09. Stockholders
Consent in Lieu of Meeting. Any action required by the General Corporation Law to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders,
and any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice
and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the recordholders of shares having
not less than the minimum number of votes necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which the recordholders of all shares
entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.

Article
III

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

SECTION 3.01. General Powers.
The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by the Board, which may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do
all such lawful acts and things as are not by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws directed or required to be exercised
or done by stockholders.

SECTION 3.02. Number and
Term of Office. The number of directors shall be one (1) or such other number as shall be fixed from time to time by the Board. Directors
need not be stockholders. Directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of stockholders or, if, in accordance with Section 2.01
hereof, no such annual meeting is held, by written consent in lieu of meeting pursuant to Section 2.09 hereof, and each director
shall hold office until his successor is elected and qualified, or until his earlier death or resignation or removal in the manner hereinafter
provided.

SECTION 3.03. Resignation.
Any director may resign at any time by delivering his written resignation to the Corporation. Such resignation shall take effect at the
time specified in such notice or, if the time be not specified, upon receipt thereof by the Board, the Chairman or the Secretary, as the
case may be. Unless otherwise specified therein, acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

SECTION 3.04. Removal.
Any or all of the directors may be removed, with or without cause, at any time by vote of the recordholders of a majority of the shares
then entitled to vote at an election of directors, or by written consent of the recordholders of shares pursuant to Section 2.09
hereof.

SECTION 3.05. Vacancies.
Any vacancy in the Board, whether arising from death, resignation, removal (with or without cause), an increase in the number of directors
or any other cause, may be filled by the vote of a majority of the directors then in office, though less than a quorum, or by the sole
remaining director or by the stockholders at the next annual meeting thereof or at a special meeting thereof. Each director so elected
shall hold office until his successor shall have been elected and qualified.

3

SECTION 3.06. Meetings.

(a) Annual Meetings.
As soon as practicable after each annual election of directors by the stockholders, the Board shall meet for the purpose of organization
and the transaction of other business, unless it shall have transacted all such business by written consent pursuant to Section 3.08
hereof.

(b) Other
Meetings. Other meetings of the Board shall be held at such times as the Chairman, the President of the Corporation (the President),
the Secretary or a majority of the Board shall from time to time determine.

(c) Notice
of Meetings. The Secretary shall give written notice to each director of each meeting of the Board, which notice shall state the place,
date, time and purpose of such meeting. Notice of each such meeting shall be given to each director, if by mail, addressed to him at his
residence or usual place of business, at least three days before the day on which such meeting is to be held, or shall be sent to him
at such place by telecopy, telegraph, cable, or other form of recorded communication, or be delivered personally or by telephone not later
than the day before the day on which such meeting is to be held. A written waiver of notice, signed by the director entitled to notice,
whether before or after the time of the meeting referred to in such waiver, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Neither the business
to be transacted at, nor the purpose of any meeting of the Board need be specified in any written waiver of notice thereof. Attendance
of a director at a meeting of the Board shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except as provided by law.

(d) Place
of Meetings. The Board may hold its meetings at such place or places within or without the State of Delaware as the Board or the Chairman
may from time to time determine, or as shall be designated in the respective notices or waivers of notice of such meetings.

(e) Quorum
and Manner of Acting. One-third of the total number of directors then in office shall be present in person at any meeting of the
Board in order to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at such meeting, and the vote of a majority of those directors present
at any such meeting at which a quorum is present shall be necessary for the passage of any resolution or act of the Board, except as otherwise
expressly required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws. In the absence of a quorum for any such meeting, a majority
of the directors present thereat may adjourn such meeting from time to time until a quorum shall be present.

(f) Organization.
At each meeting of the Board, one of the following shall act as chairman of the meeting and preside, in the following order of precedence:

1) the Chairman;

2) the President;

3) any director chosen by a majority of the directors present.

The Secretary or, in the case of his absence,
any person whom the chairman of the meeting shall appoint shall act as secretary of such meeting and keep the minutes thereof.

4

SECTION 3.07. Committees
of the Board. The Board may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board, designate one (1) or more committees, each committee
to consist of one (1) or more directors. The Board may designate one (1) or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who
may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of such committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee,
the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum,
may unanimously appoint another director to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any committee of
the Board, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board designating such committee, shall have and may exercise all the powers
and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation
to be affixed to all papers which may require it; provided, however, that no such committee shall have such power or authority
in reference to amending the Certificate of Incorporation (except that such a committee may, to the extent authorized in the resolution
or resolutions providing for the issuance of shares of stock adopted by the Board as provided in Section 151(a) of the General Corporation
Law, fix the designations and any of the preferences or rights of such shares relating to dividends, redemption, dissolution, any distribution
of assets of the Corporation or the conversion into, or the exchange of such shares for, shares of any other class or classes of stock
of the Corporation or fix the number of shares of any series of stock or authorize the increase or decrease of the shares of any series),
adopting an agreement of merger or consolidation under Section 251 or 252 of the General Corporation Law, recommending to the stockholders
the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all the Corporations property and assets, recommending to the stockholders
a dissolution of the Corporation or the revocation of a dissolution, or amending these By-laws; provided further, however,
that, unless expressly so provided in the resolution of the Board designating such committee, no such committee shall have the power or
authority to declare a dividend, to authorize the issuance of stock, or to adopt a certificate of ownership and merger pursuant to Section
253 of the General Corporation Law. Each committee of the Board shall keep regular minutes of its proceedings and report the same to the
Board when so requested by the Board.

SECTION 3.08. Directors
Consent in Lieu of Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board or of any committee thereof may
be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing or by electronic transmission, setting forth
the action so taken, shall be signed by all the members of the Board or such committee and such consent or electronic transmission is
filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board or such committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained
in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.

SECTION 3.09. Action by Means
of Telephone or Similar Communications Equipment. Any one (1) or more members of the Board, or of any committee thereof, may participate
in a meeting of the Board or such committee by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all
persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting by such means shall constitute presence in person
at such meeting.

5

SECTION 3.10. Compensation.
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board may determine the compensation of directors. In addition, as
determined by the Board, directors may be reimbursed by the Corporation for their expenses, if any, in the performance of their duties
as directors. No such compensation or reimbursement shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and
receiving compensation therefor.

Article
IV

OFFICERS

SECTION 4.01. Officers.
The officers of the Corporation shall be the Chairman, the President, the Secretary and a Chief Financial Officer and may include one
or more Vice Presidents or such other officers as shall be determined by the Board with such power and authority as conferred by the Board.
Any two or more offices may be held by the same person.

SECTION 4.02. Authority and
Duties. All officers shall have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the Corporation as may be provided in
these By-laws or, to the extent not so provided, by resolution of the Board.

SECTION 4.03. Term of Office,
Resignation and Removal.

(a) Each officer shall be appointed
by the Board and shall hold office for such term as may be determined by the Board. Each officer shall hold office until his successor
has been appointed and qualified or his earlier death or resignation or removal in the manner hereinafter provided. The Board may require
any officer to give security for the faithful performance of his duties.

(b) Any
officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Corporation. Such resignation shall take effect at the time specified in
such notice or, if the time be not specified, upon receipt thereof by Corporation. Unless otherwise specified therein, acceptance of such
resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

(c) All
officers and agents appointed by the Board shall be subject to removal, with or without cause, at any time by the Board or by the action
of the recordholders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote thereon.

SECTION 4.04. Vacancies.
Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation, for any reason, shall be filled by action of the Board. Unless earlier removed
pursuant to Section 4.03 hereof, any officer appointed by the Board to fill any such vacancy shall serve only until such time as
the unexpired term of his predecessor expires unless reappointed by the Board.

SECTION 4.05. The Chairman.
The Chairman shall have the power to call special meetings of stockholders, to call special meetings of the Board and, if present, to
preside at all meetings of stockholders and all meetings of the Board. The Chairman shall perform all duties incident to the office of
Chairman of the Board and all such other duties as may from time to time be assigned to him by the Board or these By-laws.

6

SECTION 4.06. The President.
The President shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation and shall have general and active management and control of the
business and affairs of the Corporation, subject to the control of the Board, and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board
are carried into effect. The President shall perform all duties incident to the office of President and all such other duties as may from
time to time be assigned to him by the Board or these By-laws.

SECTION 4.07. Vice Presidents.
Vice Presidents, if any, in order of their seniority or in any other order determined by the Board, shall generally assist the President
and perform such other duties as the Board or the President shall prescribe, and in the absence or disability of the President, shall
perform the duties and exercise the powers of the President.

SECTION 4.08. The Secretary.
The Secretary shall, to the extent practicable, attend all meetings of the Board and all meetings of stockholders and shall record all
votes and the minutes of all proceedings in a book to be kept for that purpose, and shall perform the same duties for any committee of
the Board when so requested by such committee. He shall give or cause to be given notice of all meetings of stockholders and of the Board,
shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board, the Chairman or the President and shall act under the supervision of
the Chairman. He shall keep in safe custody the seal of the Corporation and affix the same to any instrument that requires that the seal
be affixed to it and which shall have been duly authorized for signature in the name of the Corporation and, when so affixed, the seal
shall be attested by his signature or by the signature of the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation (the Chief Financial
Officer). He shall keep in safe custody the certificate books and stockholder records and such other books and records of the
Corporation as the Board, the Chairman or the President may direct and shall perform all other duties incident to the office of Secretary
and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him by the Board, the Chairman or the President.

SECTION 4.10. The Chief Financial
Officer. The Chief Financial Officer shall have the care and custody of all the funds of the Corporation and shall deposit such funds
in such banks or other depositories as the Board, or any officer or officers, or any officer and agent jointly, duly authorized by the
Board, shall, from time to time, direct or approve. He shall disburse the funds of the Corporation under the direction of the Board and
the President. He shall keep a full and accurate account of all moneys received and paid on account of the Corporation and shall render
a statement of his accounts whenever the Board, the Chairman or the President shall so request. He shall perform all other necessary actions
and duties in connection with the administration of the financial affairs of the Corporation and shall generally perform all the duties
usually appertaining to the office of Chief Financial Officer of a corporation. When required by the Board, he shall give bonds for the
faithful discharge of his duties in such sums and with such sureties as the Board shall approve.

7

Article
V

CHECKS, DRAFTS, NOTES, AND PROXIES

SECTION 5.01. Checks,
Drafts and Notes. All checks, drafts and other orders for the payment of money, notes and other evidences of indebtedness issued
in the name of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers, agent or agents of the Corporation and in such manner as
shall be determined, from time to time, by resolution of the Board.

SECTION 5.02. Execution of
Proxies. The Chairman, the President or any Vice President may authorize, from time to time, the execution and issuance of proxies
to vote shares of stock or other securities of other corporations held of record by the Corporation and the execution of consents to action
taken or to be taken by any such corporation. All such proxies and consents, unless otherwise authorized by the Board, shall be signed
in the name of the Corporation by the Chairman, the President or any Vice President.

Article
VI

SHARES AND TRANSFERS OF SHARES

SECTION 6.01. Uncertificated
Shares. The Corporation shall issue shares in uncertificated form. The Corporation shall not issue stock certificates unless specifically
requested by a stockholder upon written request by such stockholder to the secretary of the Corporation. The Corporation shall provide
to the record holders of such shares a written statement of the information required by the General Corporation Law to be included on
stock certificates. In the event that the Corporation issues shares of stock represented by certificates pursuant to a stockholders request,
such certificates shall be in such form as prescribed by the Board or a duly authorized officer, shall contain the statements and information
required by the General Corporation Law and shall be signed by the officers of the Corporation in the manner permitted by the General
Corporation Law.

SECTION 6.02. Stock Ledger.
A stock ledger in one or more counterparts shall be kept by the Secretary, in which shall be recorded the name and address of each person,
firm or corporation owning the shares, the number of shares owned by each person, firm or corporation, the date of issuance thereof and,
the certificate number, in the event of certificated shares, and in the case of cancellation of a certificate, the date of cancellation.
Except as otherwise expressly required by law, the person in whose name shares stand on the stock ledger of the Corporation shall be deemed
the owner and recordholder thereof for all purposes.

SECTION 6.03. Transfers of
Shares. Registration of transfers of shares shall be made only in the stock ledger of the Corporation upon request of the registered
holder of such shares, or of his attorney thereunto authorized by power of attorney duly executed and filed with the Secretary, and, in
the event of certificated shares, upon the surrender of the certificate or certificates evidencing such shares properly endorsed or accompanied
by a stock power duly executed, together with such proof of the authenticity of signatures as the Corporation may reasonably require.

SECTION 6.04. Registered
Stockholders. Prior to due presentment for transfer of any share or shares, the Corporation shall treat the registered owner thereof
as the person exclusively entitled to vote, to receive notifications and to all other benefits of ownership with respect to such share
or shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any
other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of the State of Delaware.

8

SECTION 6.05. Addresses of
Stockholders. Each stockholder shall designate to the Secretary an address at which notices of meetings and all other corporate notices
may be served or mailed to such stockholder, and, if any stockholder shall fail to so designate such an address, corporate notices may
be served upon such stockholder by mail directed to the mailing address, if any, as the same appears in the stock ledger of the Corporation
or at the last known mailing address of such stockholder.

SECTION 6.06. Regulations.
The Board may make such other rules and regulations as it may deem expedient, not inconsistent with these By-laws, concerning the
issue, transfer and registration of certificates evidencing shares.

SECTION 6.07. Fixing Date
for Determination of Stockholders of Record. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or
to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to, or to dissent from, corporate action in writing
without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise
any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix,
in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting, nor more
than sixty (60) days prior to any other such action. A determination of the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting
of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of such meeting; provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record date
for the adjourned meeting.

Article
VII

SEAL

SECTION 7.01. Seal. The
Board may approve and adopt a corporate seal, which shall be in the form of a circle and shall bear the full name of the Corporation,
the year of its incorporation and the words Corporate Seal Delaware.

Article
VIII

FISCAL YEAR

SECTION 8.01. Fiscal Year.
The fiscal year of the Corporation shall end on the thirty-first day of December of each year unless changed by resolution of the
Board.

Article
IX

Indemnification OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AND OTHER AGENTS

SECTION 9.01. Indemnification
of Directors and Officers. The Corporation shall, to the maximum extent and in the manner permitted by the General Corporation
Law, indemnify each of its directors and officers against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines, settlements
and other amounts actually and reasonably incurred in connection with any proceeding, arising by reason of the fact that such person
is or was an agent of the corporation. For purposes of this Section 9.01, a director or officer
of the Corporation includes any person (a) who is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, (b) who is or was serving at the
request of the Corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise,
or (c) who was a director or officer of a corporation which was a predecessor corporation of the Corporation or of another
enterprise at the request of such predecessor corporation.

9

SECTION 9.02. Indemnification
of Others. The Corporation shall have the power, to the maximum extent and in the manner permitted by the General Corporation Law,
to indemnify each of its employees and agents (other than directors and officers) against expenses (including attorneys fees),
judgments, fines, settlements and other amounts actually and reasonably incurred in connection with any proceeding, arising by reason
of the fact that such person is or was an agent of the Corporation. For purposes of this Section 9.02, an employee
or agent of the Corporation (other than a director or officer) includes any person (a) who is or was an employee or agent
of the Corporation, (b) who is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as an employee or agent of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or (c) who was an employee or agent of a corporation which was a predecessor corporation of
the Corporation or of another enterprise at the request of such predecessor corporation.

SECTION 9.03. Payment of
Expenses in Advance. Expenses incurred in defending any action or proceeding for which indemnification is required pursuant to Section
9.01 or for which indemnification is permitted pursuant to Section 9.02 following authorization thereof by the Board shall
be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf
of the indemnified party to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further
right to appeal that the indemnified party is not entitled to be indemnified as authorized in this Article IX.

SECTION 9.04. Indemnity Not
Exclusive. The indemnification provided by this Article IX shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those
seeking indemnification may be entitled under any Bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both
as to action in an official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, to the extent that such additional
rights to indemnification are authorized in the Certificate of Incorporation.

SECTION 9.05. Insurance.
The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the
Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in
any such capacity, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him or
her against such liability under the provisions of the General Corporation Law.

SECTION 9.06. Conflicts.
No indemnification or advance shall be made under this Article IX, except where such indemnification or advance is mandated
by law or the order, judgment or decree of any court of competent jurisdiction, in any circumstance where it appears: (a) that it
would be inconsistent with a provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, these By-laws, a resolution of the stockholders or an
agreement in effect at the time of the accrual of the alleged cause of the action asserted in the proceeding in which the expenses
were incurred or other amounts were paid, which prohibits or otherwise limits indemnification; or (b) that it would be inconsistent
with any condition expressly imposed by a court in approving a settlement.

Article
X

AMENDMENTS

SECTION 10.01. Amendments.
Any By-law (including these By-laws) may be altered, amended or repealed by the vote of the recordholders of a majority of the
shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors or by written consent of stockholders pursuant to Section 2.09 hereof,
or by vote of the Board or by a written consent of directors pursuant to Section 3.08 hereof.

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm2511129d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE,
dated as of April 2, 2025 (this Supplemental Indenture), between Desktop Metal, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as
issuer (the Company), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee),
to the Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2022 (the Indenture), between such parties, governing the 6.0% Convertible
Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company and the
Trustee have heretofore executed and delivered the Indenture;

WHEREAS, the Company is a
party to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 2, 2024 (the Merger Agreement), by and among
Nano Dimension Ltd., an Israeli company (Parent), Nano US I Inc., a Delaware corporation (Merger Sub),
which is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, and the Company, pursuant to which, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions
contained in the Merger Agreement effective as of the date hereof, Merger Sub merged with and into the Company, with the Company surviving
the merger as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the Merger), and, in connection therewith, each share
of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), that is outstanding
immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (other than shares of Common Stock (i) that are held by the Company as treasury
stock or held by Parent or Merger Sub or any Company Subsidiary (as defined in the Merger Agreement), immediately prior to the effective
time of the Merger, which shares of Common Stock shall be canceled and extinguished without any conversion thereof or consideration paid
therefor (the Canceled Company Shares) or (ii) that are held by any person who is entitled to demand and who has
properly and validly demanded appraisal of such shares of Common Stock pursuant to, and who has complied in all respects with, Section
262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the Dissenting Company Shares)), shall, by virtue of the Merger, be
converted automatically into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to $5.295 per share (the Merger Consideration);

WHEREAS, the Merger Consideration
is to be paid to each holder of shares of Common Stock without interest thereon and subject to any applicable withholding taxes;

WHEREAS, the Merger has been
consummated and each share of Common Stock that was outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (other than the
Canceled Company Shares and the Dissenting Company Shares) was converted automatically into the right to receive the Merger Consideration,
in each case, on the date hereof (the Effective Date), in accordance with the Merger Agreement and substantially
concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture;

WHEREAS, the consummation
of the Merger as contemplated by the Merger Agreement constituted a Business Combination Event, a Common Stock Change Event, a Fundamental
Change and a Make-Whole Fundamental Change under the terms of the Indenture;

WHEREAS, as a result of
with the foregoing, Section 5.09(A)(iv)(3) of the Indenture provides that the Company shall execute and deliver a supplemental
indenture with the Trustee pursuant to Section 8.01(F) of the Indenture, without requiring the consent of the Holders of the Notes,
providing that, for all conversions that occur at or after the effective time of the Merger, the right to convert each $1,000
principal amount of Notes shall be changed into a right to convert such principal amount of Notes into the kind and amount of other
securities, cash or other property, or any combination of the foregoing, that a holder of a number of shares of Common Stock equal
to the Conversion Rate immediately prior to such Merger would have been entitled to receive upon such Merger;

WHEREAS, the Company has requested
that the Trustee join with it in the execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture and, in accordance with Sections 6.01(B), 8.06,
10.02(B), 11.02 and 11.03 of the Indenture, has delivered an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the Trustee, in
each case, responsive to and in compliance with the matters stated therein; and

WHEREAS, all requirements
necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture a valid, binding and enforceable instrument in accordance with its terms have been done
and performed, and the execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture has been duly authorized by the Company in all respects.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises hereof, the parties have executed and delivered this Supplemental Indenture, and the Company and the Trustee agree for
the benefit of each other and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders, as follows:

AGREEMENT

SECTION 1. Capitalized Terms.

Any capitalized term used
and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Indenture.

SECTION 2. Settlement upon
Conversion.

In accordance with Section
5.09(A)(ii) of the Indenture, and from and after the effective time of the Merger, the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of
Notes will be changed to a right to convert such principal amount of Notes into the kind and amount of other securities, cash or other
property, or any combination of the foregoing, that a holder of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate immediately
prior to the Merger would have been entitled to receive upon such Merger (the Reference Property), which shall be
cash equal to approximately $318.50 per $1,000 principal amount of Notes based on a Conversion Rate of 60.1504 and reflecting the right
to receive $5.295 in cash for each share. No Additional Shares are required to be added to the Conversion Rate as a result of the Make-Whole
Fundamental Change. Accordingly, any reference in respect of a Holders conversion rights to a share of Common Stock in the Indenture
shall be deemed a reference to a right to receive a cash amount equal to $5.295 and the provisions of the Indenture, as modified herein,
shall continue to apply, mutatis mutandis, to the Holders right to convert the Notes into the Reference Property. The Company will
settle each such conversion no later than the tenth (10th) Business Day after the relevant Conversion Date, pursuant to Section 5.09(A)(2)
of the Indenture.

2

SECTION 3. Notes.

Each Note, with effect on
and from the Effective Date, without further action by the parties hereto shall be deemed supplemented, modified and amended in such manner
as necessary to make the terms of such Notes consistent with the terms of the Indenture, as amended by this Supplemental Indenture.

SECTION 4. Ratification and
Effect.

Except as hereby expressly
amended, the Indenture and the Notes are in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, provisions and conditions thereof shall
be and remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture is executed and shall be construed as an indenture supplemental to
the Indenture and, as provided in the Indenture, this Supplemental Indenture forms a part thereof. Each reference in the Indenture to
this Indenture, hereunder, hereof, or herein, and each reference in the Notes
to the Indenture, thereunder, thereof, or therein shall mean and be a reference
to the Indenture as amended and supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture unless the context otherwise requires. Additionally, each
reference in the Notes to this Note, hereunder, hereof, or herein, and each reference
in the Indenture to the Notes, thereunder, thereof, or therein shall mean and
be a reference to the Notes as amended and supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture unless the context otherwise requires. The Indenture
as amended and supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture shall be read, taken and construed as one and the same instrument, and every
Holder of the Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered under the Indenture as supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture
shall be bound thereby.

SECTION 5. Responsibility
of the Trustee.

(a) The
recitals in the Supplemental Indenture shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for
their correctness. The Trustee shall not be responsible or accountable in any manner whatsoever for or with respect to the validity or
sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture. The Trustee shall be under no duty whatsoever to make any determination whether any execution,
modification, amendment, supplement or confirmation to any document is necessary to implement such amendments and waivers, including those
contained herein, and shall be entitled to conclusively rely on the documentation required to be provided under the terms of the Indenture
in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee.

(b) In
acting under or in connection with this Supplemental Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to the benefit of every provision of the
Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability or affording protection to the Trustee, whether or not elsewhere herein so
provided.

(c) The
Trustee is not charged with any knowledge of the Merger Agreement or any of the terms thereof.

SECTION 6. Governing Law;
Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.

The provisions of Sections
11.06 and 11.07 of the Indenture shall apply to this Supplemental Indenture mutatis mutandis.

3

SECTION 7. Severability.

If any provision of this Supplemental
Indenture is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Supplemental
Indenture will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

SECTION 8. Conflicts.

To the extent of any inconsistency
between the terms of the Indenture or the Notes and this Supplemental Indenture, the terms of this Supplemental Indenture will control.

SECTION 9. Execution in Counterparts.

The parties may sign any number
of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy will be an original, and all of them together represent the same agreement.
Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Supplemental Indenture by facsimile, electronically in portable document format or in any
other format will be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart.

SECTION 10. Miscellaneous.

This Supplemental Indenture
constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the amendments to the Indenture set forth herein. All covenants
and agreements in this Supplemental Indenture given by the parties hereto shall bind their successors. The section headings are for convenience
only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

SECTION 11. Successors and
Assigns.

All covenants and agreements
made by the Company in this Supplemental Indenture shall be binding upon its successors and assigns.

[Signature page follows]

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

DESKTOP METAL, INC.

By: /s/ Ric Fulop

Name: Ric Fulop

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to First
Supplemental Indenture]

TRUSTEE:

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By: /s/ Joshua A. Hahn

Name: Joshua A. Hahn

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to First
Supplemental Indenture]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>dm-20250402.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dm-20250402_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dm-20250402_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 02, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 02, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-38835

Entity Registrant Name Desktop Metal, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001754820

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-2044042

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 63 3rd
Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Burlington

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 01803

City Area Code 978

Local Phone Number 224-1244

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol DM

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://desktopmetal.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

dm-20250402.xsd 
dm-20250402_lab.xml 
dm-20250402_pre.xml 
tm2511129d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-030938-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm2511129d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001754820 

2025-04-02 
2025-04-02 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001754820 
8-K 
2025-04-02 
Desktop Metal, Inc. 
DE 
001-38835 
83-2044042 
63 3rd Avenue 
Burlington 
MA 
01803 
978 
224-1244 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
DM 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>