<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-029620.txt : 20250331
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-029620.hdr.sgml : 20250331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250331074355
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-029620
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250328
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Star Holdings
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001953366
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LESSORS OF REAL PROPERTY, NEC [6519]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41572
		FILM NUMBER:		25788949

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1114 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		39TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212 930-9400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1114 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		39TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2510731d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000195336600019533662025-03-282025-03-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 28, 2025

Star Holdings

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Maryland 001-41572 37-6762818

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

1114 Avenue of the Americas

39th Floor

New York, New York 10036

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants
Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (212) 930-9400

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction
A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common shares of beneficial interest, $0.001 par value STHO Nasdaq Global Market

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. x

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On March 28, 2025, Star Holdings (the "Company")
and certain of its subsidiaries entered into amendments to the agreements described below.

Term Loan Credit Agreement with Safehold

The
Company, as borrower, and Safehold Inc. ("Safehold"), as lender, entered into the Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement (the "Second Amendment"). The Second Amendment, among other things: (i) extends the maturity date of the
underlying term loan facilities by one year, to March 31, 2028; (ii) provides that Star Holdings may re-borrow amounts that
have been paid on the $25 million incremental facility available under the agreement for permitted purposes; and (iii) provides a
restricted payments basket that will permit the Company to repurchase up to $10.0 million of its common shares for cash. As of March 28,
2025, the outstanding term loan had a principal balance of $115.0 million and no outstanding borrowings on the incremental facility.

Management Agreement with Safehold

The Company and Safehold Management Services Inc.
(the "Manager"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Safehold, entered into the First Amendment to Management Agreement (the "First
Amendment") pursuant to which (i) the management fee payable in respect of the annual term running from April 1, 2026 through
March 31, 2027 has been increased from $5.0 million to $7.5 million; and (ii) the "Termination Fee" payable to the
Manager in certain circumstances has been increased from $50.0 million to $55.0 million, in each case less the aggregate amount of management
fees paid prior to the termination date.

Amendment to Margin Loan Facility

STAR Investment Holdings SPV LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company (STAR SPV), as borrower, entered into Amendment No. 4 (Amendment No. 4) to its margin loan
agreement with Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. as administrative agent, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, as calculation agent,
and Morgan Stanley Bank N.A., as initial lender. Amendment No. 4, among other things: (i) extends the maturity date of the underlying
margin loan facility (the Margin Loan Facility) by two years, to March 31, 2028; (ii) contains a commitment for
up to $15.8 million of additional funding on a delayed-draw basis, subject to satisfaction of the conditions for drawing; (iii) provides
for increases in the applicable margin; and (iv) improves the loan-to-value ratios that would require STAR SPV to post additional
collateral with the lender or permit STAR SPV to request a release of collateral under the agreement.

Before giving effect to Amendment No. 4,
the Margin Loan Facility had an outstanding principal balance of approximately $84.2 million. The Margin Loan Facility is secured by a
first priority pledge of the shares of common stock of Safe beneficially owned by Star Holdings.

The descriptions of the Second Amendment, the
First Amendment and Amendment No. 4 and each of the agreements that are being amended do not purport to be complete and are qualified
in their entirety by reference to the full text of those agreements, which are included or incorporated by reference as exhibits to this
Current Report and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure

On March 31, 2025, the Company issued a press
release announcing the amendments discussed elsewhere in this Current Report and that its board of trustees has authorized the Company
to repurchase up to $10.0 million of its common shares in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, including
pursuant to one or more trading plans. Any such purchases will be subject to market and pricing conditions, applicable law and other factors
deemed relevant in the Company's sole discretion. The share repurchase authorization does not obligate the Company to repurchase any dollar
amount or number of shares and may be suspended or discontinued at any time.

A copy of the press release is included as an
exhibit to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference.

- 2 -

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

No. Description

10.1 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2023, by and between Safehold Inc. and Star Holdings. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 11, 2023).

10.2 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 4, 2023, by and between Safehold Inc. and Star Holdings. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2023).

10.3 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025, by and between Safehold Inc. and Star Holdings.

10.4 Management Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2023, by and between Star Holdings and Safehold Management Services Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2023).

10.5 First Amendment to Management Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025, by and between Star Holdings and Safehold Management Services, Inc.

10.6 Amendment No. 4 to Margin Loan Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025, by and among Star Investment Holdings SPV LLC, Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC. (including an amended version of the Margin Loan Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2023, reflecting all previous amendments).*

99.1 Press Release, dated March 31, 2025.

104 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Current Report on Form 8-K. 

*Certain portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. 

- 3 -

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 31, 2025

Star Holdings

By: /s/ Brett Asnas

Name: Brett Asnas

Title: Chief Financial Officer

(principal financial officer)

- 4 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2510731d1_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

Execution Version

SECOND AMENDMENT TO

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

This SECOND AMENDMENT
TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment) is dated as of March 28, 2025, is entered into
by STAR HOLDINGS, a Maryland statutory trust (together with its successors and permitted
assigns, the Borrower) and SAFEHOLD INC., a Maryland corporation
(together with its successors and permitted assigns, Lender), and is made with reference to that certain AMENDED
AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of March 31, 2023 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Credit Agreement, and as amended by this Amendment, the
Amended Credit Agreement), by and among the Borrower and the Lender. Capitalized terms used herein without definition
shall have the same meanings herein as set forth in the Credit Agreement after giving effect to this Amendment.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the
Borrower has requested the Lenders consent to (i) increase in the Indebtedness that may be incurred under the Margin
Loan Facility from approximately $84.2 million outstanding as of the date hereof to $100.0 million plus any amounts that are added
to the outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness a result of PIK elections, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
Section 6.01(b) of the Credit Agreement and (ii) the other amendments to the Margin Loan Facility reflected in
Amendment No. 4 to Margin Loan Agreement, dated the date hereof, in the final form previously submitted by the Borrower to the
Lender (the Second Amendment Consent Request);

WHEREAS, the Borrower
has requested, pursuant to Section 9.02(b) of the Credit Agreement, that certain provisions of the Credit Agreement be amended
as set forth in this Amendment; and

WHEREAS, the Borrower
and the Lender desire to amend the Credit Agreement on the terms as set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and the agreements, provisions and covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows effective
as of the Second Amendment Effective Date (as defined below):

SECTION I.
Consent; AMENDMENTS

A. Subject
to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section II below, the Lender hereby irrevocably agrees to the terms of the Second
Amendment Consent Request. Such agreement and authorization by the Lender shall be irrevocably binding on any of the Lenders subsequent
transferees, participants, successors and assigns with respect to the Lenders Loans or unused Commitments.

B. The
parties hereto further agree that the Credit Agreement shall hereby be amended as follows:

(a) Each
of the following definitions appearing in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to
read as follows:

Incremental Commitment has the meaning
specified in Section 2.14(a).

Incremental Commitment Effective Date
has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(c).

Maturity Date means March 31,
2028 (except that, if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day).

(b) The last sentence of Section 2.01is
hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

Amounts borrowed under
this Section 2.01 and repaid or prepaid may not be re-borrowed; provided, however, that for the avoidance of doubt, amounts
repaid or prepaid on a particular term loan provided under an Incremental Facility may be re-borrowed under a new term loan provided
under an Incremental facility, subject to compliance with Section 2.14.

(c) Section 2.06(d) of
the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

(d) Amounts; Application.
All prepayments shall be applied as directed by the Borrower unless a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing
and shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.09; provided, however, any prepayment of principal
due under an Incremental Facility shall be accompanied by the accrued interest thereon.

(d) Section 2.14(a) of
the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

(a) Request for Incremental Facility.
So long as (i) a Collateral Shortfall (as defined in the Margin Loan Facility) has occurred and is continuing, or (ii) the
Borrower has made (or, substantially concurrently with the funding under the Incremental Facility, will make) an optional or voluntary
prepayment under the Margin Loan Facility pursuant to the Consent Request (as defined in the First Amendment), the Borrower may, by notice
to the Lender, request (and the Lender shall provide for) the establishment of one or more new term loan commitments to increase the
existing tranche of Loans (each, an Incremental Commitment) pursuant to an Incremental Facility; provided that: (i) the
Incremental Commitment facility size shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Collateral Shortfall or voluntary prepayments (as applicable)
being financed by the Incremental Commitment; (ii) any such request for an Incremental Facility shall be in a minimum amount of
the lesser of (x) $250,000 (or such lesser amount as may be approved by the Lender) and (y) the entire remaining amount available
under this Section; and (iii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount under all Incremental Facilities at any time shall not
exceed $25,000,000.

(e) Section 6.05 of the
Credit Agreement is hereby amended to add a new sub-clause (c) to such Section to read as follows:

(c) the
Borrower may purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire Equity Interests issued by it for aggregate payments in cash not to exceed $10,000,000.

- 2 -

SECTION II.
CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS

The effectiveness of this
Amendment is subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the Lender of the following conditions (the date upon which all of such conditions
are satisfied or waived, the Second Amendment Effective Date):

(a) the
Lender (or its counsel) shall have received a counterpart signature page to this Amendment, duly executed by the Borrower;

(b) the
representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in Section III below and Article III of the Credit Agreement
or any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects (and in all respects if any such representation or warranty
is already qualified by materiality) on and as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations
and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (and in all
respects if any such representation or warranty is already qualified by materiality) as of such earlier date; and

(c) no Default
or Event of Default shall exist, or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

The undersigned, in his capacity as a Responsible
Officer of the Borrower and not in any individual capacity, hereby certifies that, as of the date first written above, the conditions
set forth in the foregoing are satisfied.

SECTION III.
Representations and Warranties.

By its execution of this
Amendment, the Borrower hereby represents and warrants that:

(a) the
execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Amendment has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational
action, and do not and will not (a) contravene the terms of its Organizational Documents, (b) conflict with or result in any
breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any material Contractual
Obligation to which the Borrower is a party or affecting the Borrower or the properties of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or (ii) any
material order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary
or its property is subject or (c) violate any Law in any material respect; and

(b) this
Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower,
enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, receivership, moratorium or other Laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity.

SECTION IV.
MISCELLANEOUS

A. Reference
to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Other Loan Documents.

(i) On and
after the Second Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder,
hereof, herein or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in the other
Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement, thereunder, thereof or words of like import referring
to the Credit Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as modified hereby.

- 3 -

(ii) Except
for the consent, waiver, amendments and modifications expressly set forth herein, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall
remain unchanged and in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed and this Amendment shall not be considered a novation.
The consent, waiver, amendments and modifications set forth herein are limited to the specifics hereof (including facts or occurrences
on which the same are based), shall not apply with respect to any facts or occurrences other than those on which the same are based,
shall neither excuse any future non-compliance with the Loan Documents nor operate as a waiver of any Default or Event of Default, shall
not operate as a consent to any further waiver, consent or amendment or other matter under the Loan Documents, and shall not be construed
as an indication that any future waiver or amendment of covenants or any other provision of the Credit Agreement will be agreed to, it
being understood that the granting or denying of any waiver or amendment which may hereafter be requested by the Borrower remains subject
to the terms of the Credit Agreement.

(iii) The
execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, constitute a waiver of any provision
of, or operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Lender under, the Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents.

(iv) The
Borrower hereby (a) affirms and confirms its guarantees, pledges, grants and other undertakings under the Credit Agreement and the
other Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (b) agrees that (i) each Loan Document to which it is a party shall continue
to be in full force and effect and (ii) all guarantees, pledges, grants and other undertakings thereunder shall continue to be in
full force and effect and shall accrue to the benefit of the Lender.

(v) This
Amendment shall be deemed to be a Loan Document as defined in the Credit Agreement.

B. Headings.
Section and subsection headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute
a part of this Amendment for any other purpose or be given any substantive effect.

C. Applicable
Law. THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

D. Jurisdiction;
Waiver of Jury Trial. The provisions of Sections 9.09 and 9.10 of the Credit Agreement pertaining to consent to jurisdiction,
service of process and waiver of jury trial are hereby incorporated by reference herein, mutatis mutandis.

E. Indemnification.
The Borrower hereby confirms that the indemnification provisions set forth in Section 9.03(b) of the Credit Agreement
shall apply to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby.

F. Counterparts.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which
when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument;
signature pages may be detached from multiple separate counterparts and attached to a single counterpart so that all signature pages are
deemed attached to the same document. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or
in electronic format (e.g. pdf or tif file format) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart of this Amendment.

- 4 -

G. Entire
Agreement. This Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire agreement among the
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all other prior agreements and understandings, both written
and verbal, among the parties or any of them with respect to the subject matter hereof.

H. Severability.
Any term or provision of this Amendment which is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining terms and provisions of
this Amendment or affecting the validity or enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of this Amendment in any other jurisdiction.
If any provision of this Amendment is so broad as to be unenforceable, such provision shall be interpreted to be only so broad as would
be enforceable.

[Remainder of page intentionally blank]

- 5 -

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized
as of the date first written above.

STAR HOLDINGS

as Borrower

By: /s/Elisha Blechner

Name: Elisha Blechner

Title: Executive Vice President

SAFEHOLD INC.,

as Lender

By: /s/Brett Asnas

Name: Brett Asnas

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Second Amendment]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2510731d1_ex10-5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

Execution Version

FIRST AMENDMENT TO MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT

This FIRST AMENDMENT (this
"Amendment") to MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT is entered into as of March 28, 2025 by and among STAR HOLDINGS, a Maryland
statutory trust (the "Company"), and SAFEHOLD MANAGEMENT SERVICES INC., a Delaware corporation (with its permitted assigns,
the "Manager"). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Existing Management
Agreement (defined below).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company and the
Manager have previously entered into the Management Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2023 (the "Existing Management Agreement");
and

WHEREAS, the Company and the
Manager have agreed to amend certain terms of the Existing Management Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Amendments.

a) The definition of "Management
Fee" in Section 1(y) of the Existing Management Agreement is hereby amended by changing the amount of the "Annual
Fee" payable in respect of the "Third Annual Renewal Term" shown in the table set forth in such definition from $5.0 million
to $7.5 million.

b) The definition of "Termination
Fee" in Section 1(mm) of the Existing Management Agreement is hereby amended by changing the amount in clause (i)(x) of
such definition from $50.0 million to $55.0 million.

2. Governing
Law. This Amendment and the rights and obligations of the parties under this Amendment shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted
in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without regard to conflicts of law principles to the contrary.

3. Conflict.
In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of this Amendment and the terms and conditions of the Existing Management
Agreement, such conflict shall be resolved in favor of the terms and conditions of this Amendment and the Existing Management Agreement
shall be construed accordingly.

4. Ratification.
Except as modified hereby, the Existing Management Agreement remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms and is hereby
ratified and confirmed in all respects.

5. Counterparts.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original as against any party whose signature
appears thereon, and all of which constitute one and the same instrument.

6. Facsimile/PDF
Signatures. In order to expedite the transaction contemplated herein, telecopied, facsimile, or .pdf (exchanged via e-mail) signatures
may be used in place of original signatures on this Amendment. The parties intend to be bound by the signatures on the telecopied, facsimile
or pdf document, are aware that the other parties will rely on the telecopied, facsimile or .pdf signatures, and hereby waive any defenses
to the enforcement of the terms of this Amendment based on the form of signature.

7. Binding
Effect. This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, legal representatives,
successors and permitted assignees.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.

Signature page follows.]

- 2 -

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
hereto have duly executed this First Amendment to Management Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

STAR HOLDINGS

/s/Elisha Blechner

Name: Elisha Blechner

Title: Executive
Vice President

SAFEHOLD MANAGEMENT SERVICES INC.

/s/Brett Asnas

Name: Brett Asnas

Title: Chief
Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm2510731d1_ex10-6.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.6
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.6

Execution
Version

AMENDMENT NO. 4 TO MARGIN LOAN AGREEMENT

This AMENDMENT NO. 4 (this Amendment),
dated as of March 28, 2025, to the Margin Loan Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2023 (as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated
as of October 6, 2023, Amendment No. 2, dated as of September 30, 2024, and Amendment No. 3 dated as of January 23,
2025, and as further amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time, the Margin Loan Agreement),
by and among Star Investment Holdings SPV LLC (the Borrower), Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as initial Lender
and the other Lenders party thereto from time to time, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as Administrative Agent (the Administrative
Agent), and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, as Calculation Agent, is entered into by and among the Borrower and the Lenders,
and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent.

PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS:

WHEREAS, the parties hereto have agreed and all
Lenders consented, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent to effectiveness set forth in Section 4 hereof,
to amend certain terms of the Margin Loan Agreement as hereinafter provided.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual
agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged, and
subject to the conditions set forth herein, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

section
1. Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings
assigned to such terms in the Margin Loan Agreement.

section
2. Amendments to Margin Loan Agreement. As of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date,
the Margin Loan Agreement is amended to (a) delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example:
stricken text) and (b) to add the single underlined text (indicated textually in
the same manner as the following example: single-underlined text) as set forth in the blackline
of the Margin Loan Agreement attached as Exhibit A hereto.

section
3. Representations and Warranties. Borrower hereby represents and warrants to each
Lender as of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date with respect to itself that:

(a) this Amendment has been duly authorized,
executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower
in accordance with its terms, subject to (i) the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance
or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such
enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and (iii) implied covenants of good faith and fair dealing;

(b) the
execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Amendment (i) have been duly authorized by all partnership or limited
liability company action required to be obtained by the Borrower and (ii) will not (x) violate (A) any provision of law,
statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Borrower, (B) the certificate or articles of incorporation or other constitutive
documents (including any partnership, limited liability company or operating agreements) or by-laws of the Borrower, (C) any applicable
order of any court or any rule, regulation or order of any Governmental Authority applicable to the Borrower or (D) any provision
of any indenture, certificate of designation for preferred stock, agreement or other instrument to which the Borrower is a party or by
which it or any of its property is or may be bound, (y) result in a breach of or constitute (alone or with due notice or lapse of
time or both) a default under, give rise to a right of or result in any cancellation or acceleration of any right or obligation (including
any payment) under any such indenture, certificate of designation for preferred stock, agreement or other instrument, where any such conflict,
violation, breach or default referred to in clause (x)(D) or (y) of this clause (b), would reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, or (z) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon or with respect to (1) any
property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired by the Borrower, other than the Liens created by the Margin Loan Documentation and
Permitted Liens, or (2) any Equity Interests of the Borrower; and

(c) it has not provided any Material Nonpublic
Information with respect to the Issuer and its Subsidiaries or the Shares to any Agent or Lender. Since December 31, 2023, no event
has occurred or condition arisen, either individually or in the aggregate, that would reasonably be expected to result in an Issuer Material
Adverse Effect.

section
4. Conditions to Effectiveness. This Amendment shall become effective on the date
(the time of such satisfaction, the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date) on which each of the conditions
set forth below have been satisfied:

(a) the Administrative Agent has received counterparts of this Amendment duly executed by the Borrower and the Lenders and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent;

(b) no
Default, Event of Default, Collateral Shortfall, Mandatory Prepayment Event or Facility Adjustment Event has occurred and is continuing
as of the date hereof or would result from, or after giving effect to, this Amendment;

(c) the
Administrative Agent has received a certificate from a Responsible Officer of Borrower, which shall contain representations that (i) the
condition set forth in Subsection (b) of this Section 4 has been satisfied and (ii) the transactions contemplated by this
Amendment and the Margin Loan Documentation after giving effect thereto are within the powers of and have been duly authorized by all
necessary action by Borrower; and

(d) all
(i) fees required to be paid on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date pursuant to the fee letter, dated as of the date hereof,
between the Borrower and the Lender, and (ii) reasonable out-of-pocket expenses required to be paid pursuant to the Margin Loan Documentation,
to the extent invoiced at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date (except as otherwise reasonably
agreed by Borrower), in each case, shall have been paid.

2

section
5. Reference to and Effect on the Margin Loan Documentation. (a) From and after the
Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, each reference in the Margin Loan Agreement to hereunder, hereof, Agreement,
this Agreement or words of like import and each reference in the other Margin Loan Documentation to Margin Loan
Agreement, thereunder, thereof or words of like import shall, unless the context otherwise requires,
mean and be a reference to the Margin Loan Agreement as amended by this Amendment. From and after the Amendment No. 4 Effective
Date, this Amendment shall be Margin Loan Documentation under the Margin Loan Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, any references to
date hereof
or date of this Agreement
and each other similar reference in the Margin Loan Agreement shall continue to refer to March 31, 2023.

(b) Each
Security Agreement and other Margin Loan Documentation, as specifically amended by this Amendment, are and shall continue to be in full
force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed, and the respective guarantees, pledges, grants of security interests
and other agreements, as applicable, under the Margin Loan Documentation, notwithstanding the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby, shall continue to be in full force and effect and shall accrue to the benefit of the Lenders under the Margin Loan Agreement.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Margin Loan Documentation and all of the Collateral described therein do and shall
continue to secure the payment of all Obligations of the Borrower under the Margin Loan Documentation, in each case, as amended by this
Amendment.

(c) The
execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right,
power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative Agent under any of the Margin Loan Documentation, nor constitute a waiver of any provision
of any of the Margin Loan Documentation.

section
6. Execution in Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts
and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of
which taken together shall constitute but one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to
this Amendment by .pdf or other electronic form shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed original counterpart of this Amendment.

section
7. Amendments; Headings; Severability. This Amendment may not be amended nor may any provision
hereof be waived except pursuant to a writing signed by the Borrower and the Lenders party hereto. The section headings used herein are
for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Amendment and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration
in interpreting this Amendment. Any provision of this Amendment held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall,
as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity,
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof, and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction
shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. The parties shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations to replace the invalid,
illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions, the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid,
illegal or unenforceable provisions.

3

section
8. Governing Law; Etc.

THIS AMENDMENT AND ANY CLAIMS,
CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT
SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAWS
PROVISIONS OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW.

section
9. No Novation. This Amendment shall not extinguish the obligations for the payment of money
outstanding under the Margin Loan Agreement or discharge or release the Lien or priority of any Margin Loan Documentation or any other
security therefor, except for the release of the Lien on the Released Shares as of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date as provided
herein. Nothing herein contained shall be construed as a substitution or novation of the obligations outstanding under the Margin Loan
Agreement or instruments securing the same, which shall remain in full force and effect, except to any extent modified hereby or by instruments
executed concurrently herewith and except to the extent repaid as provided herein. Nothing implied in this Amendment or in any other
document contemplated hereby shall be construed as a release or other discharge of the Borrower under any Margin Loan Documentation from
any of its obligations and liabilities as a borrower or pledgor under any of the Margin Loan Documentation.

section
10. Notices. All notices hereunder shall be given in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.02
of the Margin Loan Agreement.

[Signature Pages Follow]

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written.

STAR INVESTMENT HOLDINGS SPV LLC,

as Borrower

By: /s/ Brett Asnas

Name: Brett Asnas

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature
Page to Amendment No. 4 to Margin Loan Agreement]

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A.,

as Initial Lender

By: /s/ Paul Kouch

Name: Paul Kouch

Title: Managing Director

Acknowledged:

MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC.,

as Administrative Agent

By: /s/ Joel Carter

Name: Joel Carter

Title: Managing Director

[Signature
Page to Amendment No. 4 to Margin Loan Agreement]

Exhibit A

Amended Margin Loan Agreement

(attached)

[Exhibit A to Amendment No. 4 to Margin Loan Agreement]

Amended through Amendment No. 4 to Margin
Loan Agreement

MARGIN LOAN AGREEMENT

dated as of March 31, 2023

among

STAR INVESTMENT HOLDINGS SPV LLC,

as Borrower,

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A.,

as Initial Lender and the other Lenders party
hereto,

MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC.,

as Administrative Agent,

and

MORGAN STANLEY & CO. LLC,

as Calculation Agent

Note: Certain portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation
S-K because the information is both not material and is the type that the registrant treats as private and confidential.

Additionally, in the interest of readability, blacklining has been
eliminated and the exhibit is presented in its amended form.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PAGE

Article 1DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1

Section 1.01. Certain Defined Terms 1

Section 1.02. Times of Day 28

Section 1.03. Terms Generally 28

Section 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP 29

Article 2AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE ADVANCES 29

Section 2.01. The Advances 29

Section 2.02. Repayment of Advances 30

Section 2.03. Interest 30

Section 2.04. Fees 31

Section 2.05. Interest Rate Determinations 31

Section 2.06. Prepayments of Advances; Collateral Shortfall; Withdrawal of Collateral 31

Section 2.07. Increased Costs; Break Funding 35

Section 2.08. Taxes 38

Section 2.09. Illegality 42

Section 2.10. Evidence of Debt 42

Section 2.11. Payments and Computations 43

Section 2.12. Administrative Agents Clawback 43

Section 2.13. Accelerating Lenders 44

Section 2.14. Benchmark Replacement Setting 45

Section 2.15. Periodic Rebalancing 45

Article 3REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 46

Section 3.01. Organization; Powers 46

Section 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability 46

Section 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts 46

Section 3.04. Financial Condition 47

Section 3.05. Litigation Matters 47

Section 3.06. Compliance with Laws 47

Section 3.07. Investment Company Status 47

Section 3.08. Taxes 47

Section 3.09. Disclosure 48

- i - 

Section 3.10. Agreements; Parent Credit Agreement 48

Section 3.11. No Material Adverse Effect 48

Section 3.12. Solvency 48

Section 3.13. Trading and Other Restrictions 48

Section 3.14. Subsidiaries 49

Section 3.15. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 49

Section 3.16. Material Nonpublic Information 49

Section 3.17. Employee Matters 49

Section 3.18. No Plan Assets 49

Section 3.19. Conduct of Business 49

Section 3.20. Separateness 49

Article 4CONDITIONS OF LENDING 50

Section 4.01. Conditions Precedent to the Funding Date 50

Section 4.02. Conditions Precedent to Delayed Draw Advances 52

Article 5AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 53

Section 5.01. Financial Statements 53

Section 5.02. Notices of Material Events 53

Section 5.03. Existence; Conduct of Business 54

Section 5.04. Payment of Liabilities 54

Section 5.05. Compliance with Applicable Organization Documents, Policies and Laws 54

Section 5.06. Provision of Public Information 54

Section 5.07. Compliance with Exchange Act Reporting Requirements 55

Section 5.08. Further Assurances 55

Section 5.09. Books and Records 55

Section 5.10. Borrower Organization Docs; Special Purpose Entity; Maintenance of Separateness 55

Section 5.11. Payment of PIK; Prepayment of Interest 55

Section 5.12. Independent Manager 55

Section 5.13. ERISA Plan Assets 56

Section 5.14. KYC Materials 56

Article 6NEGATIVE COVENANTS 56

Section 6.01. Indebtedness 56

Section 6.02. Liens 56

Section 6.03. Business Activities 56

Section 6.04. Investments 56

- ii - 

Section 6.05. Distributions 56

Section 6.06. Investment Company 57

Section 6.07. No Amendment of Organization Documents 57

Section 6.08. Transactions with Affiliates 57

Section 6.09. Formation of Subsidiaries 57

Section 6.10. Agreements 57

Section 6.11. No Impairment of Collateral Shares 58

Section 6.12. Compliance with Margin Regulations 58

Section 6.13. Sanctions and Anti-Corruption 58

Section 6.14. Tax Status 58

Section 6.15. Future Financings 58

Section 6.16. Employee Matters 58

Article 7EVENTS OF DEFAULT 59

Section 7.01. Events of Default 59

Section 7.02. Lenders Rights with Respect to Collateral 61

Article 8AGENTS 62

Section 8.01. Authorization and Authority 62

Section 8.02. Agent Individually 63

Section 8.03. Duties of the Agents; Exculpatory Provisions 64

Section 8.04. Reliance by Agent 65

Section 8.05. Delegation of Duties 65

Section 8.06. Resignation of Agent 66

Section 8.07. Non-Reliance on Agents 66

Section 8.08. Erroneous Payments 67

Section 8.09. Certain ERISA Matters 68

Article 9MISCELLANEOUS 69

Section 9.01. Amendments; Adjustments 69

Section 9.02. Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communications 72

Section 9.03. No Waiver; Remedies 74

Section 9.04. Costs and Expenses; Indemnification; Damage Waiver 75

Section 9.05. Payments Set Aside 77

Section 9.06. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction 77

Section 9.07. Successors and Assigns 78

Section 9.08. Severability 80

- iii - 

Section 9.09. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness 80

Section 9.10. Survival 81

Section 9.11. Confidentiality 81

Section 9.12. No Advisory or Fiduciary Relationship 82

Section 9.13. Right of Setoff 82

Section 9.14. Judgment Currency 82

Section 9.15. USA PATRIOT Act Notice 83

Section 9.16. Interest Rate Limitation 83

Section 9.17. Disclosure 83

Section 9.18. Calculation Agent Determinations 83

Section 9.19. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 84

Section 9.20. Qualified Financial Contract 85

- iv - 

ARTICLE 1

ANNEXES

Annex I Benchmark Replacement Setting

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit A Form of Borrowing Notice

Exhibit B Form of Security Agreement

Exhibit C Form of Account Control Agreement

Exhibit D Form of Collateral Call Notice

Exhibit E Form of Officers Certificate

Exhibit F Form of Assignment and Assumption

Exhibit G Form of Issuer Agreement

Exhibit H Form of Solvency Certificate

Exhibit I-1 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders that are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit I-2 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants that are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit I-3 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit I-4 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit J Form of Compliance Certificate

Exhibit K Form of Collateral Shortfall Cure Notice

This MARGIN LOAN AGREEMENT
dated as of March 31, 2023 (as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time, this Agreement),
is among Star Investment Holdings SPV LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower (Borrower), each
lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the Lenders and, individually, a Lender),
Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as Administrative Agent (this and other capitalized terms used but not defined in these introductory
paragraphs have the respective meanings given to them in Section 1.01), and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, as Calculation Agent.

Borrower has requested that
Lenders make Advances to it (a) on the Funding Date, in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding the Initial Commitment and (b) on
any Delayed Draw Funding Date, in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding the unused and outstanding portion of the Delayed Draw Commitment,
and each Lender has made or is prepared to make, as applicable, its portion of such Advances upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in this Agreement.

In consideration of the mutual
covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:

Article 1

DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS

Section 1.01. Certain
Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Accelerating
Lender means any Lender that has terminated its Commitment and accelerated any Advances owing to it pursuant to Section 7.02;
provided that, if an Event of Default of the type specified in Section 7.01(f) has occurred and any Advances of all Lenders
have automatically become due, each Lender shall be considered an Accelerating Lender hereunder.

Acceptable Collateral
means any of the following assets of Borrower, if (x) held in or credited to any Collateral Account subject to a first priority Lien
under the applicable Security Agreement and (y) the Collateral Requirement has been satisfied with respect thereto:

(a) Cash and Cash Equivalents; and

(b) security
entitlements in respect of Collateral Shares that were deposited into, or credited to, the Collateral Accounts on, and have remained Collateral
since, the Funding Date, as long as:

(i) such Collateral Shares are DTC Collateral Shares;

(ii) such
Collateral Shares and such security entitlements are not subject to (1) any Transfer Restriction (other than Existing Transfer Restrictions),
(2) any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) or (3) any Restrictive Condition;

- 1 - 

(iii) such
Collateral Shares (1) do not bear any restrictive legends (other than a legend describing the REIT Ownership Restriction) and (2) bear
an unrestricted CUSIP; and

(iv) such
Collateral Shares are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

Acceptable Letter
of Credit Issuer means, at any time, with respect to a letter of credit, a financial institution organized under the laws
of the United States whose (a) senior unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness is rated at least A3 by Moodys and A- by S&P
and (b) combined capital, surplus and undivided profits is not less than $500,000,000, in each case, at such time.

Account Control
Agreement means each of those certain Account Control Agreements, in each case, dated as of the Funding Date (or any later
date on which any Person becomes an Applicable Lender), among Borrower, Custodian and an Applicable Lender, as collateral agent, substantially
in the form of Exhibit C.

Act
has the meaning specified in Section 9.15.

Activities
has the meaning specified in Section 8.02(b).

Adjustment Determination
Date means, with respect to any Facility Adjustment Event, the date on which Calculation Agent has notified Borrower (excluding
any Proposed Adjustment Notice) of (a) the adjustments that will be made to the terms of the Margin Loan Documentation on account
thereof or (b) a determination that no such adjustments under Section 9.01 are necessary. All proposed adjustments received
by Borrower after 2:00 p.m. on any date shall be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day.

Adjustment Determination
Period means the period beginning on, and including, the date on which a Facility Adjustment Event occurs and ending on,
and including, the earlier of (a) the related Adjustment Determination Date and (b) the fifth (5th) Business Day following the
later of the date of such occurrence and the date on which all information material to a determination of the relevant adjustment under
Section 9.01 in respect of such Facility Adjustment Event, as determined by Calculation Agent, is made available to Calculation Agent.

Administrative
Agent means Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Margin Loan
Documentation, or any permitted successor administrative agent hereunder (including, without limitation, any successor appointed under
Section 8.06), subject to Section 2.13.

ADTV
means, as of any date of determination, the arithmetic average of the daily trading volume of the Shares as reported on Bloomberg Page SAFE
US (or, if not so reported, any successor or replacement reporting entity or page thereto selected by Calculation
Agent) for the previous thirty (30) Exchange Business Days.

- 2 - 

Advance
means the Initial Advance and any Delayed Draw Advance, as the context may require. As of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, the
aggregate principal outstanding amount of the Advance is $84,174,908.74.

Affected Financial
Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled
by or is under common Control with the Person specified.

Agent
means each of Administrative Agent and Calculation Agent.

Agented Lender
means any Lender who has taken an Advance (or portion thereof) hereunder by assignment, but has not yet entered into a Security Agreement
and an Account Control Agreement with respect to the Collateral securing the Obligations owing to it. Any reference in the Margin Loan
Documentation to the Applicable Lender with respect to an Agented Lender shall be to the Lender who assigned an Advance (or portion thereof)
to such Agented Lender.

Agents
Group has the meaning specified in Section 8.02(b).

Agreement
means this Margin Loan Agreement.

Amendment No. 3
means Amendment No. 3, dated as of January 23, 2025, by and among the Borrower and the Lenders, and acknowledged by the Administrative
Agent.

Amendment No. 3
Shares means the [REDACTED] Collateral Shares deposited by the Borrower in accordance with Amendment No. 3.

Amendment No. 4
means Amendment No. 4, dated as of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, by and among the Borrower and the Lenders, and acknowledged
by the Administrative Agent.

Amendment No. 4
Effective Date means March 28, 2025.

Anti-Corruption
Laws means all laws, rules and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to Borrower from time to time that prohibit
bribery or corruption, including without limitation the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

Applicable Lender
means any Lender other than an Agented Lender.

Applicable Margin
means 3.50%; provided that the Applicable Margin shall be 3.75% for the entirety of each PIK Interest Period; provided, further,
that such increase shall no longer apply upon the expiry of such PIK Interest Period until the commencement of a subsequent PIK Interest
Period, if any.

- 3 - 

Applicable Percentage
means, subject to Section 2.13, with respect to any Lender at any time, (a) the aggregate principal amount of such Lenders
portion of any Advance plus such Lender's Delayed Draw Commitments then in effect (to the extent such Delayed Draw Commitments have not
been funded and remain in effect) divided by (b) the aggregate principal amount of any Advance owed to all Lenders plus the
aggregate principal amount of all Delayed Draw Commitments then in effect (to the extent such Delayed Draw Commitments have not been funded
and remain in effect) calculated to nine decimal places.

Applicable Rate
means, with respect to an Interest Period, the Benchmark Rate plus the Applicable Margin.

Approved Fund
means any Fund that is administered or managed by (i) a Lender, (ii) an Affiliate of a Lender or (iii) an entity or an
Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.

Assignment and
Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an eligible assignee (with the consent of any
party whose consent is required by Section 9.07), and accepted by Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit F
or any other form approved by Administrative Agent.

Attributable
Debt means, on any date, (a) in respect of any capital lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would
appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease
Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under the relevant lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such
Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease were accounted for as a capital lease.

Authorized Representative
means, as applied to any Person, any authorized signatory or Responsible Officer appointed or designated in accordance with such Persons
Organization Documents.

Availability
and Direction Certification means [REDACTED].

Availability
Period means the period commencing on the Commitment Date and ending on the earlier to occur of (a) the initial funding
of the Facility and (b) the Commitment Termination Date.

Bail-In Action
means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected
Financial Institution.

Bail-In Legislation
means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament
and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from
time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of
the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United
Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other
than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).

- 4 - 

Bankruptcy Action
means any of the following, with respect to any Person: (a) to institute any proceedings to adjudicate such Person as bankrupt or
insolvent, (b) to institute or consent to the institution of bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency proceedings against such Person
or file a bankruptcy petition or any other petition seeking, or consenting to, reorganization or relief with respect to such Person under
any Debtor Relief Law, (c) to file or consent to a petition seeking liquidation, reorganization, dissolution, winding up or similar
relief with respect to such Person, (d) to consent to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator
or conservator (or other similar official) of such Person or any part of its property, (e) to make any assignment for the benefit
of such Persons creditors, (f) to cause such Person to admit in writing its inability to pay its debts, or (g) to take
any action in furtherance of any of the foregoing.

Bankruptcy Code
means the United States Bankruptcy Code.

Basel III
means, collectively, those certain agreements on capital and liquidity standards contained in Basel III: A Global Regulatory Framework
for More Resilient Banks and Banking Systems, Basel III: International Framework for Liquidity Risk Measurement, Standards
and Monitoring, and Guidance for National Authorities Operating the Countercyclical Capital Buffer, each as published
by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2010 (as revised from time to time), and Basel III: The Liquidity
Coverage Ratio and Liquidity Risk Monitoring Tools, as published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in January 2013
(as revised from time to time).

Benchmark Rate
means, for any day, a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the higher of Term SOFR for a three-month tenor in effect on such day and (b) [REDACTED]%.
Any change in the Benchmark Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the respective rate. The Benchmark
Rate on any day that is not a Business Day shall be the Benchmark Rate in effect on the immediately preceding Business Day.

Beneficial Ownership
Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Beneficial Ownership
Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

Benefit Plan
means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title
I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applied and
(c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or
Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan.

Borrower
has the meaning specified in the preamble hereto.

Borrower Financial
Statements means, at any time, the financial statements of Borrower most recently delivered under Section 5.01.

- 5 - 

Borrowing Notice
means a notice of the borrowing of any Advance pursuant to Section 2.01(e), which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A
or such other form as may be approved by Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion (including any form on an electronic platform
or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion), completed and signed by
a Responsible Officer of Borrower.

Business Day
means any day on which commercial banks are open for business in New York City, United States.

Calculation Agent
means Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, or any successor calculation agent hereunder (including, without limitation, any successor appointed
under Section 8.06), acting in accordance with Section 9.18, subject to Section 2.13.

Cash
means all cash in Dollars at any time and from time to time deposited or to be deposited in the Collateral Accounts.

Cash Equivalents
means any readily marketable direct obligations of the Government of the United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof, as the
case may be, which obligations are unconditionally guaranteed by the full faith and credit of the Government of the United States and
have a maturity of not greater than twelve (12) months from the date of issuance thereof.

Change in Law
means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty,
(b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof
by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force
of law) by any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement; provided that, notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and all rules, regulations or directives
thereunder or issued in connection therewith relating to capital and liquidity requirements and (y) all rules, regulations or directives
issued pursuant to Basel III, shall be deemed to have been introduced or adopted after the Funding Date, regardless of the date enacted,
adopted or issued; provided that if any Lender reasonably determines that a Change in Law has occurred, such Lender shall only
request compensation from Borrower under Section 2.07 herein to the extent such Lender makes the same or a substantially similar
request under substantially all of its comparable credit agreements for margin lending transactions secured by common shares with other
borrowers similarly situated to Borrower.

Change of Control
means any event or transaction, or series of related events or transactions, the result of which is that (a) with respect to Issuer,
a person or group becomes the beneficial owner (all within the meaning of Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) of sufficient common equity of Issuer so as to entitle such person
or group to exercise more, when aggregated with the beneficial ownership of Parent and Borrower of common
equity of Issuer at such time, than 50% of the total voting power of all classes of common equity entitled to vote generally in elections
of directors of Issuer and (b) with respect to Borrower, (i) 100% of the voting equity of Borrower is no longer directly or
indirectly held and controlled by Parent or (ii) a person or group becomes the beneficial owner
of sufficient common equity of Parent so as to entitle such person or group to exercise more than 40% of the
total voting power of all classes of common equity entitled to vote generally in elections of directors of Parent.

- 6 - 

Charges
has the meaning specified in Section 9.16.

Closing Sale
Price means, on any Scheduled Trading Day, the closing sale price (or if no closing sale price is reported, the average
of the last bid and ask prices or, if more than one in either case, the average of the last bid and the last ask prices, in each case,
at the scheduled closing time) per Share as reported by the Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, as determined by Calculation Agent.

Code
means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Collateral
means all Shares (and security entitlements in respect thereof), Cash, Cash Equivalents and other personal property over which Liens are
purported to be granted under the Margin Loan Documentation.

Collateral Accounts
means each Collateral Account as specified in the Security Agreements.

Collateral Call
Notice has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(c).

Collateral Requirement
means, at any time, that all steps required under applicable Law, if any, or reasonably requested by any Applicable Lender, shall have
been taken to ensure that each Security Agreement in favor of such Applicable Lender creates a valid, first priority Lien (subject only
to Permitted Liens) on all the Collateral that is perfected by (i) control (within the meaning of the UCC), to the extent such Collateral
is capable of perfection by control under the UCC or (ii) filing, to the extent such Collateral is not capable of perfection by control
under the UCC.

Collateral Shares
means any Shares held in or credited to any Collateral Account. As of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, there are 13,522,651 Collateral
Shares.

Collateral Shortfall
means, on any date, that the LTV Ratio is greater than the LTV Margin Call Level. A Collateral Shortfall shall be considered cured
at the time, following such Collateral Shortfall, that Borrower causes the LTV Ratio (determined based on the Reference Price as in effect
on the date that the Collateral Shortfall occurred) to be less than or equal to the LTV Reset Level pursuant to, and as determined in
accordance with, clause (i) and/or (ii) of Section 2.06(c).

Commitment
means the Initial Commitment and the Delayed Draw Commitment, as the context may require.

Commitment Date
means August 10, 2022.

Commitment Letter
means that certain Commitment Letter, dated as of the Commitment Date, by and between Borrower and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A.

- 7 - 

Commitment Termination
Date means the earliest of (a) the third (3rd) Business Day following the Effective Date (as defined in
the Merger Agreement) without the funding of the Facility, (b) the termination of the Merger Agreement or the public announcement
that iStar Inc., or Issuer no longer intends to pursue the iStar Transactions and (c) the earlier to occur of (i) the Outside
Date (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and (ii) 5:00 p.m. on the last Business Day to occur on or prior to December 31,
2023.

Communication
has the meaning specified in Section 5.06.

Connection Income
Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise
Taxes or branch profits Taxes.

Control
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person,
whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled
have the meanings correlative thereto.

Cure Time
means [REDACTED].

Custodian
means Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, or any successor appointed by Borrower with the consent of each Applicable Lender.

Debtor Relief
Laws means the Bankruptcy Code, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors,
moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United States or other applicable
jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally.

Default
means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both,
would be an Event of Default.

Delayed Draw
Commitment means the commitment of each Lender to fund Delayed Draw Advances, in the amount set forth opposite such Lender's
name on Schedule 1 to Amendment No. 4, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Delayed Draw
Advance has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(b).

Delayed Draw
Availability Period means the period from the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date until the Delayed Draw Termination Date.

Delayed Draw
Funding Date means the requested borrowing date of a Delayed Draw Advance.

Delayed Draw
Termination Date means the earliest to occur of (x) the date on which the Delayed Draw Commitments, having been fully
drawn, shall have been reduced to $0, (y) the date that is ten (10) Business Days prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and (z) if
applicable, the date on which the Delayed Draw Commitments are reduced to zero pursuant to Section 7.01.

- 8 - 

Delisting
means that the Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of the Exchange, the Shares have ceased (or, if the Calculation Agent
determines that no remedial action is reasonably likely to prevent cessation, will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the
Exchange for any reason, and no other Designated Exchange has announced that it has accepted the Shares for listing, trading or quotation,
which shall be effective contemporaneously with, or prior to, such cessation.

Designated Exchange
means any of The New York Stock Exchange, The Nasdaq Global Market, The Nasdaq Global Select Market or (in each case) any successor thereto.

Disqualified
Lender means, on any date, (a) each financial institution designated as a Disqualified Lender by written
notice delivered by or on behalf of Borrower to Administrative Agent on or prior to the Funding Date, (b) any Person that is a competitor
of Borrower, which Person has been designated as a Disqualified Lender by written notice delivered by or on behalf of Borrower
to Administrative Agent not less than five (5) Business Days prior to the date such designation is proposed to be effective and (c) in
the case of clauses (a) and (b), any of their Affiliates that are (i) specified in writing by or on behalf of Borrower to Administrative
Agent from time to time or (ii) clearly identifiable on the basis of such Affiliates name; provided that Disqualified
Lenders shall exclude any Person that Borrower has designated as no longer being a Disqualified Lender by written
notice delivered to Administrative Agent from time to time, (y) in no event shall any Permitted Assignee be deemed a Disqualified
Lender, and (z) no notice or other circumstance shall apply retroactively to make any Person a Disqualified Lender.

Disrupted Day
means any Scheduled Trading Day on which, (i) the Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session, (ii) a
Market Disruption Event occurs or exists or (iii) the Calculation Agent is unable to determine the Closing Sale Price.

Dollars
and $ mean the lawful money of the United States. DTC means The Depository Trust
Company or its successor.

DTC Collateral
Shares means Collateral Shares that are registered in the name of DTC or its nominee, are maintained in the form of book
entries on the books of DTC and are allowed to be settled through DTCs regular book-entry settlement services.

Early Closure
means the closure on any Scheduled Trading Day of the Exchange prior to its scheduled closing time for such day, unless such earlier closing
time is announced by the Exchange at least one hour prior to the actual closing time for the regular trading session on the Exchange on
such Scheduled Trading Day.

EEA Financial
Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject
to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution
described in clause (a) of this definition or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a
subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with
its parent.

- 9 - 

EEA Member Country
means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway.

EEA Resolution
Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any
EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

Electronic Information
means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of Borrower pursuant
to any Margin Loan Documentation or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed to any Agent or any Lender by means of
electronic communications pursuant to Section 9.02, including through the Platform.

Eligible Assignee
means any Person that is a Permitted Assignee or that meets each of the following requirements: (a) Administrative Agent shall have
consented (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to such Person being a Lender, unless such Person is a Lender, an
Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to a Lender, (b) such Person shall not be Parent, Borrower, Issuer or
any of their respective Affiliates or Subsidiaries, and (c) such Person shall not be a natural person.

Eligible Letter
of Credit means, at any time, an irrevocable letter of credit issued for the benefit of an Applicable Lender by a Person
that is, at such time, an Acceptable Letter of Credit Issuer in a stated amount of not less than $5,000,000 (provided that such Acceptable
Letter of Credit Issuer has not issued for the benefit of any Applicable Lender an aggregate stated amount of Eligible Letters of Credit
hereunder that exceeds the product of (x) the aggregate Applicable Percentage of such Applicable Lender and any relevant Agented
Lender with respect to which such Applicable Lender is acting as agent and (y) $50,000,000) and (a) that has an initial expiration
date at least 364 days after its issue date; (b) that permits drawing thereunder if (i) not renewed, extended or replaced on
or prior to the date that is thirty (30) days prior to its stated expiry date or the issuer thereof no longer constitutes an Acceptable
Letter of Credit Issuer; (c) the account party of which is a Person other than Borrower; and (d) that is in a form that is reasonably
acceptable to the Applicable Lender.

Employee Benefit
Plan means any employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA which is or was sponsored,
maintained or contributed to by, or required to be contributed to by, Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates.

Equity Interests
means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all
of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership
or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership
or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or
such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests
therein), whether voting or nonvoting, whether economic or non-economic, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or
other interests are outstanding on any date of determination.

- 10 - 

ERISA
means the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and any successor thereto.

ERISA Affiliate
means, as applied to any Person, (a) any corporation which is a member of a controlled group of corporations within the meaning of
Section 414(b) of the Code of which that Person is a member; (b) any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which
is a member of a group of trades or businesses under common control within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Code of which
that Person is a member and (c) any member of an affiliated service group within the meaning of Section 414(m) or (o) of
the Code of which that Person, any corporation described in clause (a) above or any trade or business described in clause (b) above
is a member. Any former ERISA Affiliate of any Person shall continue to be considered an ERISA Affiliate of such Person within the meaning
of this definition with respect to the period such entity was an ERISA Affiliate of such Person and with respect to liabilities arising
after such period for which such Person could be liable under the Code or ERISA.

EU Bail-In Legislation
Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person),
as in effect from time to time.

Event of Default
Notice has the meaning specified in Section 7.01. Events of Default has the meaning specified
in Section 7.01.

Exchange
means The New York Stock Exchange or its successor, or if the Shares are not listed for trading on such exchange, the Designated Exchange
that is the primary trading market for the Shares.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Exchange Business
Day means any day on which the Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding the Exchange
closing prior to its scheduled closing time.

Exchange Disruption
means any event that materially disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain
market values for, the Shares on the Exchange on any Scheduled Trading Day as determined by Calculation Agent, or the inability of Calculation
Agent, on account of a trading suspension or otherwise, to determine the Reference Price of the Shares by reference to transactions or
bid or ask prices for the Shares on the Exchange on any Scheduled Trading Day.

Excluded Taxes
means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Lender or an Agent or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment
to a Lender or an Agent:

(a) Taxes
imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed
as a result of such Lender or such Agent being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of a Lender,
its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that
are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the
account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in an Advance or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which
(i) such Lender acquires such interest in any Advance or Commitment or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in
each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.08, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders
assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in any Advance or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before
it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Lenders or such Agents failure to comply with Section 2.08(e) and
(d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA.

- 11 - 

Existing Transfer
Restrictions means (x) Transfer Restrictions on the Collateral Shares on account of the fact that Borrower is an affiliate
of Issuer within the meaning of Rule 144, (y) the REIT Ownership Restrictions and (z) the Merger Lockup.

Extended MDE
Day means each Disrupted Day beginning on, and including, the second (2nd) consecutive Disrupted Day.

Extraordinary
Distribution means any dividend, issuance or distribution by Issuer of cash, securities or property to holders of the Shares
other than an Ordinary Cash Dividend or a Spin-off.

Facility
means the credit facility contemplated by this Agreement.

Facility Adjustment
Event means any of the following (it being understood that in no event shall a transaction expressly contemplated by the
iStar Transactions or the Merger Agreement (as in effect on the Commitment Date) to be consummated on the Funding Date constitute a Facility
Adjustment Event):

(a) the consummation of any Spin-off, Split-off or Extraordinary Distribution;

(b) a
Change in Law or a change in jurisdiction or location of material business activities of Issuer that would reasonably be expected to result
in the imposition of any withholding Tax on proceeds of a prospective sale of Shares upon foreclosure, as determined by Administrative
Agent;

(c) the
occurrence of (i) any subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of Shares, or any dividend of Shares in respect of Shares, (ii) any
call by Issuer in respect of Shares that are not fully paid, (iii) an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed
in respect of, or becoming separated from, Shares pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or similar transaction or arrangement or (iv) any
other event with a dilutive or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares;

(d) the announcement or consummation of any Tender Offer;

(e) the
announcement by Issuer, or the bona fide announcement by any other Person, of a transaction or event, or series of related transaction(s) or
event(s), that, if consummated, would result in a Merger Event, as determined by Calculation Agent;

- 12 - 

(f) the
announcement of a Delisting or Nationalization, in each case, as determined by Calculation Agent;

(g) the
number of Collateral Shares is [REDACTED] times greater than the ADTV of the Shares at any time (it being understood that if the Calculation Agent
is unable to determine the ADTV on an Exchange Business Day, the number of Collateral Shares shall be deemed to be [REDACTED] times greater than
the ADTV of the Shares at such time); or

(h) the
announcement of any amendment to the terms of the Shares or Issuers Organization Documents that is adverse to the interest of Lender
or any other event that has a material adverse effect on the value of the Shares.

FATCA
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively
comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and
any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement entered into to implement
such Sections of the Code, and any laws, rules and practices adopted by a non-U.S. jurisdiction to effect any such intergovernmental
agreement.

Federal Funds
Effective Rate means, for any day, the weighted average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) of the
rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers, as published
on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a
Business Day, the average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) of the quotations for such day for such transactions
received by Administrative Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it.

Fee Letter
means that certain Fee Letter, dated as of the Commitment Date, by and between Borrower and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A.

Floor
means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification,
amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise). For the avoidance of doubt, the initial Floor shall be [REDACTED]%.

Foreign Lender
means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person.

FRB
means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States.

Fund
means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial
loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities.

Funding Account
means an account to be designated as such by Borrower to Administrative Agent prior to the Funding Date.

- 13 - 

Funding Date
means the first date on which each of the conditions precedent to the Initial Advance in Section 4.01 has been satisfied or waived
in accordance with this terms of this Agreement and the Initial Advance is funded in accordance with Section 2.01(a); provided
that the Funding Date shall not occur on or after the Commitment Termination Date.

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. Governmental Authority means
the government of the United States of America or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and
any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the
European Union or the European Central Bank).

guarantee
means, as to any Person, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of
guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor)
in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or
pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease
property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment
or performance of such Indebtedness or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial
statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such
Indebtedness or other obligation, (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such
Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in
whole or in part) or (v) as an applicant in respect of any letter of credit or letter of credit guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness
or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such
Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness
to obtain any such Lien). The amount of any guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the
related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum
reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term guarantee
as a verb has a corresponding meaning.

Indebtedness
means, as to any Person as of any date of determination, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness
or liabilities in accordance with GAAP, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person
evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments; (b) all direct or contingent payment obligations
of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety
bonds and similar instruments; (c) net payment or delivery obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract; (d) all payment
obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary
course of business and, in each case, not past due for more than ninety (90) days after the date on which such trade account payable was
created); (e) indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person
(including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have
been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse; (f) capital leases and Synthetic Lease Obligations; (g) all obligations
of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Equity Interest in such Person or
any other Person, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred interest, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference
plus accrued and unpaid dividends; and (h) all guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing. For all purposes hereof,
the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is
itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness
is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to
be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. The amount of any capital lease or Synthetic Lease Obligation as of any date shall
be deemed to be the amount of Attributable Debt in respect thereof as of such date.

- 14 - 

Indemnified Taxes
means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of
Borrower under any Margin Loan Documentation and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes.

Indemnitee
has the meaning specified in Section 9.04(b).

Information
has the meaning specified in Section 9.11.

Initial Advance
has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(a).

Initial Commitment
means the commitment of the Initial Lender to fund the Initial Advance in a principal amount not to exceed $140,000,000, subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Commitment Letter.

Initial Lender
means Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., in its capacity as a Lender.

Insolvency Event
means, with respect to any Person, (i) the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up
of, or any analogous proceeding affecting, such Person, (which in the case of an involuntary proceeding, is not stayed or discharged within
60 days), (ii) such Person institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization or the jurisdiction
of its head or home office, or consents to, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors rights with respect to such Person, or any other petition
is presented by any such Person or any creditor of such Person or any Governmental Authority for such Persons liquidation, bankruptcy,
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up (which in each case, where such event is involuntary, such event is not stayed or discharged within
60 days), or (iii) the occurrence of any event of the type set forth in Section 7.01(f) (with references therein to Borrower
being deemed replaced by references to such Person).

- 15 - 

Interest Payment
Date means (a) the last day of each calendar quarter occurring after the Funding Date and (b) the Scheduled Maturity
Date (or, if applicable, any earlier date on which the Total Accrued Loan Amount becomes due and payable pursuant to the terms hereof
(including pursuant to Section 7.01)).

Interest Period
means, for any Advance, each period (a) commencing on, and including, the calendar day immediately following any Interest Payment
Date; provided that the initial Interest Period for such Advance shall commence upon its funding on the Funding Date or the Delayed
Draw Funding Date, as applicable, and (b) ending on, and including, the next succeeding Interest Payment Date.

Investment Company
Act means the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

IRS
means the United States Internal Revenue Service.

Issuer
means Safehold Inc. (formerly known as iStar Inc.), a corporation organized under the laws of Maryland.

Issuer Agreement
means the Issuer Agreement, dated as of the Funding Date, by and between Issuer and Administrative Agent, acting on behalf of itself and
the Lenders, substantially in the form of Exhibit G.

Issuer Material
Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, liabilities or financial condition of
Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the Collateral, or (c) the rights of or benefits available to any Lender under
the Margin Loan Documentation; provided, however, that an Issuer Material Adverse Effect shall not include effects, events or change
directly attributable to (i) the iStar Transactions or (ii) general changes in economic conditions (except to the extent the
effect of such change has a disproportionate effect on the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole).

Issuer Revolver
means the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 12, 2024, among Safehold GL Holdings LLC, as borrower, the Issuer, as guarantor, each
lender and issuing bank from time to time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (as in effect on the Amendment
No. 4 Effective Date).

Issuer Trading
Suspension means the occurrence of [REDACTED] consecutive Disrupted Days.

iStar Transactions
means the transactions described in the transaction description attached as Annex I to the Commitment Letter.

Judgment Currency
has the meaning specified in Section 9.14.

Law
means, with respect to any Person, collectively, all international, foreign, U.S. federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules,
guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration
thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative
orders, directed duties, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case that is
applicable to such Person or such Persons business or operation and whether or not having the force of law.

- 16 - 

Lender
has the meaning specified in the preamble hereto, subject to Section 9.07. As of Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, the Initial
Lender is the sole Lender.

Lender Appointment
Period has the meaning specified in Section 8.06.

Lien
means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, collateral assignment, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority
or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including
any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and
any instrument or arrangement having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing).

LTV Margin Call
Level means 47.5%.

LTV Ratio
means, as of any date of determination, the quotient (expressed as a percentage) of (i) the Net Obligations, divided by (ii) the
Share Collateral Value on such date.

LTV Release Level
means (i) [REDACTED]%, for (a) the release of Permitted Sale Proceeds substantially concurrently with the related Permitted
Sale Transaction and (b) the release of dividend proceeds substantially concurrently with the distribution of such dividends, or
(ii) otherwise, [REDACTED]%.

LTV Reset Level
means [REDACTED]%.

Make-Whole Amount
means, with respect to any Make-Whole Event, an amount equal to the product of (x) the principal amount of any Advance being prepaid
or repaid in connection with such Make-Whole Event, (y) the Applicable Margin and (z) the number of calendar days from, and
including, the date of such prepayment or repayment to, and excluding, the Make-Whole Period End Date, divided by 360.

Make-Whole Event
means (i) any voluntary prepayment of any Advance (including in connection with any refinancing of any Advance or any bona fide repricing
transaction for the primary purpose of reducing the all-in yield of any Advance) by or on behalf of Borrower or (ii) any payment
in respect of any Advance by or on behalf of Borrower following acceleration of any Advance as a result of an Event of Default, in each
case, in whole or in part, prior to the Make- Whole Period End Date.

Make-Whole Period
End Date means [REDACTED].

Mandatory Prepayment
Event means any of the following (it being understood that in no event shall a transaction expressly contemplated by the
iStar Transactions or the Merger Agreement (as in effect on the Commitment Date) to be consummated on the Funding Date constitute a Mandatory
Prepayment Event):

(a) the consummation of a Merger Event;

- 17 - 

(b) the occurrence of a Change of Control;

(c) an Insolvency Event with respect to Issuer;

(d) a Nationalization;

(e) a Delisting;

(f) the announcement or effectiveness of a Material Status Change;

(g) an Issuer Trading Suspension;

(h) a Share Price Event; or

(i) a
Facility Adjustment Event in respect of which Calculation Agent (or any Lender pursuant to the last paragraph of Section 9.01) determines
that no adjustment could be made to the terms of the Facility pursuant to Section 9.01 that would produce a commercially reasonable
result.

Margin Loan Documentation
means, collectively, this Agreement, the Security Agreements, the Account Control Agreements, the Fee Letter, the Issuer Agreement, the
Borrowing Notice and each agreement or instrument delivered pursuant to the foregoing or the Collateral Requirement.

Margin Regulations
means Regulation U and Regulation X.

Market Disruption
Event means an Early Closure, an Exchange Disruption or a Trading Disruption.

Material Adverse
Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, liabilities or financial condition of Borrower,
(b) the ability of Borrower to perform any of its monetary obligations under the Margin Loan Documentation, (c) the Collateral,
any Lenders Liens on the Collateral or the priority of such Liens, or (d) the rights of or benefits available to any Lender
under the Margin Loan Documentation.

Material Nonpublic
Information means information regarding Issuer and its Subsidiaries that is not generally available to the public that
a reasonable investor would likely consider important in deciding whether to buy, sell or hold Shares.

Material Status
Change means, after the Funding Date, an amendment to Issuers Organization Documents, entry into a new agreement
or modification to an existing agreement, or any other event or condition, in each case, that imposes a new Transfer Restriction or modifies
an Existing Transfer Restriction on any Collateral Shares, if, in any such case, Calculation Agent determines that there is a material
risk that such imposition or modification would (a) materially reduce the amount of proceeds an Applicable Lender would realize upon
a foreclosure on the Collateral, (b) materially delay the ability of an Applicable Lender to realize such proceeds upon a foreclosure
on the Collateral, (c) materially limit (i) the remedies that would be available to an Applicable Lender following an Event
of Default, (ii) the type of potential purchasers that are permitted to purchase the Collateral Shares or (iii) the number of
Collateral Shares that any potential purchasers would be permitted to purchase or (d) impose any restriction or condition on the
holding or transfer of securities entitlements in respect of Collateral Shares or upon Custodian as registered owner of any Collateral
Shares.

- 18 - 

Maximum Initial
LTV Level means [REDACTED]%.

Maximum Rate
has the meaning specified in Section 9.16.

Maximum Reference
Price means $[REDACTED].

Merger Agreement
means that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and between Safehold Inc. and iStar Inc., dated as of the Commitment Date, as in effect
on the Commitment Date.

Merger Event
means any transaction or event, or series of related transaction(s) and/or event(s), that is, or results in, (i) a reclassification
or change of the Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of the Shares outstanding to another
Person, (ii) (A) a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of Issuer with or into, or a sale or other
disposition of all or substantially all of Issuers consolidated assets to, another Person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation,
merger or binding share exchange in which Issuer is the continuing Person and the Shares are not exchanged for, or converted into, any
other securities or property) or (B) any acquisition or similar transaction (including pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation,
merger or binding share exchange) by Issuer or any Subsidiary thereof, excluding (a) any transaction between Issuer and any of its
wholly owned Subsidiaries or among any such wholly owned Subsidiaries, (b) any transaction for which (x) the Shares are not
exchanged for, or converted into, any other securities or property, and (y) the enterprise value of the Person or Persons being acquired
(or, in the case of an acquisition of assets, the fair market value thereof) is less than 50% of the enterprise value of Issuer, in each
case, as of the date on which the transaction is announced, as determined by Calculation Agent and (c) any acquisition of a portfolio
of ground leases and/or real properties intended for conversion to ground leases, or (iii) a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange
offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any Person in which such Person purchases or obtains 100% of the outstanding Shares (other
than such Shares owned or controlled by such other Person), in each case, as determined by Calculation Agent; provided that any
merger of Issuer effected solely for the purpose, and with the sole effect, of changing Issuers jurisdiction of incorporation that
results in a reclassification, conversion or exchange of outstanding Shares solely into shares of common stock of the surviving entity
shall not be a Merger Event.

Merger Lockup
means the Transfer Restrictions contemplated by Section 2.1 of the Form of Governance Agreement, pursuant to the copy attached
as Exhibit B to the Merger Agreement (as in effect on the Commitment Date); provided that such Transfer Restrictions do not
apply to any of the Lenders in connection with the exercise by such Lenders of any remedies available to them pursuant to the Margin Loan
Documentation.

Moodys
means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. Nationalization means, as determined
by Calculation Agent, any transaction or event, or series of related transaction(s) and/or event(s), that is or results in any Governmental
Authority condemning, nationalizing, seizing or otherwise expropriating all or any substantial part of the property, Equity Interests
or other assets of Issuer.

- 19 - 

Net Obligations
means, as of any date of determination, the Total Loan Principal Amount on such date, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon,
if any, less the sum of (i) the face amount of all Cash credited to the Collateral Accounts on such date, (ii) [REDACTED]%
of the aggregate fair market value of Cash Equivalents constituting Acceptable Collateral on such date, as determined by Calculation Agent,
(iii) [REDACTED]% of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under any Eligible Letters of Credit that have been issued for the
benefit of the Applicable Lenders and (iv) the Required Sale Proceeds Amount with respect to all Permitted Sale Transactions (if
any) that have been executed, and as to which Borrower has provided Calculation Agent with a trade ticket (which may be in the form of
a screenshot delivered by electronic mail) evidencing such execution, prior to 5:00 p.m. on such date and as to which the scheduled
settlement date (or, if earlier, the actual settlement date) has not occurred as of such date.

Net PIK Amount
means, initially zero Dollars, (i) as increased, from time to time, by the aggregate amount of any interest paid in kind pursuant
to clause (i) of the proviso in the first sentence of Section 2.03(a), and (ii) as reduced from time to time, but not below
zero Dollars, by the aggregate amount of any prepayment of principal pursuant to Section 2.06(a).

Notice Deadline
means 8:00 p.m.

Obligations
means all Advances and all debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants, indemnifications, and duties of Borrower arising under any Margin
Loan Documentation or otherwise with respect to all Advances, in each case whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption),
absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the
commencement by or against Borrower of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming Borrower as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless
of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding.

Ordinary Cash
Dividend means any regular, periodic dividend, as determined by Calculation Agent.

Organization
Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws
(or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability
company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization, and the limited liability company agreement or operating agreement;
and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or
other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in
connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization
and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity.

- 20 - 

Other Connection
Taxes means Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between a Lender and the jurisdiction imposing
such Tax (other than connections arising from such Lender having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under,
received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any
Margin Loan Documentation, or sold or assigned an interest in any Advance or Margin Loan Documentation).

Other Taxes
means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made
under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest
under, or otherwise with respect to, any Margin Loan Documentation, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with
respect to an assignment.

Parent
means STAR Holdings, a Maryland statutory trust.

Parent Credit
Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2023, between the Parent, as borrower, and the
Issuer, as Lender.

Participant
has the meaning specified in Section 9.07(c).

Participant Register
has the meaning specified in Section 9.07(c).

Pension Plan
means any employee benefit plan that is subject to Title IV of ERISA, Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA which
is or was sponsored, maintained or contributed to by, or required to be contributed to by, Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates.

Permitted Assignee
means [REDACTED].

Permitted Liens
means (a) Liens imposed by Law for Taxes that are not yet due or for Taxes being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings
and with respect to which adequate reserves are provided in conformity with GAAP, (b) Liens granted to the Applicable Lenders or
Custodian pursuant to the Security Agreements and Account Control Agreements, (c) Liens routinely imposed on all securities by Custodian,
to the extent permitted under the Account Control Agreements, (d) with respect to any deposit account of Borrower that does not constitute,
or contain, Collateral, any customary Lien in favor of the depositary bank and (e) Liens imposed by the REIT Ownership Restrictions.

Permitted Sale
Proceeds has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(d)(i)(A).

Permitted Sale
Transaction has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(d)(i)(A).

Person
means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental
Authority or other entity.

PIK Election
has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(a).

- 21 - 

PIK Interest
Period means the Interest Period immediately succeeding any Interest Period with respect to which Borrower has made a PIK
Election for all or any portion of any Advance.

Plan Asset Regulation
means Department of Labor Regulation 29 C.F. R. Section 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended.

Platform
means Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak or a substantially similar electronic transmission system.

Pro Rata Basis
means (i) for purposes of determining the allocation of Collateral of any type among the Collateral Accounts controlled by the Applicable
Lenders, in proportion to each Applicable Lenders Applicable Percentage (in each case, taken together with the Applicable Percentages
of all Agented Lenders with respect to such Applicable Lender), (ii) for purposes of determining the allocation of interest payments
among Lenders, in proportion to the interest that has accrued and remains unpaid on each Lenders portion of any Advance and (iii) for
all other purposes, in proportion to each Lenders Applicable Percentage, subject, in each case, to rounding to the nearest Share,
USD 0.01 or item or unit of other securities or property, as applicable.

Proposed Adjustment
Notice has the meaning specified in Section 9.01.

Reference Price
means, at any time on any date of determination, the lower of (x) Closing Sale Price (a) on that date of determination, in the
event that such determination is made after 4:00 p.m. on any Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and (b) otherwise,
on the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and (y) the Maximum Reference Price. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Reference Price on any Extended MDE Day shall be the lower of (x) (a) the Reference
Price on the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day multiplied by (b) (I) 100% less
(II) the product of (1) 5.0% and (2) (A) the number of Extended MDE Days that have occurred consecutively up to, and
including, such Extended MDE Day minus (B) one and (y) the Maximum Reference Price.

Register
has the meaning specified in Section 9.07(b).

Regulation U
means Regulation U issued by the FRB.

Regulation X
means Regulation X issued by the FRB.

REIT Ownership
Restrictions means the restrictions on transfer and ownership of capital stock of the Issuer, including Shares, contained
in Article VII of the Issuers Organization Documents immediately after the effective time of the merger contemplated by the
Merger Agreement; provided that such restrictions do not apply to the pledge of Shares to any Lender or any foreclosure on the
Shares by a Lender so long as such foreclosure is conducted in accordance with the terms of the Margin Loan Documentation.

- 22 - 

Related Parties
means, with respect to any Person, such Persons Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees and
advisors of such Person and of such Persons Affiliates.

Required Lenders
means, at any time, Lenders with Applicable Percentages that in the aggregate exceed 50%, subject to Section 2.13.

Required Sale
Proceeds Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(d)(i)(B).

Rescindable Amount
has the meaning specified in Section 8.08(a).

Resolution Authority
means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

Responsible Officer
means, with respect to any Person, any of the chief executive officer, chairman, president, chief financial officer, chief strategy officer,
chief compliance officer, chief legal officer, accounting officer, general counsel and secretary, treasurer, executive vice president,
senior vice president, vice president, secretary, assistant secretary or director of such Person.

Restrictive Condition
means (i) any shareholders agreement, voting agreement, investor rights agreement, lock-up agreement or any similar agreement relating
to Shares and (ii) any restriction, condition or requirement (whether or not under any law, rule, regulation, regulatory order or
Organization Documents or contracts) relating to Shares a holder thereof (whether beneficial, constructive or otherwise) or any pledgee
thereof would be subject to, including without limitation, any registration requirement, ownership limitation, reporting or informational
requirement or mandatory redemption or transfer.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 under the Securities Act.

S&P
means Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC, and any successor thereto.

Sanctioned Country
means, at any time, a country or territory which is the subject or target of comprehensive Sanctions (at the date of this Agreement, the
so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, Crimea, Kherson and Zaporizhzhia regions of Ukraine,
Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria).

Sanctioned Person
means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European
Union, or His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country,
(c) any Person 50 percent (50%) or more owned or controlled by one or more Persons identified in (a), or (d) any Person that
is otherwise the target of Sanctions.

- 23 - 

Sanctions
means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (i) the U.S. government,
including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of
State or (ii) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, or His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom.

Scheduled Maturity
Date means the fifth anniversary of the Funding Date.

Scheduled Trading
Day means any day on which the Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session or, in the
event that the Shares are not listed, traded or quoted on any Designated Exchange, any Business Day.

Securities Act
means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Security Agreements
means those certain Security Agreements, in each case dated as of the Funding Date (or any later date on which any Person becomes an Applicable
Lender), among Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Calculation Agent and an Applicable Lender, as collateral agent, substantially
in the form of Exhibit B, as amended from time to time.

Separateness
Provisions has the meaning specified in Borrowers Organization Documents.

Set-off Party
has the meaning specified in Section 9.13.

Share Collateral
Value means, at any time of determination, (i) from January 23, 2025 to and including January 23, 2026,
the sum of (1) the product of (a) the number of Collateral Shares other than Amendment No. 3 Shares then constituting Acceptable
Collateral, excluding any of such Collateral Shares that have been sold pursuant to any Permitted Sale Transaction and remain in the Collateral
Accounts pending settlement thereof multiplied by (b) the Reference Price at such time of determination, plus (2) the
product of (a) the number of Amendment No. 3 Shares then constituting Acceptable Collateral, excluding any of such Amendment
No. 3 Shares that have been sold pursuant to any Permitted Sale Transaction and remain in the Collateral Accounts pending settlement
thereof, multiplied by (b) 90% of the Reference Price at such time of determination, expressed as a dollar amount (i.e., the
Reference Price multiplied by 0.9), and (ii) thereafter, the product of (a) the number of Collateral Shares then constituting
Acceptable Collateral, excluding any Collateral Shares that have been sold pursuant to any Permitted Sale Transaction and remain in the
Collateral Accounts pending settlement thereof, multiplied by (b) the Reference Price at such time of determination.

Share Price Event
means, on any Exchange Business Day or Extended MDE Day, that the Closing Sale Price for such Exchange Business Day is less than the Share
Price Trigger Threshold.

Share Price Trigger
Threshold means $10.00.

Shares
means the shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Issuer. SOFR means a rate equal to the secured
overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator.

SOFR Administrator
means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).

- 24 - 

Spin-off
means any distribution, issuance or dividend to holders of the Shares of any capital stock or other securities of another issuer owned
(directly or indirectly) by Issuer or any Subsidiary thereof.

Split-off
means any exchange offer by Issuer or any Subsidiary thereof for Shares in which the consideration to be delivered to exchanging holders
of the Shares is capital stock or other securities of another issuer owned (directly or indirectly) by Issuer.

Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which the majority of the
Equity Interests having by the terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or other persons performing
similar functions of such corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity (irrespective of whether or not at the time
securities or other ownership interests of any other class or classes of such corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other
entity shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time directly or indirectly owned
or controlled by such Person or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person or by such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person.

Swap Contract
means (a) any and all rate swap transaction, swap option, basis swap, forward rate transaction, commodity swap, commodity option,
equity or equity index swap, equity or equity index option, bond option, interest rate option, foreign exchange transaction, cap transaction,
floor transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross-currency rate swap transaction, currency option, credit protection
transaction, credit swap, credit default swap, credit default option, total return swap, credit spread transaction, repurchase transaction,
reverse repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back transaction, securities lending transaction, weather index transaction or forward purchase
or sale of a security, commodity or other financial instrument or interest (including any option with respect to any of these transactions),
whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind,
and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master
agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement), including
any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement.

Swap Termination
Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable
netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out
and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date
referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based
upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may
include any Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender).

- 25 - 

Synthetic Lease
Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so- called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention
lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property (including sale and leaseback transactions), in each case, creating
obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the application of any Debtor Relief Laws to such Person,
would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment).

Taxes
means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees
or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Tender Offer
means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event that results in a person or
group becomes the beneficial owner (all within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
and the rules promulgated thereunder) of more than 20% of the total voting power of all classes of common equity entitled to vote
generally in elections of directors of Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent; provided that, to the extent that any such
person was the beneficial owner of shares of Safehold Inc. on the Commitment Date, such person owns more than 20% of the total voting
power in excess of its voting power on the Commitment Date, as reported pursuant to any filing on the Exchange Act.

Term Sheet
means that certain term sheet attached as Exhibit A to the Commitment Letter.

Term SOFR
means the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic
Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such
Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New
York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published
by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term
SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government
Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator, so long as
such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days
prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day; provided, further, that if Term SOFR determined as provided above shall ever
be less than the Floor, then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor.

Term SOFR Administrator
means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by Administrative
Agent in its reasonable discretion).

Term SOFR Reference
Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR.

Threshold Amount
means $1,000,000.

Total Accrued
Loan Amount means, at any time, the Total Loan Principal Amount, together with accrued and unpaid (or uncapitalized) interest
thereon, accrued and unpaid fees, and all reimbursable expenses and other Obligations together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon
to such time.

- 26 - 

Total Loan Principal
Amount means, at any time, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of any Advance (including, for the avoidance of doubt,
any interest that has been paid in kind).

Trading Disruption
means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the Exchange on any Scheduled Trading Day (whether by reason of movements
in price exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or otherwise) relating to the Shares.

Transactions
means the execution, delivery and performance by Borrower of the Margin Loan Documentation, the grant of the security interest contemplated
hereby or thereby and all transactions contemplated under the Margin Loan Documentation, including the borrowing of any Advance and use
of proceeds thereof.

Transfer Restrictions
means, with respect to any item of Collateral, any condition to or restriction on the ability of the direct or indirect owner or any pledgee
thereof to pledge, sell, assign or otherwise transfer such item of Collateral or enforce the provisions thereof or of any document related
thereto whether set forth in such item of Collateral itself or in any document related thereto, including, without limitation, (i) any
requirement that any sale, assignment or other transfer or enforcement for such item of Collateral be consented to or approved by any
Person, including, without limitation, the issuer thereof or any other obligor thereon, (ii) any limitation on the type or status,
financial or otherwise, of any purchaser, pledgee, assignee or transferee of such item of Collateral, (iii) any requirement for the
delivery of any certificate, consent, agreement, opinion of counsel, notice or any other document of any Person to the issuer of, any
other obligor on or any registrar or transfer agent for, such item of Collateral, prior to the sale, pledge, assignment or other transfer
or enforcement of such item of Collateral, and (iv) any registration or qualification requirement or prospectus delivery requirement
for such item of Collateral pursuant to any federal, state, local or foreign securities law (including, without limitation, any such requirement
arising under Section 5 of the Securities Act as a result of such item of Collateral being a restricted security or
Borrower being an affiliate of the issuer of such item of Collateral, as such terms are defined in Rule 144).

UCC
means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York; provided that, if perfection or the effect of perfection
or non-perfection or the priority of any security interest in any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in
a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in
such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection, effect of perfection or nonperfection or priority.

UK Financial
Institutions means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time)
promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended
from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment
firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms.

- 27 - 

UK Resolution
Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution
of any UK Financial Institution.

United States
and U.S. mean the United States of America.

Unused Delayed
Draw Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(c).

U.S. Government
Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire
day for purposes of trading in United States government securities.

U.S. Person
means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

Write-Down and
Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of
such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down
and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers
of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any
UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into
shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect
as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In
Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers.

Section 1.02. Times
of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to New York City time (daylight
or standard, as applicable).

Section 1.03. Terms
Generally.

(a) The
definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require,
any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes
and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will
shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any
definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument
or other document as from time to time amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions
on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein) unless otherwise indicated, (b) except to the extent Agents
or any Lenders consent is required as provided herein, any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons
successors and assigns, (c) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar
import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references
herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules
to, this Agreement and the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect
and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. In
the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, unless expressly specified otherwise, the word from
means from and including the words to and until each mean to but excluding and
the word through means to and including.

- 28 - 

(b) Article and
Section headings herein and in the other Margin Loan Documentation are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect
the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Margin Loan Documentation.

(c) Determinations,
consents, approvals or any other actions or non-actions taken by or determined by any Agent or Lender shall be made in good faith and,
unless otherwise stated herein, its reasonable discretion.

Section 1.04. Accounting
Terms; GAAP. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed
in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, if Borrower notifies Administrative Agent, who shall give
to each Lender prompt notice thereof, that Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change
occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if Administrative Agent,
upon the request of any Lender, notifies Borrower that such Lender requests an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless
of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted
on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have
been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith.

Article 2

AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE ADVANCES

Section 2.01. The
Advances.

(a) Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender made a loan in Dollars to Borrower on the Funding Date in the amount of such
Lenders Initial Commitment by making immediately available funds available to Administrative Agent (or an account designated by
Administrative Agent) (such loan, collectively with such loans of all other Lenders, the Initial Advance).
After Administrative Agents receipt of such funds on the Funding Date, and upon fulfillment of the conditions set forth in Article 4,
Administrative Agent made such funds as it had received available to Borrower by depositing such funds into the Funding Account. Following
the making of the Initial Advance to Borrower on the Funding Date, the unused portion of the Initial Commitment was permanently terminated.

- 29 - 

(b) Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (i) each Lender severally agrees to make a loan in Dollars to Borrower from time to
time on any Delayed Draw Funding Date during the Delayed Draw Availability Period in the amount of such Lenders Delayed Draw Commitment
by making immediately available funds available to Administrative Agent (or an account designated by Administrative Agent) (such loan,
collectively with such loans of all other Lenders, the Delayed Draw Advance). After Administrative Agents
receipt of such funds on any Delayed Draw Funding Date, and upon fulfillment of the conditions set forth in Article 4, Administrative
Agent shall make such funds as it has received available to Borrower by depositing such funds into the Funding Account; provided that,
if so requested by Borrower in the Borrowing Notice, and subject to fulfillment of the conditions set forth in Article 4, each Lender
shall make its respective portion of the Delayed Draw Advance available to Borrower by depositing such funds into the Funding Account;
provided, further, that Administrative Agent or each Lender, as the case may be, shall, at Borrowers request, net
the Delayed Draw Advance (or its applicable portion thereof) due to Borrower against any amount payable by Borrower to such Lender hereunder
in accordance with such Lenders respective Applicable Percentage. On the Delayed Draw Termination Date, the unused portion of the
Delayed Draw Commitment, if any, shall be permanently terminated.

(c) Any
Advance or any portion thereof, once prepaid or repaid, may not be reborrowed.

(d) Subject
to Section 2.14, all Advances shall be SOFR Advances.

(e) No
later than 5:00 p.m. on the date at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date on which any Advance will be required to
be made hereunder (or such shorter period as Administrative Agent may agree), Borrower shall notify Administrative Agent of its request
for any Advance on the Funding Date or any Delayed Draw Funding Date, as applicable, by providing a Borrowing Notice; provided
that the principal amount of each Advance so requested shall not be less than $1,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof
(or the remaining Delayed Draw Commitment if the outstanding principal amount of Delayed Draw Commitments is less than $1,000,000). Administrative
Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its portion of any Advance in accordance with such Lenders Applicable
Percentage.

Section 2.02. Repayment
of Advances. Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to Administrative Agent (or to an account designated by Administrative
Agent) the Total Accrued Loan Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date or any earlier date on which the Total Accrued Loan Amount becomes
due and payable pursuant to the terms hereof (including pursuant to Section 7.01). Administrative Agent shall promptly notify
each Lender of the amount of such Lenders Applicable Percentage of such repayment. After Administrative Agents receipt of
the entire amount of the repayment, Administrative Agent shall transfer the repayment to each Lender, in accordance with such Lenders
Applicable Percentage.

Section 2.03. Interest.

(a) Ordinary
Interest. The principal amount of any Advance shall accrue interest at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Rate, and such
interest shall be payable, subject to Section 5.11, in cash on each Interest Payment Date; provided that if Borrower elects
(such election, a PIK Election), by written notice to Administrative Agent at least three (3) Business
Days prior to any Interest Payment Date, with respect to all or any portion of such interest that would otherwise be payable on such Interest
Payment Date, subject to Section 5.11, to pay such interest in kind, such interest shall be paid in kind, in which case (i) the
amount of such interest (or the portion thereof) that will be paid in kind will be added, as of such Interest Payment Date, to the outstanding
principal amount of any Advance (provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that the addition of such interest to the outstanding principal
amount of any Advance shall not result in a reduction in the unused portion of the Delayed Draw Commitments), and (ii) the remainder
of such interest (if any) shall continue to be payable in cash on such Interest Payment Date. The total amount of interest due on each
Interest Payment Date shall be computed by Calculation Agent on the immediately preceding Business Day, calculated on the basis of the
actual days elapsed and a year of 360 days.

- 30 - 

(b) Default
Interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any amount is not paid when due hereunder, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration
or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a rate per annum equal at all times to two percent (2%) above the Applicable
Rate from the date such amount was due to but excluding the date that such amount shall be paid in full, payable on demand (and in any
event in arrears on the date such amount shall be paid in full).

Section 2.04. Fees.
(a) Borrower shall pay the fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon in the Fee Letters.

(b) Upon
the occurrence of any Make-Whole Event, Borrower shall, at the time of the related prepayment or repayment of any Advance, pay to Administrative
Agent, for the ratable account of each Lender in accordance with such Lenders Applicable Percentage, the related Make-Whole Amount.

(c) Borrower
agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender, a fee (the Unused Delayed Draw Fee)
on the average daily unused amount of the Delayed Draw Commitment of such Lender, which shall accrue at a rate per annum equal to [REDACTED].

Section 2.05. Interest
Rate Determinations. Administrative Agent shall give notice to Borrower and each Lender of the applicable interest rates for the
purposes of Section 2.03 and any calculation related thereto.

Section 2.06. Prepayments
of Advances; Collateral Shortfall; Withdrawal of Collateral.

(a) Borrower
may prepay the outstanding principal amount of any Advance (including with Cash held as Collateral), in whole or in part, together with
accrued and unpaid (or uncapitalized) interest thereon, the applicable Make-Whole Amount, if any, payable under Section 2.04(b) and
any amount due under Section 2.07(f) (and, in the case of a prepayment of any Advance in full, all other Obligations that are
then due and payable or will become due and payable on account of such prepayment), at any time and from time to time upon notice thereof
given to Administrative Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable), who shall give to each Lender prompt notice thereof, by Borrower not
later than 12:00 p.m. on the date three (3) Business Days prior to the date of any such prepayment; provided, however,
that (i) each prepayment shall be made on a Pro Rata Basis and (ii) each partial prepayment of any Advance shall be in an aggregate
principal amount of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof (or the remaining Advance if the outstanding principal
amount of any Advance is less than $5,000,000). Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.06(a) to the contrary, the notice
requirements and prepayment minimum amount requirements shall be waived with respect to any prepayment made pursuant to Section 2.06(c)(ii),
Section 2.06(d)(i)(B) or Section 5.11. Each notice of prepayment delivered by Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.06(a) shall
be irrevocable, except that it may be conditioned upon a transaction (including a refinancing) to be closed or consummated in connection
with such prepayment and may be revoked by Borrower prior to the effective date thereof.

- 31 - 

(b) Following
the occurrence of any Mandatory Prepayment Event, Administrative Agent may, or upon request of any Lender shall, provide written notice
to Borrower that it is requiring a prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.06(b) in connection therewith (such notice, a Mandatory
Prepayment Event Notice). On the second (2nd) Business Day immediately following delivery of such Mandatory
Prepayment Event Notice, Borrower shall pay to Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 2.11 the Total Accrued Loan Amount.

(c) (i) If
a Collateral Shortfall occurs on any date (including any date after a Collateral Call Notice has been given, but prior to the Cure Time),
Administrative Agent may, or at the request of any Lender, shall (or, if Administrative Agent fails to do so promptly when so requested,
any Lender may), deliver a notice in the form set forth in Exhibit D hereto to Borrower and all other Lenders of the occurrence
of such Collateral Shortfall (such notice, a Collateral Call Notice) not later than 8:00 p.m. on such
date; provided that any failure to so deliver a copy of a Collateral Call Notice to any Lender shall not invalidate the effectiveness
of such Collateral Shortfall Notice. Upon Borrowers receipt of any Collateral Call Notice in accordance with Section 9.02,
Borrower shall, prior to the applicable Cure Time, take any combination of the following actions in an aggregate amount sufficient to
cause the LTV Ratio (determined based on the Reference Price as in effect on the date that the Collateral Shortfall occurred) to be less
than or equal to the LTV Reset Level:

(A) post,
or cause the posting of, Cash or Cash Equivalents that constitute Acceptable Collateral to the Collateral Accounts and/or provide Eligible
Letters of Credit to the Applicable Lenders, in each case, on a Pro Rata Basis;

(B) prepay
all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of any Advance on a Pro Rata Basis; and/or

(C) provide
Calculation Agent with one or more trade tickets (which may be in the form of screenshots delivered via electronic mail) evidencing the
execution of one or more Permitted Sale Transactions.

Borrower and each
Applicable Lender shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that Custodian provides online informational access (or, if such
online access is not available, to timely deliver account statements and advices of transactions) for all Collateral Accounts to Administrative
Agent.

- 32 - 

(ii) Not
later than 1:00 p.m. on the Scheduled Trading Day following the first Scheduled Trading Day on which Borrower has received (in accordance
with Section 9.02) the relevant Collateral Call Notice by the Notice Deadline, Borrower shall deliver a notice in the form of Exhibit K
to Administrative Agent (which notice may be given by email) (x) acknowledging Borrowers receipt of such Collateral Call Notice,
(y) confirming that Borrower will cure the relevant Collateral Shortfall prior to the relevant Cure Time and (z) stating the
manner in which Borrower intends to cure such Collateral Shortfall (including whether it will take the actions set forth in Section 2.06(c)(i) above
and whether such Collateral Shortfall will be cured by cash from an Affiliate of Borrower borrowing under the Issuer Revolver).

(d) Borrower
shall only be permitted to request the release of Collateral if (x) Borrower delivers written notice of such release to Administrative
Agent (who shall give to each Applicable Lender prompt notice thereof) at or before 12:00 p.m. on the second (2nd) Business Day prior
to the requested date of the release and specifying which Collateral is to be released, and Administrative Agent is reasonably satisfied
that the additional conditions set forth in one of clauses (i) through (ii) below are met (in which case Administrative Agent
shall promptly so notify each Applicable Lender):

(i) Borrower
may request the release, on a Pro Rata Basis, of any of the Collateral Shares from the Collateral Accounts as long as:

(A) the
Collateral Shares are being released on a Pro Rata Basis from the Collateral Accounts solely for the purposes of settling sales of such
Collateral Shares for Cash at fair market value (taking into account any commercially reasonable block discount and underwriting or similar
fees and related transaction expenses) on an arms-length basis where the scheduled settlement date for each such sale (excluding
registered offerings that settle on a settlement cycle that is customary for registered offerings) is no later than one then-standard
settlement cycle on the Exchange following execution of such sale (unless each Lender consents, in its sole discretion, to a later settlement
date) (it being understood that a T+2 settlement cycle shall be deemed to be standard for purposes hereof) (any such sale,
a Permitted Sale Transaction and any proceeds from such sale, Permitted Sale Proceeds);

(B) Permitted
Sale Proceeds will be paid, on a delivery versus payment basis against the delivery of the relevant Collateral Shares from the relevant
Collateral Accounts or pursuant to escrow arrangements reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent in accordance with Section and
solely with respect to a request made in connection with a Collateral Call Notice, (1) used to prepay Borrowers Obligations
on a Pro Rata Basis or be deposited to the relevant Collateral Accounts on a Pro Rata Basis, in each case, in an amount sufficient to
cause the LTV Ratio (determined based on the lower of the Reference Price as in effect at the time of execution of such Permitted Sale
Transaction and the lowest price per Share paid in such Permitted Sale Transaction) immediately following such release to be less than
or equal to the LTV Reset Level and (2) if any payment is required pursuant to sub-clause (1) above, make any payment that is
or will be required under Section 5.11 in connection with such sale in accordance therewith (such aggregate amount pursuant to clauses
(1) and (2), the Required Sale Proceeds Amount);

- 33 - 

(C) other
than a request made in connection with a Collateral Call Notice, on the date of such request, the LTV Ratio shall have been lower than
the LTV Release Level for the previous five (5) consecutive Exchange Business Days, and the LTV Ratio before, and immediately after,
giving effect to such release shall not exceed the LTV Release Level; provided that, if the LTV Ratio exceeds the LTV Release Level
as of the date of such request, the amount of the Required Sale Proceeds Amount shall be deemed sufficient to establish an LTV Ratio that
is equal to or less than the LTV Release Level pursuant to this clause (C); and

(D) (x) no
Mandatory Prepayment Event shall have occurred (unless such Mandatory Prepayment Event has been cured or waived), no Adjustment Determination
Period shall have occurred and be continuing and no Default, Event of Default or Collateral Shortfall (with respect to a request made
other than in connection with a Collateral Call Notice) shall have occurred and be continuing and (y) none of the foregoing would
result from such release.

To facilitate a
sale of Collateral Shares pursuant to this Section 2.06(d)(i), each Applicable Lender shall release its Lien over the Collateral
Shares being sold immediately upon its receipt of the related Required Sale Proceeds Amount, and shall, if required, enter into any escrow
or other arrangement reasonably satisfactory to such Applicable Lender with the broker or dealer through whom such Shares are being sold.
Each Applicable Lender shall cooperate with Borrower in effecting any rebalancing pursuant to Section 2.15.

(ii) Borrower
may request a release of Cash or Cash Equivalents (including, without limitation, the proceeds of any Eligible Letter of Credit (to the
extent drawn)) that constitute Collateral on a Pro Rata Basis, as long as:

(A) on
the date of such request, the LTV Ratio shall have been lower than the LTV Release Level for the previous five (5) consecutive Exchange
Business Days;

(B) the
LTV Ratio before, and immediately after, giving effect to such release shall not exceed the LTV Release Level; and

- 34 - 

(C) (x) no
Mandatory Prepayment Event shall have occurred (unless such Mandatory Prepayment Event has been cured or waived), no Adjustment Determination
Period shall have occurred and be continuing and no Default, Event of Default or Collateral Shortfall shall have occurred and be continuing
and (y) none of the foregoing would result from such release.

(e) Posting
Additional Collateral.

(i) On
at least two (2) Business Days notice, Borrower may post Cash or Cash Equivalents constituting Acceptable Collateral to the
Collateral Accounts, or provide Eligible Letters of Credit to the Applicable Lenders, at any time; provided that each type of Collateral
shall be posted to the Collateral Accounts, and any Eligible Letters of Credit shall be issued for the benefit of the Applicable Lenders,
on a Pro Rata Basis.

(ii) If
any Eligible Letter of Credit that is issued for the benefit of an Applicable Lender is (x) not renewed, extended or replaced with
another Eligible Letter of Credit with an equivalent face amount on or prior to the date that is thirty (30) days prior to its stated
expiry date or (y) the issuer thereof no longer constitutes an Acceptable Letter of Credit Issuer, the Applicable Lender to which
such Eligible Letter of Credit is provided is and shall be authorized to draw the full stated amount of such Eligible Letter of Credit
and deposit the proceeds thereof into the applicable Collateral Account as Collateral.

(iii) Borrower
shall cause Issuer to deposit into or credit directly to the Collateral Accounts on a Pro Rata Basis or, in the case of any property or
assets other than Cash, Cash Equivalents, securities and securities entitlements, deliver to the relevant Applicable Lenders (subject
to their reasonable delivery instructions) on a Pro Rata Basis, any Ordinary Cash Dividend or Extraordinary Distribution paid or distributed
on any Collateral Shares, or any securities or securities entitlements (x) exchanged for, or delivered upon conversion of, any Collateral
Shares in a Merger Event or (y) delivered in respect of any Collateral Shares in connection with a Spin-off. If any such Cash, Cash
Equivalents, securities, securities entitlements or other property or assets are received by Borrower or any Affiliate thereof for any
reason, Borrower shall, or shall cause such Affiliate to, make such deposit or delivery as promptly as practicable and in any event no
later than two (2) Business Days following such receipt (and pending such delivery, shall hold such property in trust for the Applicable
Lenders), subject, in each case, to any subsequent release thereof in accordance with Section 2.06(d). Borrower shall not tender
any Collateral Shares in any exchange offer (including, without limitation, a Split-off) without the consent of each Lender, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

Section 2.07. Increased
Costs; Break Funding. (a) If any Change in Law shall:

(i) impose,
modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge
or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender;

- 35 - 

(ii) impose
on any Lender any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or any Advance made by such Lender or participation
therein; or

(iii) subject
any Lender or Administrative Agent to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through
(d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, commitments, or other
obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto;

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be
to increase the cost to any Lender or Administrative Agent of making or maintaining any Advance hereunder (or of maintaining its Commitment)
or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by any Lender or Administrative Agent hereunder (whether of principal, interest
or otherwise), then Borrower will pay to such Lender or Administrative Agent such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such
Lender or Administrative Agent for such reasonable additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.

(b) If
a Lender determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate
of return on such Lenders capital or on the capital of such Lenders holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement
or any Advance made by such Lender, to a level below that which such Lender or such Lenders holding company could have achieved
but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders policies and the policies of such Lenders holding company
with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time, upon written request from such Lender, Borrower will pay to such
Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lenders holding company for any such reduction.

(c) A
certificate of a Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the amount or amounts (and the calculation thereof) necessary to compensate
such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 2.07 shall
be delivered to Administrative Agent, who shall deliver or cause to be delivered such certificate to Borrower. Such certificate shall
be conclusive absent manifest error. Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days
after receipt thereof.

(d) Failure
or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.07 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders
right to demand such compensation; provided that Borrower shall not be required to compensate such Lender pursuant to this Section 2.07
for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies Borrower of the Change in
Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders intention to claim compensation therefor; provided,
further, that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred
to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.

- 36 - 

(e) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if any Lender requests compensation under this Section 2.07 or Borrower must pay increased amounts or any amounts
for Indemnified Taxes pursuant to Section 2.08, then the applicable Lender will, if requested by Borrower, use commercially reasonable
efforts to designate another lending office for any Advance, or portion thereof, affected by the relevant event if, in the judgment of
such Lender, such designation would avoid the requirement for or reduce the amount of such compensation, increased amounts or amounts
for Indemnified Taxes, and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous
to such Lender; provided that such efforts need only be made on terms that, in the commercially reasonable judgment of such Lender,
cause such Lender and its lending office(s) to suffer no material economic, legal or regulatory disadvantage; provided further
that nothing in this Section 2.07(e) shall affect or postpone any of the Obligations of Borrower or the rights of such Lender
pursuant to Section 2.07(a) through (d) or Section 2.08. Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses
incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation.

(f) Borrower
shall compensate each Lender, upon written request from such Lender (in the form of a certificate, which shall set forth in reasonable
detail the basis for requesting such amounts and shall be conclusive absent manifest error), for all reasonable loss, cost or expense
(excluding loss of anticipated profits or margin) deemed to be incurred by it (determined pursuant to the following paragraph) as a result
of:

(i) any
payment or prepayment of any Advance on a day other than an Interest Payment Date (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason
of acceleration, or otherwise); or

(ii) any
failure by Borrower to prepay or borrow any Advance on the date or in the amount notified by Borrower (for a reason other than the failure
of such Lender to make its portion of any Advance in breach of its obligation hereunder).

Such loss, cost or expense for any Lender shall
be deemed to be an amount determined by such Lender equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued
on the principal amount of any Advance had such event not occurred, at the reference interest rate that would have been applicable to
any Advance, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then-current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case
of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for any Advance), over (ii) the
amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it
to bid, at the commencement of such period, for dollar deposits of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the eurodollar market.

(g) All
of Borrowers obligations under this Section 2.07 shall survive termination of the Facility and repayment of all other Obligations
hereunder.

- 37 - 

Section 2.08. Taxes.

(a) Payments
Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of Borrower under any Margin Loan Documentation shall be made
without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good
faith discretion of Administrative Agent or Borrower, as the case may be) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such
payment by Administrative Agent or Borrower, then Administrative Agent or Borrower shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding
and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and,
if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding
has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.08) each Lender
or each Agent receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.

(b) Payment
of Other Taxes by Borrower. Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or
at the option of Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes.

(c) Evidence
of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.08,
Borrower shall deliver to Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing
such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to Administrative
Agent.

(d) Indemnification
by Borrower. Borrower shall indemnify each Lender and Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount
of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.08)
payable or paid by such Lender or Agent or required to be withheld or deducted from any payment to such Lender or Agent and any reasonable
expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted
by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to Borrower by a Lender
(with a copy to Administrative Agent), or by Administrative Agent, on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent
manifest error.

(e) Status of Lenders.

(i) If
any Lender is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Taxes with respect to payments made under any Margin Loan Documentation,
it shall deliver to Borrower and Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or Administrative Agent,
such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by Borrower or Administrative Agent as will permit such payments
to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by Borrower or Administrative
Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by Borrower or Administrative Agent
as will enable Borrower or Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information
reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission
of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.08(e)(ii)(A), (B) and (D) below) shall not
be required if in a Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material
unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender.

- 38 - 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,

(A) if
any Lender is a U.S. Person, it shall deliver to Borrower and Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes
a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or Administrative Agent) executed
copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding Tax;

(B) if
any Lender is a Foreign Lender, it shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Borrower and Administrative Agent
(in such number of copies as shall be requested by Borrower or Administrative Agent) on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes
a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or Administrative Agent), whichever
of the following is applicable:

(1) in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect
to payments of interest under any Margin Loan Documentation, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or an
applicable successor form) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest
article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Margin Loan Documentation, IRS Form W-8BEN
or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or an applicable successor form) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding
Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty;

(2) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI;

(3) in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code,
(x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank
within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of Borrower within the meaning
of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of
the Code and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or an applicable successor form); or

- 39 - 

(4) to
the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS
Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or an applicable successor form), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the
form of Exhibit I-2 or Exhibit I-3, IRS Form W-9 and/or other certification documents from each beneficial
owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such
Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially
in the form of Exhibit I- 4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner;

(C) any
Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Borrower and Administrative Agent (in such number of copies
as shall be requested by the recipients) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and
from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed
by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such
supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit Borrower or Administrative Agent to determine the withholding
or deduction required to be made; and

(D) if
a payment made to a Lender under any Margin Loan Documentation would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such
Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or
1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to Borrower and Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed
by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable
law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested
by Borrower or Administrative Agent as may be necessary for Borrower or Administrative Agent to comply with its obligations under FATCA
and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and
withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after
the date of this Agreement.

- 40 - 

Each Lender agrees that if
any form or certification it previously delivered has expired or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form
or certification or promptly notify Borrower and Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.

Administrative Agent shall
deliver to Borrower, on or before the date on which it becomes Administrative Agent hereunder, either (i) a duly executed original
IRS Form W-9 (or any applicable successor form) certifying that Administrative Agent is not subject to backup withholding, or (ii) a
duly executed original IRS Form W-8IMY (or any applicable successor form) establishing that Administrative Agent will act as a withholding
agent for any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed with respect to any payment made to Lenders under any Margin Loan Documentation. Administrative
Agent shall promptly notify Borrower at any time it determines that it is no longer in a position to provide the certification described
in the preceding sentence.

(f) Treatment
of Certain Refunds. If any Lender or any Agent determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a
refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.08 (including by the payment of additional amounts
pursuant to this Section 2.08), it shall pay to Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments
made under this Section 2.08 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including
Taxes) of such Lender or such Agent and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect
to such refund). Borrower, upon the request of such Lender or such Agent, shall repay to such Lender or such Agent the amount paid over
pursuant to this paragraph (f) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in
the event that such Lender or such Agent is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this paragraph (f), in no event will any Lender or any Agent be required to pay any amount to Borrower pursuant to this
paragraph (f) the payment of which would place such Lender or such Agent in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Lender
or such Agent would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld
or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph
shall not be construed to require any Lender or any Agent to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its
Taxes that it deems confidential) to Borrower or any other Person.

(g) Indemnification
by Lenders. Each Lender shall severally indemnify Administrative Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for (i) any
Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that Borrower has not already indemnified Administrative Agent for
such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders
failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.07(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any
Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by Administrative Agent in connection with any Margin
Loan Documentation, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or
legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered
to any Lender by Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes Administrative Agent to
set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Margin Loan Documentation or otherwise payable by Administrative
Agent to Lender from any other source against any amount due to Administrative Agent under this paragraph (g).

- 41 - 

(h) Borrower
shall deliver to each Agent, on or before the Funding Date (and thereafter promptly from time to time upon the reasonable request of an
Agent), (i) a duly executed original IRS Form W-9 with respect to Borrowers sole owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes
that is a U.S. Person for U.S. federal income tax purposes and (ii) a duly executed certification in accordance with Treasury Regulations
Section 1.1445-2(b)(2) to the effect that Borrower is a disregarded entity as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.1445-2(b)(2)(iii) and
its sole owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes is not a foreign person. Borrower shall promptly notify each Agent at
any time it determines that it is no longer in a position to provide the IRS Form or certification described in the preceding sentence.

(i) Borrower
shall deliver to Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by Administrative Agent, such properly completed and
executed documentation as is reasonably requested by Administrative Agent in order to permit any Lender to exercise its rights under Section 7.02
and the Security Agreements in a manner that will avoid, to the extent possible, or minimize withholding Tax upon a disposition of any
Collateral.

Section 2.09. Illegality.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any Lender determines that any Change in Law has made it unlawful, or any Governmental
Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for such Lender to perform its obligations to make or maintain any Advance, then, on notice
thereof by such Lender to Borrower (with a copy to Administrative Agent) (i) if the Funding Date has not occurred, the obligation
of such Lender to make any Advance shall be suspended until such Lender notifies Administrative Agent and Borrower that the circumstances
giving rise to such determination no longer exist and (ii) if the Funding Date has occurred, any Advance shall be prepaid either
on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain any Advance to such day, or immediately,
if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain any Advance.

Section 2.10. Evidence
of Debt.

(a) Each
Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of Borrower to such Lender
resulting from any Advance, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder.

(b) Administrative
Agent shall also maintain accounts in which it will record the amount of any Advance made hereunder, (ii) the amount of any principal
or interest due and payable or to become due and payable (or paid in kind) from Borrower to each Lender hereunder, and (iii) the
amount of any sum received by Administrative Agent hereunder from Borrower and each Lenders Applicable Percentage thereof.

(c) The
entries maintained in the accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.10(b) shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and
amounts of the obligations therein recorded; provided that the failure of Administrative Agent or any Lender to maintain such accounts
or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of Borrower to repay such obligations in accordance with their terms.

- 42 - 

(d) No
promissory note shall be required to evidence any Advance by any Lender to Borrower. Upon the request of a Lender, Borrower shall prepare,
execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note, payable to such Lender and its registered assigns and in a form approved by such
Lender, which shall evidence any Advance to Borrower by such Lender in addition to such records. Thereafter, any Advance evidenced by
such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the
payee named therein and its registered assigns.

Section 2.11. Payments
and Computations.

(a) All
payments to be made by Borrower shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Borrower
shall make each payment hereunder not later than 2:00 p.m. on the day when due (subject to Section 2.06(c), with respect to
any payment made to cure a Collateral Shortfall) in Dollars to Administrative Agent in immediately available funds. Administrative Agent
shall promptly distribute to each Lender its share, determined on a Pro Rata Basis (or other applicable basis as provided herein), of
such payment, in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender. All payments received by Administrative Agent after 11:00 a.m. may,
in Administrative Agents discretion, be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day (subject to Section 2.06(c), with
respect to any payment made to cure a Collateral Shortfall), and, if so deemed, any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue.

(b) Whenever
any payment hereunder would be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business
Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of payment of interest or any fees, as the case may
be.

(c) All
payments (including prepayments and, subject to Section 2.13, any other amounts received hereunder in connection with the exercise
of any Applicable Lenders rights after an Event of Default) made by Borrower to Administrative Agent under any Margin Loan Documentation
shall be applied to amounts then due and payable in the following order, ratably in accordance with the percentage of any such amounts
owed to each Lender: (A) to any expenses and indemnities payable by Borrower to Lenders under any Margin Loan Documentation; (B) to
any accrued and unpaid (or uncapitalized) interest and fees due under this Agreement; (C) to principal payments on the outstanding
Advances; and (D) to the payment of all other Obligations under the Margin Loan Documentation.

Section 2.12. Administrative
Agents Clawback.

(a) Funding
by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent. Unless Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the
Funding Date that such Lender will not make available to Administrative Agent its portion of any Advance, Administrative Agent may assume
that each Lender that has a Commitment has made its respective portion of any Advance available on such date in accordance with Section 2.01
and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact
made its portion of any Advance available to Administrative Agent, then such Lender and Borrower severally agree to pay to Administrative
Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made
available to Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of a payment to be made by
such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by Administrative Agent in accordance with banking
industry rules on interbank compensation and (ii) in the case of a payment to be made by Borrower, the Applicable Rate. If Borrower
and a Lender shall pay such interest to Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, Administrative Agent shall promptly
remit to Borrower the amount of such interest paid by Borrower for such period. If a Lender pays its portion of any Advance to Administrative
Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lenders portion of any Advance included in such borrowing. Any payment by
Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim Borrower may have against such Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to
Administrative Agent.

- 43 - 

(b) Payments
by Borrower; Presumptions by Administrative Agent. Unless Administrative Agent shall have received notice from Borrower prior to the
date on which any payment is due to Administrative Agent for the account of Lenders hereunder that Borrower will not make such payment,
Administrative Agent may assume that Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such
assumption, distribute to Lenders the amount due. In such event, if Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders
severally agrees to repay to Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender, with interest thereon,
for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to Administrative Agent,
at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on
interbank compensation.

(c) Obligations
of Lenders Several. The obligations of Lenders hereunder to make their respective portions of any Advance and to make payments pursuant
to Section 9.04(e) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make its portion of any Advance or to make any payment
under Section 9.04(e) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do
so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its portion of any Advance or to make
its payment under Section 9.04(e).

Section 2.13. Accelerating
Lenders.

(a) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein (but subject to clause (b) below), if one or more Lenders become Accelerating Lenders:

(i) Each
Accelerating Lender, solely for purposes of determining the rights and obligations of such Lender vis--vis Borrower, shall be
deemed to be:

(1) Administrative Agent and Calculation Agent hereunder; and

- 44 - 

(2) the
sole Lender hereunder for all purposes and, for the avoidance of doubt, no other Lenders consent shall be necessary for any modification
of such rights and obligations; and

(ii) solely
for purposes of determining the rights and obligations of all Lenders that are not Accelerating Lenders among themselves and vis--vis
Borrower:

(1) each
Accelerating Lender shall be deemed to no longer be a Lender hereunder and, for the avoidance of doubt, such Accelerating Lenders
consent shall not be necessary for any modification of such rights and obligations; and

(2) if
Administrative Agent or Calculation Agent is an Accelerating Lender, a replacement therefor shall be selected from among the Lenders that
are not Accelerating Lenders as if such Agent had resigned.

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, following one or more Lenders becoming Accelerating Lenders, Borrower shall not make any payments of its Obligations or
post any Collateral or provide any Eligible Letter of Credit except on a Pro Rata Basis (without regard to clause (a) above). The
application of proceeds received by an Applicable Lender in respect of an exercise of its remedies under the Margin Loan Documentation
shall not be considered a payment by Borrower for purposes of this Section 2.13(b).

Section 2.14. Benchmark
Replacement Setting. The provisions of Annex I shall be incorporated by reference herein as if set forth in this Section 2.14.

Section 2.15. Periodic
Rebalancing. (a) Subject to Section 2.13 and clause (c) below, if as of any Interest Payment Date, the Collateral
is not held on a Pro Rata Basis for any reason, then on, or as promptly as practicable following, such Interest Payment Date, the Applicable
Lenders shall cause any transfers of Collateral from the Collateral Accounts that they control to Collateral Accounts controlled by other
Applicable Lenders as may be necessary, as determined by Administrative Agent, to ensure that the Collateral is held on a Pro Rata Basis.
Each Applicable Lender agrees to cooperate in good faith with Administrative Agent to effect such rebalancing, including, for the avoidance
of doubt, by submitting written instructions to Custodian to effect such transfers. Borrower hereby consents to such transfers.

(b) Solely
for the purpose of determining whether Collateral is held on a Pro Rata Basis under clause (a) above, any Eligible Letter of Credit
issued for the benefit of an Applicable Lender shall be deemed to be an amount of cash Collateral equal to [REDACTED]% of the stated amount
thereof, subject to clause (c) below.

(c) Subject
to Section 2.13 and notwithstanding clause (a) above, if, on any date, any Applicable Lender gives written notice to Calculation
Agent, or Calculation Agent otherwise becomes aware, that the aggregate stated amount of Eligible Letters of Credit issued for the benefit
of any Applicable Lender differs from the product of (x) the aggregate Applicable Percentage of such Applicable Lender and any relevant
Agented Lenders with respect to which such Applicable Lender is acting as agent and (y) the aggregate stated amount of Eligible Letters
of Credit issued for the benefit of all Applicable Lenders, then on, or as promptly as practicable following, such date Borrower shall
replace Eligible Letters of Credit issued for the benefit of the Applicable Lenders with cash Collateral and vice versa (or modify the
terms of any applicable Eligible Letters of Credit) to the extent necessary to ensure that Eligible Letters of Credit and cash Collateral
are held on a Pro Rata Basis (it being understood that the minimum stated amount of an Eligible Letter of Credit as set forth in the definition
thereof shall not apply to the extent necessary to comply with this Section 2.15(c)). Each Lender hereby consents to, and agrees
to cooperate in good faith to effect, such substitutions.

- 45 - 

(d) In
connection with any transfer of Collateral Shares to a Collateral Account pursuant to this Section 2.15 or otherwise, Borrower shall
comply with any request of the Applicable Lender that controls such Collateral Account to transfer such Collateral Shares to a separate
sub-account under the relevant Collateral Account controlled by such Applicable Lender.

Article 3

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Borrower represents and warrants
to each Lender as of the date hereof (and as of any Delayed Draw Funding Date) that:

Section 3.01. Organization;
Powers. Borrower (i) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization,
(ii) has all requisite power and authority to enter into, and perform its obligations under, the Margin Loan Documentation, and consummate
the Transactions, and (iii) is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification
is required except where the failure to be so qualified would not result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.02. Authorization;
Enforceability. The Transactions are within the powers of and have been duly authorized by all necessary action by Borrower. Each
document included in the Margin Loan Documentation to which it is a party has been duly executed and delivered by Borrower and constitutes
a legal, valid and binding obligation of Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless
of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

Section 3.03. Governmental
Approvals; No Conflicts. The Transactions (i) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or
any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and except
for filings necessary to perfect Liens created pursuant to the Margin Loan Documentation, (ii) will not violate any Law applicable
to Borrower, (iii) will not contravene the Organization Documents of Borrower, (iv) will not violate or result in a default
under any indenture, material agreement or other material instrument binding upon Borrower or any of its assets, or give rise to a right
thereunder to require any payment to be made by Borrower, (v) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset
of Borrower, except Permitted Liens and (vi) will not violate any trading or other corporate policy of Issuer applicable to Borrower,
including, but not limited to, Issuers blackout policy.

- 46 - 

Section 3.04. Financial
Condition. The Borrower Financial Statements delivered to the Lenders are true and correct in all material respects. Borrower
has no material assets other than the Collateral nor any Indebtedness or monetary obligations, other than the Obligations.

Section 3.05. Litigation
Matters. There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or,
to the knowledge of Borrower, threatened in writing against Borrower that (i) if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected,
individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) involve this Agreement or the Transactions.

Section 3.06. Compliance
with Laws.

(a) Borrower
is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws applicable to it and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees
applicable to it or to its properties.

(b) Borrower
is in compliance with its reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 16 of the Exchange Act, including in respect of the transactions
contemplated hereunder.

(c) The
Transactions, including the use of proceeds of any Advance and all actions with respect to the Collateral, comply and will comply with
the Margin Regulations.

Section 3.07. Investment
Company Status. Borrower is not, and after giving effect to the contemplated Transactions will not be, required to register as
an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

Section 3.08. Taxes.
Each of Borrower and Borrowers sole owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes has timely filed (taking into account applicable
extensions) all income Tax returns and other material Tax returns which are required to be filed by, or with respect to, Borrower in all
jurisdictions and has paid all material Taxes, assessments, claims, governmental charges or levies imposed on, or with respect to, Borrower
or its properties which are due and payable (other than (i) any amount the validity of which is currently being contested in good
faith,

(i) any
amount with respect to which reserves have been provided for in accordance with GAAP and (iii) where no Collateral would become subject
to forfeiture or loss as a result of such contest). There is no proposed tax assessment asserted in writing against Borrower or against
Borrowers sole owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes with respect to Borrower or its properties. Borrower is treated as an
entity disregarded as separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As of the Funding Date, Borrower is not subject to
tax in any jurisdiction other than the United States or any subdivision thereof.

- 47 - 

Section 3.09. Disclosure.
Borrower has disclosed to each Agent and Lender (x) all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it is
subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, and (y) all shareholders agreements, all investor rights agreements and all voting or other contractual restrictions,
including all lock-up agreements, relating to the Collateral Shares (if any). All written information (other than general economic information,
industry specific information, and projections) provided by or on behalf of Borrower to the Agents and Lenders in connection with the
negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Margin Loan Documentation or the Transactions is complete and correct
in all material respects and does not contain any material misstatement of fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements contained therein not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made. As of the
date hereof, to the best knowledge of Borrower, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior
to the date hereof to Lenders in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all respects.

Section 3.10. Agreements;
Parent Credit Agreement.

(a) Borrower
is not a party to, nor are its assets bound by, any agreement or instrument, other than those permitted under Section 6.10, and Borrower
is not in default under any provision of any such agreement or instrument.

(b) As
of the Funding Date, Borrower has provided Administrative Agent with true, correct and complete copies of the Issuer Revolver, the Parent
Credit Agreement and all Loan Documents (as defined in the Parent Credit Agreement).

Section 3.11. No
Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of formation of Borrower, no event has occurred or condition arisen, either individually
or in the aggregate, that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.12. Solvency.
(i) The present fair market value of Borrowers assets exceeds the total amount of Borrowers liabilities (including
contingent liabilities), (ii) Borrower has capital and assets sufficient to carry on its businesses, (iii) Borrower is neither
engaged nor is about to engage in a business or a transaction for which its remaining assets are unreasonably small in relation to such
business or transaction and (iv) Borrower neither intends to incur nor believes that it will incur debts beyond its ability to pay
as they become due. For purposes of this Section 3.12, the amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the
amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected
to become an actual or matured liability. Borrower will not be rendered insolvent by the consummation of the Transactions.

Section 3.13. Trading
and Other Restrictions.

(a) Borrower
owns all of its assets (including all of the Collateral credited to the Collateral Accounts) free and clear of Liens, other than Permitted
Liens.

(b) Borrower
has not made nor consented to, nor is Borrower aware of, any registrations, filings or recordations in any jurisdiction evidencing a security
interest in any of its properties, including the filing of a register of mortgages, charges and other encumbrances or filings of UCC-1
financing statements, other than with respect to Liens granted to Lenders under the Margin Loan Documentation and Permitted Liens.

- 48 - 

(c) The
Collateral Shares (i) are not subject to any Transfer Restrictions (other than Existing Transfer Restrictions) or Restrictive Conditions,
(ii) do not contain any restrictive legends (it being understood that the Issuer Agreement does not constitute restrictive
legends for this purpose), and do not require any opinions from Issuers counsel, or the removal of any stop transfer
order, or the delivery of any documentation, prior to the sale of such Shares, and are not subject to any shareholders agreement,
investor rights agreement or any other similar agreement or any voting or other contractual restriction (other than the Merger Lockup).

Section 3.14. Subsidiaries.
Borrower does not have any Subsidiaries.

Section 3.15. Anti-Corruption
Laws and Sanctions. Borrower is subject to policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance by Borrower and its
managers, officers, employees and agents working on their behalf with Anti-Corruption Laws, the Act and applicable Sanctions. Borrower
and its officers and managers and to the knowledge of Borrower, its employees and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws,
the Act and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of Borrower, any of its managers, officers or employees, or to the knowledge
of Borrower, any agent of Borrower that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the Facility, is a Sanctioned Person.
None of the borrowing of any Advance, the use of proceeds thereof or other transaction contemplated by this Agreement will violate any
Anti-Corruption Law, the Act or any applicable Sanctions.

Section 3.16. Material
Nonpublic Information. Borrower has not provided any Material Nonpublic Information with respect to Issuer or the Shares to any
Agent or any Lender. Since September 30, 2022, no event has occurred or condition arisen, either individually or in the aggregate,
that would reasonably be expected to result in an Issuer Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.17. Employee
Matters. Borrower does not have and has never had (a) any employees and it has never directly contracted with individuals
who are not independent contractors, (b) to maintain, contribute to, or any direct obligation to maintain or contribute to, any Employee
Benefit Plan, or (c) any actual or potential liabilities with respect to any Pension Plan, including as a result of its affiliation
with any of its ERISA Affiliates, that exceed the Threshold Amount. No Person treated as an independent contractor by Borrower has been
classified as an employee by any Governmental Authority.

Section 3.18. No
Plan Assets. The assets of Borrower do not constitute plan assets within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulation.

Section 3.19. Conduct
of Business. Borrower is not engaged in any business or activity other than (a) holding Shares, Cash, Cash Equivalents and
any other Acceptable Collateral, ministerial activities incidental thereto and otherwise expressly contemplated herein, (b) performing
its obligations under the Margin Loan Documentation, the Commitment Letter, the Fee Letter and the Transactions and (c) payment of
taxes and administrative fees necessary for compliance with this Agreement.

Section 3.20. Separateness.
Borrower is, and has at all times since its formation been, in compliance with the Separateness Provisions.

- 49 - 

Article 4

CONDITIONS OF LENDING

Section 4.01. Conditions
Precedent to the Funding Date. The obligation of each Lender to make its portion of the Initial Advance hereunder on the Funding
Date is subject to satisfaction, or waiver by each Lender, of the following conditions precedent:

(a) The
iStar Transactions shall be consummated substantially concurrently with the initial borrowing under the Facility, in each case, in all
material respects in accordance with the Merger Agreement.

(b) Administrative
Agent and each Lender shall have received, at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Funding Date, (a) all documentation
and other information about Borrower as shall have been reasonably requested in writing by Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders
at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Funding Date and as required by applicable regulatory authorities under applicable know
your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and (b) if
Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, the Beneficial Ownership Certification
in relation to Borrower.

(c) Administrative
Agent and each Lender shall have received each of the following documents, duly executed, in each case, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Administrative Agent and each Lender:

(i) duly
executed counterparts of the Margin Loan Documentation, dated as of the Funding Date;

(ii) (A) a
customary certificate of Borrower, dated as of the Funding Date and executed by an Authorized Representative thereof, which shall (1) certify
the resolutions authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Margin Loan Documentation and the Transaction to be consummated
by it on the Funding Date and (2) contain appropriate attachments, including its Organization Documents and the engagement letter
for, or other reasonably satisfactory evidence of the engagement of, an independent manager for Borrower, and (B) a recently-dated
long form good standing certificate for Borrower from its jurisdiction of organization;

(iii) a
solvency certificate of Borrower from an Authorized Representative thereof, dated as of the Funding Date and in the form of Exhibit H
attached hereto;

(iv) a
customary opinion of Borrowers counsel, addressed to Administrative Agent and the Lenders, dated as of the Funding Date;

(v) the
results of a recent Lien and judgment search in the jurisdiction of organization (and, if different, the jurisdiction of the chief executive
office) of Borrower, and each such search shall not reveal any Lien on any of the assets of Borrower (except for Permitted Liens) or any
judgment against Borrower;

- 50 - 

(vi) a
proper financing statement (Form UCC-1 or the equivalent) of Borrower for filing under the UCC or other appropriate filing offices
of each jurisdiction as may be necessary to perfect the security interests purported to be created by any Security Agreement on the Funding
Date; and

(vii) if
requested by any Lender, FRB Form U-1 or FRB Form G-3 duly executed by Borrower.

(d) The
Collateral Account shall have been established by Borrower.

(e) Borrower
shall have executed and delivered all account opening documentation required by Custodian in respect of the Collateral Account.

(f) 13,522,651
Shares constituting Acceptable Collateral shall have been credited to the Collateral Account free from all Transfer Restrictions (other
than Existing Transfer Restrictions) and Restrictive Conditions by book-entry transfer through DTC, as depositary.

(g) The
Collateral Requirement shall have been satisfied in all material respects.

(h) All
fees required to be paid on the Funding Date pursuant to the Fee Letter or any other Margin Loan Documentation and reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses required to be paid on the Funding Date pursuant to the Commitment Letter or the Margin Loan Documentation, to the extent invoiced
at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Funding Date (except as otherwise reasonably agreed by Borrower) shall have been paid
on or before such date, or, in the case of any upfront fee or analogous fee, Borrower shall have elected to net such amount
against the Initial Advance hereunder.

(i) Each
of the representations and warranties made by Borrower and/or Issuer in the Margin Loan Documentation shall be true and correct in all
material respects (unless any such representation or warranty is qualified as to materiality, in which case it shall be true and correct
in all respects) on and as of the Funding Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier
date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date (unless any such representation or warranty
is qualified as to materiality, in which case it shall be true and correct in all respects as of such date).

(j) Borrower
shall have delivered to Administrative Agent a certificate from a Responsible Officer of Borrower in the form set forth in Exhibit E
hereto, dated as of the Funding Date, which shall contain representations that the conditions set forth in Subsections (a), (d), (e),
(f), (g), (i), (l), (m) and (n) of this Section 4.01 have been satisfied.

(k) Borrower
shall have delivered to Administrative Agent a Borrowing Notice at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Funding Date.

(l) Immediately
after giving effect to the Initial Advance, the LTV Ratio (as determined on the basis of the Reference Price as of the [REDACTED]) shall
not exceed the Maximum Initial LTV Level.

- 51 - 

(m) No
Collateral Shortfall shall have occurred that has not been cured or waived, and no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in each
case on the Funding Date, and none of the foregoing shall result from the Initial Advance or the application of the proceeds therefrom.

(n) No
event or action shall have occurred that may have constituted a Facility Adjustment Event, Event of Default or Mandatory Prepayment Event
under either the Term Sheet or the Margin Loan Documentation (assuming that the Margin Loan Documentation was in effect on the Commitment
Date); provided that no event occurring pursuant to the express terms of the Merger Agreement (as in effect on the Commitment Date)
shall give rise to a Facility Adjustment Event, Event of Default or Mandatory Prepayment Event.

(o) The
Funding Date shall have occurred no later than the end of the Availability Period, and the Commitment Termination Date shall not have
occurred for any reason.

The borrowing of the Initial Advance shall be
deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by Borrower on and as of the Funding Date as to the matters specified in Subsections
(a), (d), (e), (f), (g), (i), (l), (m) and (n) above.

Section 4.02. Conditions
Precedent to Delayed Draw Advances. The obligation of each Lender to make its portion of the Delayed Draw Advance hereunder on
any Delayed Draw Funding Date is subject to satisfaction, or waiver by each Lender, of the following conditions precedent:

(a) the
Delayed Draw Funding Date shall not occur after the expiration of the Delayed Draw Availability Period;

(b) each
of the representations and warranties made by Borrower in Article 3 shall be true and correct in all material respects (unless
any such representation or warranty is qualified as to materiality, in which case it shall be true and correct in all respects) on and
as of such Delayed Draw Funding Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date,
in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date (unless any such representation or warranty is qualified
as to materiality, in which case it shall be true and correct in all respects as of such date);

(c) immediately
after giving effect to the Delayed Draw Advance, the LTV Ratio (as determined on the basis of the Reference Price as of the first (1st)
Business Day prior to such Delayed Draw Funding Date) shall not exceed [REDACTED]%;

(d) no
Collateral Shortfall shall have occurred that has not been cured or waived, and no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in each
case on such Delayed Draw Funding Date, and no Collateral Shortfall or Default shall result from such Delayed Draw Advance or the application
of the proceeds therefrom;

(e) no
event or action shall have occurred and be continuing that may have constituted a Facility Adjustment Event, Event of Default or Mandatory
Prepayment Event;

(f) Borrower
shall have delivered to Administrative Agent a Borrowing Notice at least three (3) Business Days prior to such Delayed Draw Funding
Date; and

- 52 - 

(g) if
requested by any Lender, such Lender shall have received FRB Form U-1 or FRB Form G-3 duly executed by Borrower, in each case,
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent and such Lender.

The borrowing of any Delayed Draw Advance shall
be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by Borrower on and as of such Delayed Draw Funding Date as to the matters specified
in Subsections (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) above.

Article 5

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

On and after the Funding Date
and so long as any Obligations (other than unasserted contingent indemnification obligations) remain outstanding:

Section 5.01. Financial
Statements. Borrower shall furnish to Administrative Agent (i) within forty-five (45) days after the end of each calendar
quarter, a certificate of Borrowers Authorized Representative certifying (a) that Borrowers only assets consist of
the Collateral, Cash and Cash Equivalents, (b) the number of Shares that Borrower owned as of the last day of such quarter and (c) that
Borrowers only Indebtedness and monetary obligations (other than the Obligations) is listed on a schedule to such certificate,
(ii) a compliance certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit J on the date that is six months after the Funding Date and
every six months thereafter, and (iii) such additional information regarding the business or financial affairs of Borrower, or compliance
with the terms of the Margin Loan Documentation, as Administrative Agent or Lender may from time to time reasonably request.

Section 5.02. Notices
of Material Events. Borrower shall furnish to Administrative Agent, as promptly as reasonably practicable after obtaining actual
knowledge thereof, notice of:

(a) the
occurrence of (i) any Default or Event of Default, (ii) any matter which has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) the receipt of any notice of any governmental investigation or any litigation commenced or threatened
against Borrower, where Borrower is specifically named in such investigation or litigation or (iv) any actual or potential liabilities
with respect to any Pension Plan that exceed the Threshold Amount;

(b) any
transaction or event that constitutes, or that, if consummated, would constitute, a Change of Control of Borrower or a Change of Control
of Issuer; or

(i) the
imposition of, or any event or transaction that, if consummated, could reasonably be expected to result in the imposition of, any Transfer
Restriction (other than Existing Transfer Restrictions) or Restrictive Condition on the Collateral, (ii) any Facility Adjustment
Event or Mandatory Prepayment Event or (iii) any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) or adverse claim (within the meaning
of Section 8-502 of the UCC) made or asserted against any of the Collateral.

In addition, Borrower shall
furnish to Administrative Agent at least five (5) Business Days prior written notice of any proposed change to Borrowers
Independent Manager as defined in Borrowers Organization Documents.

- 53 - 

Each notice delivered under
this Section 5.02 shall be accompanied by a statement of an Authorized Representative of Borrower setting forth the details of the
event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto.

Section 5.03. Existence;
Conduct of Business. Borrower will at all times preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the
rights, qualifications, licenses, permits, franchises, governmental authorizations, licenses and permits material to the conduct of its
business, and maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted.

Section 5.04. Payment
of Liabilities. Borrower shall file all required Tax returns and shall pay and discharge, as and when the same shall become due
and payable, all Taxes and any other liabilities imposed upon it or upon its property; provided that no such Tax or liability needs
to be paid or discharged if (i) it is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (ii) reserves, in accordance
with GAAP, have been provided for and (iii) no Collateral would become subject to forfeiture or loss as a result of such contest.

Section 5.05. Compliance
with Applicable Organization Documents, Policies and Laws. Borrower shall comply (i) in all material respects, with the requirements
of all applicable Laws, all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or its property, and (ii) in all respects with,
its Organization Documents, the Organization Documents and all policies of Issuer (to the extent applicable to Borrower) and all Transfer
Restrictions applicable to the Collateral Shares. Borrower will maintain (or will have maintained on its behalf) policies and procedures
reasonably designed to ensure compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions by Borrower and its managers, officers and
employees and, in the case of Anti-Corruption Laws, its agents (acting in their capacity as such).

Section 5.06. Provision
of Public Information. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Margin Loan Documentation, Borrower shall not provide any
Lender, any Agent or their respective Affiliates with any Material Nonpublic Information with respect to Parent, Issuer, their respective
Subsidiaries or their securities in any document or notice required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement, any other Margin Loan
Documentation or any communication pursuant to, or directly related to, this Agreement or any other Margin Loan Documentation, including
any Platform (each, a Communication) and in delivering any Communication, Borrower shall be deemed to have
represented that any such Communication contains no such Material Nonpublic Information; provided, however, that this Section 5.06
shall not prohibit Borrower or its Affiliates from disclosing Material Nonpublic Information to any Lender, any Agent or their Affiliates
in connection with advisory services provided by such Lender, such Agent or Affiliate if Borrower reasonably believes that such Lender,
such Agent or Affiliate has implemented appropriate information walls in respect of such Material Nonpublic Information. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the Margin Loan Documentation, Borrower acknowledges and agrees that if any Lender or any of such Lenders
Affiliates receives from Borrower any Material Nonpublic Information at any time in connection with this Agreement or any other Margin
Loan Documentation, such Lender or such Affiliate shall not have any duty of confidentiality to Borrower and may disclose such Material
Nonpublic Information publicly, to any potential purchaser of the Collateral or to any other Person.

- 54 - 

Section 5.07. Compliance
with Exchange Act Reporting Requirements. Borrower shall comply in all material respects with its reporting obligations under
Sections 13 and 16 of the Exchange Act, in respect of the transactions contemplated hereunder; provided that, except in the case
of any Form 3, Form 4 or Form 5 filings that do not disclose any terms of the Facility (other than its existence and the
number of Collateral Shares pledged in respect thereof) or the name of any Lender or any Agent, Borrower shall give prior notice to Administrative
Agent, who shall give to each Lender prompt notice thereof, of any public filing regarding the Margin Loan Documentation by Borrower or
its Affiliates (excluding Issuer and its Subsidiaries for this purpose) and provide Administrative Agent with copies to be distributed
to each Lender of any report a reasonable time prior to filing thereof, and (x) except in the case of filings by Issuer, shall comply
(or cause its Affiliates (excluding Issuer and its Subsidiaries for this purpose) to comply, as the case may be) or (y) in the case
of filings by Issuer that disclose any economic terms of the Facility or attach any Margin Loan Documentation as an exhibit thereto, shall
use reasonable efforts to cause Issuer to comply, with any reasonable request of Administrative Agent to seek confidential treatment of
any information therein that Administrative Agent considers to be proprietary or sensitive business information.

Section 5.08. Further
Assurances. Upon the reasonable request of any Applicable Lender, directly or through Administrative Agent, Borrower shall (a) execute
and/or deliver any additional agreements, documents and instruments, and take such further actions as the Applicable Lender may reasonably
determine necessary in order to ensure that the Collateral Requirement is satisfied and (b) use commercially reasonable efforts to
provide any document or information, obtain any consent, and take such further actions as the Applicable Lender may reasonably determine
necessary or advisable in order to facilitate (i) hedging (or similar) transactions or (ii) any exercise of remedies under any
Margin Loan Documentation (including foreclosure upon enforcement).

Section 5.09. Books
and Records. Borrower shall keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries are made of all dealings
and transactions in relation to its business and activities.

Section 5.10. Borrower
Organization Docs; Special Purpose Entity; Maintenance of Separateness. Borrower shall comply with the Separateness Provisions
set forth in its Organization Documents.

Section 5.11. Payment
of PIK; Prepayment of Interest. Not later than two (2) Business Days following any receipt by Borrower of Cash from any sale
of Collateral Shares, if any interest has accrued on any Advance (including with respect to the then-current Interest Period) as of the
day of such receipt and such interest remains unpaid, or the Net PIK Amount is greater than zero Dollars as of the day of such receipt,
Borrower shall cause such Cash to be paid to Administrative Agent, in accordance with Section 2.11, to the extent necessary to, first,
pay such accrued and unpaid (or uncapitalized) interest and, second, reduce the Net PIK Amount to zero Dollars (and pay any amount required
under Section 2.07(f)); provided that any payment made pursuant to this Section 5.11 shall not constitute a Make-Whole
Event.

Section 5.12. Independent
Manager. Borrower shall ensure, at all times, that Borrower has an Independent Manager (as defined in Borrowers
Organization Documents, as in effect on the date hereof), and Borrower shall pay the fees and expenses under the engagement letter for
such Independent Manager as and when they become due.

- 55 - 

Section 5.13. ERISA
Plan Assets. Borrower agrees to promptly notify Administrative Agent if the assets of Borrower constitute or may reasonably be
expected to constitute plan assets within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulation as advised by counsel.

Section 5.14. KYC
Materials. Borrower agrees that it will provide to Administrative Agent, from time to time and promptly upon each request, information
with respect to Borrower as any Lender may request in order to comply with the applicable know your customer and anti- money
laundering rules and regulations and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Article 6

NEGATIVE COVENANTS

On and after the Funding Date
and so long as any Obligations (other than unasserted contingent indemnification obligations) remain outstanding:

Section 6.01. Indebtedness.
Borrower shall not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, other than the Obligations under the Margin Loan Documentation
and Borrowers obligations under the Commitment Letter and the Fee Letter.

Section 6.02. Liens.
Borrower shall not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon the Collateral, except for Permitted Liens. Borrower shall not
create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on any other property or asset owned by it, except for Permitted Liens.

Section 6.03. Business
Activities. Borrower shall not engage in any business or activity other than (a) holding the Shares, Cash and Cash Equivalents
and other Acceptable Collateral, ministerial activities incidental thereto or otherwise expressly permitted hereunder, (b) disposing
the Shares in accordance with the express terms hereof and (c) performing its obligations under the Margin Loan Documentation, the
Commitment Letter and the Fee Letter and in connection with the Transactions. Borrower shall not engage in any merger, consolidation,
amalgamation or similar transaction.

Section 6.04. Investments.
Borrower shall not purchase, hold or acquire (including pursuant to any merger) any capital stock, evidences of indebtedness or other
securities (including any option, warrant or other right to acquire any of the foregoing) of, make or permit to exist any loans or advances
to, guarantee any obligations of, or make or permit to exist any investment or any other interest in, any other Person, or purchase or
otherwise acquire (in one transaction or a series of transactions) any assets of any other Person constituting a business unit (whether
through purchase of assets, merger or otherwise), other than Shares and Cash Equivalents.

Section 6.05. Distributions.
Borrower shall not make any dividend, distribution or other payment in respect of its Equity Interests (including in connection with any
repurchase thereof), unless (x) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom and
(y) the property or assets delivered by Borrower in respect of such dividend, distribution or payment does not constitute Collateral.

- 56 - 

Section 6.06. Investment
Company. Borrower shall not be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

Section 6.07. No
Amendment of Organization Documents. Borrower shall not consent to or permit any amendment, supplement, modification or waiver
of any of the terms or provisions of its Organization Documents (a) (i) relating to the power to enter into, and perform its
obligations under, the Margin Loan Documentation, (ii) corresponding to the Separateness Provisions or the provisions set forth in
this Article 6, or (iii) relating to the Independent Manager (as defined in Borrowers Organization Documents,
as in effect on the date hereof), in each case, without the written consent of Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld or
delayed), or (b) if such amendment, supplement, modification or waiver (i) would materially impair or diminish, or circumvent,
any term or provision described in clause (a) or (ii) could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or
adversely affect any Lender in any material respect, in each case as reasonably determined by Administrative Agent, without the written
consent of Required Lenders.

Section 6.08. Transactions
with Affiliates. Borrower shall not sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise
acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except transactions that
(a) are incidental to holding the Shares, Cash, Cash Equivalents and any other Acceptable Collateral and performing its obligations
under the Margin Loan Documentation, the Commitment Letter, the Fee Letter and the Transactions and (b) are on terms and conditions
substantially as favorable to Borrower as could be obtained on an arms-length basis from unrelated third parties; provided that
this Section 6.08 shall not prohibit (x) contributions of Cash, Cash Equivalents, other Acceptable Collateral or Shares from
Parent to Borrower or (y) distributions which are permitted under Section 6.05.

Section 6.09. Formation
of Subsidiaries. Borrower shall not form, create, organize, incorporate or acquire any Subsidiaries.

Section 6.10. Agreements.

(a) Borrower
shall not enter into any agreement other than (i) the Organization Documents of Borrower; (ii) the Margin Loan Documentation;
(iii) routine administrative agreements entered into in the ordinary course of Borrowers business; provided that Borrower
shall not have any monetary obligations under such administrative agreements exceeding, in the aggregate, $1,000,000 per annum (excluding
any fees or expenses paid on or around the Funding Date out of the proceeds of any Advance) and (iv) any agreement or agreements
relating to any Permitted Sale Transactions; provided that, in the case of this clause (iv), Borrower shall not have any obligations
thereunder, other than the obligation to deliver Shares substantially contemporaneously with the deposit of the related Required Sale
Proceeds Amount (if any) into the relevant Collateral Accounts (or pursuant to escrow arrangements reasonably acceptable to Lenders) and
as are customary for underwriting agreements and certificates and other documentation thereunder relating to such Permitted Sale Transactions
(it being understood that any indemnity provided by Borrower therein shall only relate to information contained in the relevant offering
document, if any, relating to Borrower and the Shares sold by Borrower).

- 57 - 

(b) Borrower
shall not enter into or suffer the existence of any shareholders agreement, any investor rights agreement or any voting or other
contractual restriction with respect to the Collateral Shares other than the Merger Lockup; provided, however, that the REIT Ownership
Restrictions shall be deemed not to violate this provision.

Section 6.11. No
Impairment of Collateral Shares. Borrower shall not take any action that would impair any Applicable Lenders security interest
in the Collateral Shares or its ability to exercise remedies against such Collateral Shares (including without limitation by imposing
any Transfer Restriction or Restrictive Condition on the Collateral Shares, or entering into any shareholders agreement).

Section 6.12. Compliance
with Margin Regulations. Borrower shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, take any action (whether with respect to the
proceeds of any Advance or any Collateral or otherwise) that is in violation of any Margin Regulation or would cause any party hereto
to be in violation of any Margin Regulation.

Section 6.13. Sanctions
and Anti-Corruption. Borrower will not request any Advance, and Borrower shall not use the proceeds of any Advance (a) in
violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws,

(a) for
the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any
Sanctioned Country, or (c) in any other manner that would result in a violation by any Person of any applicable Sanctions.

Section 6.14. Tax
Status. Without the written consent of Administrative Agent, Borrower shall (a) not change its status as an entity disregarded
as separate from its sole owner that is a U.S. Person for U.S. federal income tax purposes, other than to become a partnership that is
a U.S. Person for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (b) not change the jurisdiction of its organization other than to the United
States or any subdivision thereof and (c) not become a resident for tax purposes in any jurisdiction other than the United States
or any subdivision thereof.

Section 6.15. Future
Financings. Borrower shall not, and Borrower shall procure that each of its Affiliates (other than Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries)
shall not, directly or indirectly, grant, or suffer to exist, any Lien on any Shares that do not constitute Collateral Shares to secure
any obligation of Borrower or any Affiliate thereof.

Section 6.16. Employee
Matters. Borrower shall not establish, maintain, directly contribute to or incur any obligation to directly contribute to any
Employee Benefit Plan, and Borrowers ERISA Affiliates shall maintain all Employee Benefit Plans in accordance with applicable Laws
in a manner that would not result in any obligation of Borrower in excess of the Threshold Amount.

- 58 - 

Article 7

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

Section 7.01. Events
of Default. If any of the following events (Events of Default) (it being understood that in no event
shall a transaction expressly contemplated by the Merger Agreement (as in effect on the Commitment Date) to be consummated on the Funding
Date constitute an Event of Default) shall occur:

(a) any
principal of any Advance is not paid when and as the same shall become due and payable, including pursuant to Section 2.06(b), whether
at the due date thereof or a date fixed for prepayment thereof, upon acceleration or otherwise;

(b) a
Collateral Shortfall occurs and Borrower does not cure such Collateral Shortfall prior to the applicable Cure Time, as set forth in Section 2.06(c);

(c) any
interest on any Advance or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in Section 7.01(a)) payable under any Margin
Loan Documentation is not paid when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period
of five (5) days;

(d) any
representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of Borrower herein or in the other Margin Loan Documentation or any amendment
or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder shall prove to have been materially incorrect (or any such representation
or warranty that is qualified as to materiality, shall prove to have been incorrect) or misleading when made or deemed made;

(e) Borrower
shall fail to perform or observe (i) any covenant, condition or agreement in Section 5.01, Section 5.02(a)(i), Section 5.03,
Section 5.10, Section 5.11, Section or Article 6 of this Agreement or Section 5 of any Security Agreement or
(ii) any other covenant, condition or agreement contained herein or in any other Margin Loan Documentation and, in the case of this
sub-clause (ii), such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of ten (10) Business Days after the earlier of (x) the
date on which Borrower receives notice of such failure from Administrative Agent or any Lender and (y) the date on which Borrower
otherwise becomes aware of such failure;

(f) (i) Borrower
admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, (ii) Borrower institutes or consents to the
institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or applies for or consents
to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or
any material part of its property, (iii) any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer
is appointed without the application or consent of Borrower and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for sixty (60) days,
(iv) any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to Borrower or to all or any material part of its property is instituted
without the consent of Borrower and continues undismissed or unstayed for sixty (60) days, or an order for relief is entered in any such
proceeding or (v) Borrower or any Affiliate of Borrower shall take any action to authorize or in furtherance of any of the actions
set forth above in this Section 7.01(f);

(g) (i) any
material provision of any Margin Loan Documentation for any reason ceases to be valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its
terms or Borrower shall challenge in writing the enforceability of any Margin Loan Documentation or shall assert in writing, or engage
in any action or inaction based on any such assertion, that any material provision of any of the Margin Loan Documentation has ceased
to be or otherwise is not valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms or (ii) it is or becomes unlawful for Borrower
to perform any of its obligations under the Margin Loan Documentation and such unlawfulness has or would reasonably be likely to have
a Material Adverse Effect;

- 59 - 

(h) any
of the Security Agreements shall for any reason fail to create a valid and perfected first priority Lien in the Collateral (subject to
no other Lien, other than Permitted Liens), except as expressly permitted by the terms of the Security Agreements or to the extent any
failure to be perfected arises solely as a result of any Applicable Lender failing to take any action within its control in relation to
the Collateral, or any of the Security Agreements shall fail to remain in full force or effect;

(i) any
litigation, arbitration, administrative, governmental, regulatory or other investigations, proceedings or disputes are commenced (other
than those commenced by Borrower) against Borrower or its assets that have or are reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(j) there
occurs with respect to any Indebtedness that is secured by Shares and incurred by any of the Affiliates of Borrower (other than Issuer
or any of its Subsidiaries) having an outstanding principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount in the aggregate for all such Indebtedness
of all such Persons, whether such Indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created, (i) an event of default (however described)
which remains uncured for a period of ten (10) Business Days and/or (ii) the failure to make a principal or interest payment
when due (after giving effect to any applicable cure period in respect of such Indebtedness);

(k) (i) (A) one
or more final judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount or any material non-monetary
judgment shall be rendered against Borrower and (B) (1) the same shall remain undischarged for a period of thirty (30) days
from the date on which such final judgment was rendered during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, (2) the same is not
subject to further appeal, and (3) any legal action shall be taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of Borrower
to enforce any such judgment or (ii) (A) any final non-monetary judgments or orders which, individually or in the aggregate,
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect shall be rendered against Borrower and (B) (1) Borrower shall
fail within thirty (30) days from the date on which such final non-monetary judgment or order was rendered, during which execution shall
not be effectively stayed, to discharge such judgments or orders, (2) such judgments or orders are not subject to further appeal
or (3) any legal action shall be taken to enforce such judgments or orders; or

- 60 - 

(l) the
assets of Borrower constitute plan assets within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulation and such condition results in
a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406(a) of ERISA or Section 4975(c)(1)(A)-(C) of the Code subjecting
any Lender to any tax or penalty on prohibited transactions imposed under Section 4975 of the Code or Section 502(i) of
ERISA, then Administrative Agent may (or at the request of (x) the Required Lenders or (y) any Lender, in the case of an Event
of Default (I) of the type set forth in Section 7.01(a), Section 7.01(b), Section 7.01(c), Section 7.01(g) or
7.01(h) or (II) relating to a provision of the Margin Loan Documentation that would require the consent of each Lender to amend
or waive under Section 9.01, Administrative Agent shall) notify Borrower thereof (such notice, an Event of Default
Notice) with a copy to all Lenders and, following the delivery of such Event of Default Notice, any Lender may (i) declare
such Lenders portion of the Total Accrued Loan Amount to be immediately due and payable, whereupon such amounts shall become and
be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived
by Borrower and (ii) declare such Lenders Commitment to be terminated, whereupon the same shall immediately terminate; provided,
however, that upon the occurrence of any event in Section 7.01(f), (x) the Total Accrued Loan Amount shall automatically
become and be due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived
by Borrower and (y) the Commitment shall automatically be terminated. Upon the occurrence and the continuance of an Event of Default
of the type set forth in Section 7.01(f) or an Event of Default in respect of which Borrower has received an Event of Default
Notice, any Lender may exercise any rights and remedies provided to such Lender under the Margin Loan Documentation (including the enforcement
of any and all Liens created in favor of such Lender pursuant to the Security Agreements) or at law or equity, including all remedies
provided under the UCC.

Section 7.02. Lenders
Remedies and Rights with Respect to Collateral.

(a) Following
the delivery of an Event of Default Notice or following the occurrence, and during the continuance, of an Event of Default of the type
set forth in Section 7.01(f), each Lender may choose to exercise any remedies provided for herein or in any other Margin Loan Documentation,
or refrain from exercising such remedies, in its sole discretion with respect to the Collateral subject to its control under an Account
Control Agreement (including by virtue of an agency relationship with any Applicable Lender). No Lender shall have any fiduciary or other
duties to the other Lenders in connection with the exercise of remedies against the Collateral securing the Obligations owing to such
Lender or otherwise and no Lender shall interfere with such exercise of remedies or claim (or support any claim by any third party) that
a sale or other disposition of any Lenders Collateral by or on behalf of such Lender was not commercially reasonable. Any Lender
that has become an Accelerating Lender (other than upon the occurrence of any event in Section 7.01(f)) shall promptly notify each
Agent thereof.

(b) In
connection with any assignment by a Lender, Borrower agrees to, as promptly as practicable, (i) establish a separate Collateral Account
with Custodian, (ii) enter into an Account Control Agreement (in a form substantially identical to the other relevant Account Control
Agreements) in favor of the assignee with respect to such Collateral Accounts, (iii) enter into a Security Agreement (in a form substantially
identical to the other relevant Security Agreements) granting a Lien in favor of the assignee over such assignees Applicable Percentage
of the Collateral of each type, (iv) if reasonably requested by Custodian, enter into a customer account agreement or other agreement
with such intermediary, (v) make appropriate amendments to this Agreement and the other Margin Loan Documentation to reflect any
administrative or technical changes as are reasonably requested by the assigning Lender, the assignee or Administrative Agent, which do
not adversely affect Borrowers rights or obligations hereunder and (vi) in the event the assigning Lender cannot transfer
its rights under any applicable Eligible Letter of Credit without the consent of the issuing bank with respect thereto (and such consent
has not been obtained), cause the termination or reduction in the stated amount, as the case may be, of such existing Eligible Letter
of Credit, and the issuance of a new Eligible Letter of Credit in favor of the assignee, in each case, with respect to such portion of
the stated amount of the original Eligible Letter of Credit held by the assignor that constitutes the assigned portion of any Advance
prior to such assignments effectiveness (it being understood that, to the extent such termination or reduction and issuance has
not occurred prior to such assignments effectiveness, the assigning Lender shall be deemed to hold such original Eligible Letter
of Credit in trust for the benefit of itself and such assignee until such new issuance has occurred). In connection with any assignment
by a Lender of the entirety of its portion of any Advance hereunder, Borrower agrees that such Lenders rights and obligations under
the other Margin Loan Documentation may be assigned to the assignee.

- 61 - 

(c) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in the Margin Loan Documentation, Borrower, Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby agree that
(i) during the continuance of an Event of Default and (except in the case of an Event of Default of the type set forth in Section 7.01(f))
following the delivery of an Event of Default Notice, such Lender shall have the right individually to require Custodian (or the Applicable
Lender acting as agent of such Lender for purposes of perfection, if applicable) to realize upon any of the Collateral subject to such
Lenders control and to apply the proceeds thereof to the repayment of such Lenders portion of the outstanding Advances and
any other Obligations owing to such Lender and (ii) in the event of a foreclosure or similar enforcement action by such Lender on
its Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale or other disposition (including pursuant to Section 363(k), Section 1129(b)(2)(a)(ii) or
otherwise of the Bankruptcy Code), such Lender may be the purchaser or licensor of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale or other
disposition.

(d) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in the Margin Loan Documentation, when all Obligations (other than unasserted contingent indemnification
obligations) owing to any Lender have been paid in full, upon request of Borrower, such Lender shall (without notice to, or vote or consent
of, any other Lender) take such actions as shall be reasonably required to release its security interest in all Collateral under such
Lenders control.

(e) Each
Lender agrees that it will not challenge or question or support any other Person in challenging or questioning in any proceeding the validity,
attachment, perfection or priority of any Lien of any Applicable Lender under any Security Agreement or the validity or enforceability
of the priorities, rights or duties established by or other provisions of this Agreement.

(f) Each
Lender agrees with, and solely for the benefit of, each other Lender that it will not take any Bankruptcy Action with respect to Borrower.

Article 8

AGENTS

Section 8.01. Authorization
and Authority. Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., to act on its behalf as Administrative
Agent and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC as Calculation Agent under the Margin Loan Documentation and authorizes each Agent to take
such actions on such Lenders behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof or thereof,
together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article 8 are solely for the benefit
of the Agents and Lenders, and Borrower shall not have rights as third-party beneficiaries or otherwise of any of such provisions.

- 62 - 

Section 8.02. Agent
Individually.

(a) Each
Person serving as an Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise
the same as though it were not such Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly
indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include each Person serving as an Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such
Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for
and generally engage in any kind of business with Borrower or Affiliates thereof as if such Person were not an Agent hereunder and without
any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.

(b) Each
Lender understands that each Person serving as an Agent, acting in its individual capacity, and its Affiliates (collectively, an Agents
Group) are engaged in a wide range of financial services and businesses (including investment management, financing, securities
trading, corporate and investment banking and research) (such services and businesses are collectively referred to in this Section 8.02
as Activities) and may engage in the Activities with or on behalf of Borrower or its Affiliates. Furthermore,
an Agents Group may, in undertaking the Activities, engage in trading in financial products or undertake other investment businesses
for its own account or on behalf of others (including Borrower and its Affiliates and including holding, for its own account or on behalf
of others, equity, debt and similar positions in Borrower and its Affiliates), including trading in or holding long, short or derivative
positions in securities, loans or other financial products of one or more of Borrower and its Affiliates. Each Lender understands and
agrees that in engaging in the Activities, an Agents Group may receive or otherwise obtain information concerning Borrower and
its Affiliates (including information concerning the ability of Borrower to perform its obligations hereunder or under the other Margin
Loan Documentation) which information may not be available to any of the Lenders that are not members of an Agents Group. No Agent
nor any member of such Agents Group shall have any duty to disclose to any Lender or use on behalf of the Lenders, and shall not
be liable for the failure to so disclose or use, any information whatsoever about or derived from the Activities or otherwise (including
any information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of Borrower
or any Affiliate thereof) or to account for any revenue or profits obtained in connection with the Activities, except that an Agent shall
deliver or otherwise make available to each Lender such documents as are expressly required by this Agreement to be transmitted by an
Agent to the Lenders.

(c) Each
Lender further understands that there may be situations where members of an Agents Group or their respective customers (including
Borrower and its Affiliates) either now have or may in the future have interests or take actions that may conflict with the interests
of any one or more of the Lenders (including the interests of the Lenders hereunder). Each Lender agrees that no member of an Agents
Group is or shall be required to restrict its Activities as a result of the Person serving as an Agent being a member of such Agents
Group, and that each member of an Agents Group may undertake any Activities without further consultation with or notification to
any Lender. None of (i) the Margin Loan Documentation, (ii) the receipt by an Agents Group of information (including
Information) concerning Borrower or its Affiliates (including information concerning the ability of Borrower to perform its obligations
hereunder and under the other Margin Loan Documentation) nor (iii) any other matter shall give rise to any fiduciary, equitable or
contractual duties (including any duty of trust or confidence) owing by an Agent or any member of such Agents Group to any Lender
including any such duty that would prevent or restrict an Agents Group from acting on behalf of customers (including Borrower or
its Affiliates) or for its own account.

- 63 - 

Section 8.03. Duties
of the Agents; Exculpatory Provisions.

(a) An
Agents duties hereunder and under the other Margin Loan Documentation are solely ministerial and administrative in nature and no
Agent shall have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein or therein. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, an Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is
continuing, and an Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, but shall be required
to act or refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the written direction of the
Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of Lenders as shall be expressly provided herein) or as explicitly set forth in the
Margin Loan Documentation; provided that, other than explicitly set forth herein, an Agent shall not be required to take any action
or refrain from acting if, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, taking such action or so refraining from acting, as the case
may be, may expose such Agent or any of its Affiliates to liability or would, as determined by such Agent in good faith, be contrary to
this Agreement or applicable Law.

(b) No
Agent shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or
such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as such Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary,
including Administrative Agent sending an Event of Default Notice at the direction of any Lender, if such Agent believes in good faith
that the related Event of Default is of a type that would entitle such Lender to issue such direction) or (ii) in the absence of
its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. No Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge of any Facility Adjustment Event, Mandatory
Prepayment Event, Default or Event of Default or the event or events that give or may give rise to any Facility Adjustment Event, Mandatory
Prepayment Event, Default or Event of Default unless and until Borrower or any Lender shall have given notice to such Agent describing
such Facility Adjustment Event, Mandatory Prepayment Event, Default or Event of Default and such event or events.

(c) No
Agent nor any member of an Agents Group shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement,
warranty, representation or other information made or supplied in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Margin Loan Documentation,
(ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith
or the adequacy, accuracy and/or completeness of the information contained therein, (iii) the performance or observance of any of
the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Facility Adjustment Event,
Mandatory Prepayment Event, Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this
Agreement, any other Margin Loan Documentation or any other agreement, instrument or document or the perfection or priority of any Lien
or security interest created or purported to be created hereby or thereby or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article 4
or elsewhere herein, other than (but subject to the foregoing clause (ii)) to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered
to an Agent.

- 64 - 

(d) Nothing
in this Agreement shall require an Agent or any of its Related Parties to carry out any know your customer or other checks
in relation to any Person on behalf of any Lender and each Lender confirms to the Agents that it is solely responsible for any such checks
it is required to carry out and that it may not rely on any statement in relation to such checks made by an Agent or any of its Related
Parties.

Section 8.04. Reliance
by Agent. Each Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request,
certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, internet or intranet website
posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person.
Each Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person,
and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of any Advance
that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, each Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such
Lender unless an officer or Authorized Representative of such Agent responsible for the transactions contemplated hereby shall have received
notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of any Advance. Each Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel
for Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by
it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.

Section 8.05. Delegation
of Duties. An Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Margin
Loan Documentation by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by such Agent, and such Agent and any such sub- agent may perform
any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. Each such sub-agent and the
Related Parties of an Agent and each such sub-agent shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Article 8 and Margin
Loan Documentation (as though such sub-agents were an Agent hereunder and under the other Margin Loan Documentation) as
if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. No Agent shall be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except
to the extent that such Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents.

- 65 - 

Section 8.06. Resignation
of Agent. An Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to Lenders and Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of
resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with Borrower (unless an Event of Default shall have occurred
and be continuing (and not have been cured or waived)), to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New
York, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in New York, New York. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the
Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation (such
30-day period, the Lender Appointment Period), then the retiring Agent may on behalf of Lenders appoint a
successor Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above. In addition and without any obligation on the part of the retiring Agent to
appoint, on behalf of Lenders, a successor Agent, the retiring Agent may at any time upon or after the end of the Lender Appointment Period
notify Borrower and Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted appointment as successor Agent and of the effective date of such retiring
Agents resignation which effective date shall be no earlier than three (3) Business Days after the date of such notice. Upon
the resignation effective date established in such notice and regardless of whether a successor Agent has been appointed and accepted
such appointment, the retiring Agents resignation shall nonetheless become effective and (i) the retiring Agent shall be discharged
from its duties and obligations as an Agent hereunder and under the other Margin Loan Documentation but shall not be relieved of any of
its obligations as a Lender and (ii) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through such Agent
shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Agent as provided for
above in this Section 8.06. The successor shall be consented to by Borrower at all times other than during the existence of an Event
of Default that has not been cured or waived (which consent of Borrower shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed; provided
that Borrower may withhold such consent in its sole discretion if (x) such successor is not an Affiliate of Morgan Stanley Senior
Funding Inc. and (y) at the time such consent is being withheld, conditioned or delayed, (A) Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. (or any
Affiliate thereof) is a Lender and (B) Morgan Stanley Senior Funding Inc. (or any Affiliate thereof) is providing similar administrative
agency services in respect of margin lending transactions secured by common shares with other borrowers similarly situated to Borrower).
Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as an Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all
of the rights, powers, privileges and duties as an Agent of the retiring (or retired) Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged
from all of its duties and obligations as an Agent hereunder and/or under the other Margin Loan Documentation but shall not be relieved
of any of its obligations as a Lender (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section 8.06). The fees payable
by Borrower to a successor Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between Borrower and such
successor. After the retiring Agents resignation hereunder and under the other Margin Loan Documentation, the provisions of this
Article 8 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in
respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Agent was acting as an Agent. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, if at any time any Agent ceases to be a Lender hereunder, such Agent shall be deemed to have provided its notice
of resignation, which notice shall be automatically effective as of the date such Agent ceased to be a Lender hereunder.

Section 8.07. Non-Reliance
on Agents.

(a) Each
Lender confirms to the Agents, each other Lender and each of their respective Related Parties that it (i) possesses (individually
or through its Related Parties) such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable, without reliance on
the Agents, any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, of evaluating the merits and risks (including tax, legal, regulatory,
credit, accounting and other financial matters) of (x) entering into this Agreement, (y) making its portion of any Advance and
(z) taking or not taking actions hereunder, (ii) is financially able to bear such risks and (iii) has determined that entering
into this Agreement and making its portion of any Advance is suitable and appropriate for it.

- 66 - 

(b) Each
Lender acknowledges that (i) it is solely responsible for making its own independent appraisal and investigation of all risks arising
under or in connection with this Agreement and the other Margin Loan Documentation, (ii) it has, independently and without reliance
upon the Agents, any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, made its own appraisal and investigation of all risks associated
with, and its own credit analysis and decision to enter into, this Agreement based on such documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate and (iii) it will, independently and without reliance upon the Agents, any other Lender or any of their respective Related
Parties, continue to be solely responsible for making its own appraisal and investigation of all risks arising under or in connection
with, and its own credit analysis and decision to take or not take action under, this Agreement and the other Margin Loan Documentation
based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, which may include, without limitation, in each
case:

(i) the
financial condition, status and capitalization of Borrower;

(ii) the
legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy or enforceability of this Agreement and the other Margin Loan Documentation and any other
agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with this Agreement;

(iii) determining
compliance or non-compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of any Advance and the form and substance of all evidence delivered
in connection with establishing the satisfaction of each such condition; or

(iv) the
adequacy, accuracy and/or completeness of any other information delivered by the Agents, any other Lender or by any of their respective
Related Parties under or in connection with this Agreement, the other Margin Loan Documentation, the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby or any other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection
with this Agreement.

Section 8.08. Erroneous
Payments.

(a) With
respect to any payment that Administrative Agent makes to any Lender as to which Administrative Agent determines (in its sole and absolute
discretion) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount): (i) Borrower
has not in fact made the corresponding payment to Administrative Agent; (ii) Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of
the amount(s) received by it from Borrower either individually or in the aggregate (whether or not then owed); or (iii) Administrative
Agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment; then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to Administrative
Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Lender in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for
each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to Administrative Agent, at
a rate determined by Administrative Agent in accordance with prevailing banking industry practice on interbank compensation.

- 67 - 

(b) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if at any time Administrative Agent determines (in its sole and absolute discretion) that
it has made a payment hereunder in error to any Lender, whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by Borrower at such time,
where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each such Person receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to
repay to Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Person in immediately available funds in the
currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but
excluding the date of payment to Administrative Agent, at a rate determined by Administrative Agent in accordance with prevailing banking
industry practice on interbank compensation. Each Lender irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value
(under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another),
good consideration, change of position or similar defenses (whether at law or in equity) to its obligation
to return any Rescindable Amount. Administrative Agent shall inform each Lender that received a Rescindable Amount promptly upon determining
that any payment made to such Person comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. Each Persons obligations, agreements
and waivers under this Section 8.08 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights
or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitment and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge
of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under this Agreement.

Section 8.09. Certain
ERISA Matters. Each Lender, other than the Initial Lender, (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became
a Lender party hereto, to and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases
being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, each Agent and their respective Affiliates (and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or
for the benefit of Borrower or any of its affiliates) that at least one of the following is and will be true:

(a) such
Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection
with any Advances hereunder;

(b) the
transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84- 14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent
qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts),
PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption
for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined
by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and
performance of any Advances and this Agreement;

(c) (i) such
Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE
84-14), (ii) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate
in, administer and perform any Advances and this Agreement, (iii) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance
of any Advances and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and
(iv) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with
respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of any Advances and this Agreement;
or

- 68 - 

(d) such
other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such
Lender.

In addition, unless sub-clause
(a) above is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided
in sub-clause (d) above, such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto,
to and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party
hereto, for the benefit of, each Agent and their respective Affiliates (and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of
Borrower or any of its affiliates) that none of the Agents or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets
of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by Administrative Agent under this Agreement or
any documents related to hereto or thereto).

Article 9

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 9.01. Amendments;
Adjustments. Neither this Agreement nor any of the other Margin Loan Documentation nor any provision hereof or thereof may be
waived, amended, modified or supplemented, nor any consent granted to any deviation to the terms hereof or thereof, except pursuant to
an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Required Lenders and Borrower, and acknowledged by Administrative Agent; provided
that no such amendment, waiver, modification, supplement or consent shall, directly or indirectly, without the consent of each Lender
party hereto:

(a) waive
any condition set forth in Article 4;

(b) extend
or increase the Commitment (or any portion thereof) or reinstate the terminated Commitment (or any portion thereof);

(c) postpone
any date on which any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders or Agents is required to be made hereunder
or under any other Margin Loan Documentation;

(d) change
the principal amount of, or the rate at which interest accrues on, any Advance, or any fees payable hereunder;

(e) change
the definition of Acceptable Collateral, Acceptable Letter of Credit Issuer, Collateral Shortfall,
Eligible Letter of Credit, Facility Adjustment Event, LTV Ratio, Make-Whole Amount
or Mandatory Prepayment Event (or, in each case, any defined term used therein), or increase the LTV Reset Level, the LTV
Margin Call Level, the LTV Release Level or the Maximum Initial LTV Level;

- 69 - 

(f) permit
the assignment or transfer by Borrower of any of its rights and obligations under any Margin Loan Documentation;

(g) permit
the release of any Collateral other than in accordance with the Margin Loan Documentation;

(h) modify
the definition of Applicable Percentage or Pro Rata Basis or otherwise affect the manner in which payments
are shared, or Collateral or Eligible Letters of Credit are allocated, ratably among the Lenders;

(i) modify
Section 2.06 (other than clause (a) thereof), Section 2.13, Section 2.15, Section 5.11, Section 5.12, Section 6.01,
Section 6.02, Section 6.07, Section 6.11, Section 6.15, Section 7.01(a), Section 7.01(b), Section 7.01(c),
Section 7.01(f), Section 7.01(h), Section 7.02(a), Section 7.02(e) or Section 7.02(f);

(j) modify
this Section 9.01 or any other provision herein that expressly requires the consent of all Lenders or Required Lenders for any matter
or the definition of Required Lenders; or

(k) materially
impair or diminish, or circumvent, any term or provision specified above (including, without limitation, by modifying any defined term
used therein or any provision referenced therein);

provided, further,
that (i) the provisions set forth in Article 8 shall not be waived, amended, modified or supplemented, nor any consent granted
to any deviation thereto, without the consent of each Agent affected thereby and (ii) neither Section 2.07 nor Section 2.08
shall be amended or waived in a way that adversely affects any Lender without such Lenders consent.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
each Lender agrees with each other Lender and with Borrower that no amendment, termination or supplement shall be made to any Security
Agreement or Account Control Agreement, and no new Margin Loan Documentation shall be entered into with any Lender (subject, for the avoidance
of doubt, to Section 2.13), unless a substantially identical amendment, termination or supplement is made to each other Security
Agreement or Account Control Agreement, or substantially identical Margin Loan Documentation is entered into with each other Lender, as
the case may be.

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary herein, upon the occurrence of any Facility Adjustment Event, Calculation Agent shall (a) adjust one or more of the
terms or provisions of the Facility as Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of the Facility Adjustment Event
on the Facility (unless Calculation Agent determines that no such adjustment is necessary), and (b) determine the effective time
of the adjustment (and may take into account, to the extent applicable to such Facility Adjustment Event, among other factors, volatility,
correlation, liquidity and free float of the Shares or any other Collateral and Transfer Restrictions and Restrictive Conditions, in each
case, relative to the Shares or, if applicable, any other Collateral prior to giving effect to the relevant event, and legal and regulatory
factors, including regulatory capital considerations relevant to Lenders).

- 70 - 

Within two (2) Business
Days following the later of (x) the date of occurrence of any Facility Adjustment Event and (y) the date on which all information
material to a reasonable determination (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of the relevant adjustment under this Section 9.01
in respect of such Facility Adjustment Event, as determined by Calculation Agent, is available to Calculation Agent, Calculation Agent
shall notify each Lender of the adjustments to the terms or provisions of the Facility that it proposes to make in respect thereof (a
Proposed Adjustment Notice), and the proposed effective time therefor (or its determination that no such adjustment
is necessary`). If, within three (3) Business Days of receiving such Proposed Adjustment Notice, the Required Lenders notify Calculation
Agent in writing that they disagree with such proposed adjustments or effective time (or Calculation Agents determination that
no such adjustment is necessary), and include in such notice an alternative set of adjustments (or determination that no such adjustment
is necessary) that the Required Lenders propose to make in respect of such Facility Adjustment Event that comply with the provisions set
forth in Section 9.18 (which shall apply for this purpose as if Lenders sending such notice were Calculation Agent), and, if applicable,
a proposed effective time therefor (which effective time shall be no earlier than the time of such determination), then Calculation Agent
shall notify Borrower that such alternative adjustments apply as of such effective time. Except with the consent or at the direction of
the Required Lenders, Calculation Agent shall not make any adjustment in respect of a Facility Adjustment Event or notify Borrower of
its determination that no such adjustment is necessary prior to the earlier of (i) the fifth (5th) Business Day following the later
of the date of occurrence thereof and the date on which all information material to a reasonable determination (as determined by the Calculation
Agent) of the relevant adjustment under this Section 9.01 in respect of such Facility Adjustment Event, as reasonably determined
by Calculation Agent, is reasonably available to Calculation Agent and (ii) its receipt of notice from the Required Lenders of any
alternative adjustments (and a proposed effective time therefor) or that they agree with Calculation Agents proposed adjustments
(and the effective time therefor) or determination that no such adjustment is necessary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Calculation Agent
may make adjustments (or determine that no adjustment would produce a commercially reasonable result or that no adjustment is necessary)
in respect of a Facility Adjustment Event if a Collateral Shortfall shall have occurred during the Adjustment Determination Period in
respect of such Facility Adjustment Event (it being understood that notice of such adjustment is not a Proposed Adjustment Notice), and,
notwithstanding Section 2.06(c)(i), immediately after making such adjustment (or determining that no adjustment would produce a commercially
reasonable result or that no adjustment is necessary), such Adjustment Determination Period shall be deemed ended and, if a Collateral
Shortfall is occurring on such date, Administrative Agent (or a Lender if Administrative Agent does not deliver a Collateral Call Notice
by 6:00 p.m.) may deliver a Collateral Call Notice on such date in respect of such Collateral Shortfall. Any such adjustments pursuant
to this paragraph shall be binding on all parties to the Margin Loan Documentation and all such parties shall enter into such documentation
required or reasonably requested by Calculation Agent to reflect such adjustments.

- 71 - 

Section 9.02. Notices;
Effectiveness; Electronic Communications.

(a) Notices
Generally. All notices and other communications provided for herein (including any Collateral Call Notice and Mandatory Prepayment
Event Notice) shall be in writing and shall be delivered (i) by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered
mail or sent by facsimile as follows, or (ii) by electronic mail to the applicable e-mail address, as follows:

(i) if to Borrower, to:

Star Investment Holdings SPV LLC

1114 Avenue of the Americas,
39th

Floor New York, NY 10036 

Attention: [REDACTED]

(ii) if to Administrative Agent, to:

Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. 

1585 Broadway 

New York, NY 10036 

Attn: [REDACTED] 

Telephone No.: [REDACTED] 

Email: [REDACTED]

With copies to the following:

[REDACTED]

(iii) if to the Initial Lender, to:

Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 

1 New York Plaza 

41st Floor 

New York, NY 10004 

Attn: [REDACTED] 

Telephone No.: [REDACTED] 

Email: [REDACTED]

With copies to the following:

[REDACTED]

Notices and other communications
sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received;
notices and other communications sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, (x) other than in the
case of a Collateral Call Notice or a Mandatory Prepayment Event Notice, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient,
such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient
or (y) in the case of a Collateral Call Notice or a Mandatory Prepayment Event Notice, if not given by the Notice Deadline on any
Scheduled Trading Day, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Scheduled
Trading Day). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications shall be effective as provided in Section 9.02(b).

- 72 - 

(b) Electronic
Communications. (i) Notices and other communications sent to an email address shall be deemed received when sent absent receipt
of a failure to deliver notice within 30 minutes of such notice or communication being sent (it being understood that an out of
office reply does not constitute a failure to deliver notice for this purpose); provided that (x) other than in the
case of a Collateral Call Notice or a Mandatory Prepayment Event Notice, if such notice or other communication is not sent during the
normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the
next Business Day for the recipient, or (y) in the case of a Collateral Call Notice or a Mandatory Prepayment Event Notice, if such
notice or other communication is not sent by the Notice Deadline on any Scheduled Trading Day, such notice or communication shall be deemed
to have been given at the opening of business on the next Scheduled Trading Day and (ii) notices or communications posted to an internet
or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the
foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor.

(c) Change
of Address, Etc. Each of Borrower and Administrative Agent may change its address, facsimile, telephone number or e-mail address for
notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto (or, in the case of Borrower, by notice to Administrative
Agent, who shall provide such notice to the other parties hereto). Each Lender may change its address, facsimile, telephone number or
e-mail for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to Administrative Agent, who shall promptly notify Borrower thereof. In
addition, each Lender agrees to notify Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that Administrative Agent has on record (i) an
effective address, contact name, telephone number, facsimile number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications
may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender.

(d) Platform.

(i) Borrower
agrees that an Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the Electronic Information available to the other Lenders by posting the
Electronic Information on the Platform.

(ii) The
Platform is provided as is and as available. The Agents Group does not warrant the adequacy of the
Platform and expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in the Electronic Information. No warranty of any kind, express, implied
or statutory, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party
rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any member of an Agents Group in connection with the Electronic
Information or the Platform. In no event shall any member of an Agents Group or any of its Related Parties have any liability to
Borrower, a Lender or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including, without limitation, direct or indirect, special,
incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of Borrowers or any
Agents transmissions through the Platform.

- 73 - 

(e) Reliance
by Lenders. Each Lender and each Agent shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices purportedly given by or on behalf of Borrower.
All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with any Lender or any Agent may be recorded by such Lender or such Agent,
and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.

Section 9.03. No
Waiver; Remedies.

(a) No
failure or delay of any Lender or any Agent in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Margin Loan Documentation shall
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance
of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power.
The rights and remedies of Agents and Lenders hereunder and under any other Margin Loan Documentation are cumulative and are not exclusive
of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of any Margin Loan Documentation or consent to any
departure by Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by Section 9.01, and then such
waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. No notice to or demand on Borrower
in any case shall entitle Borrower to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances or constitute a waiver of
the rights of Agents and Lenders to any other or further action in any circumstances without notice or demand. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the making of any Advance shall not, in and of itself, be construed as a waiver of any Event of Default, regardless
of whether Lenders may have had notice or knowledge of such Event of Default at the time.

(b) Each
Advance is made with full recourse to Borrower and constitutes direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated Indebtedness of Borrower.

(c) Borrower
and Lender acknowledge and agree that the Margin Loan Documentation collectively are intended to constitute a margin loan
as used in the definition of securities contract provided in Section 741(7) of the Bankruptcy Code and that each
delivery, transfer, payment and grant of a security interest made or required to be made hereunder or contemplated hereby or made, required
to be made or contemplated in connection herewith is a transfer and a margin payment or a settlement
payment within the meaning of Section 362(b)(6) and/or (27) and Section 546(e) and/or (j) of the Bankruptcy
Code. As a result of the foregoing, Borrower acknowledges and agrees that if Borrower or its property becomes subject to any proceedings
under Debtor Relief Laws, Lender may exercise remedies against the Collateral during the pendency of such proceedings without obtaining
any order, judgment or other relief from the relevant bankruptcy court or any other Governmental Authority, and Borrower agrees not to
challenge any such exercise of remedies. In addition, the parties further acknowledge and agree that all obligations under or in connection
with the Margin Loan Documentation represent obligations in respect of termination values, payment amounts
or other transfer obligations within the meaning of Sections 362 and 561 of the Bankruptcy Code. The parties further acknowledge
and agree that the Margin Loan Documentation collectively constitutes a master netting agreement within the meaning of the
Bankruptcy Code.

- 74 - 

Section 9.04. Costs
and Expenses; Indemnification; Damage Waiver.

(a) Costs
and Expenses. Borrower shall pay promptly (i) all actual, reasonable and documented costs and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by Lenders and each Agent, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one primary counsel for Lenders
and Agents (and one local counsel in the jurisdiction of the Issuer, if relevant) in connection with the Facility, including syndication
thereof, the preparation and administration of the Margin Loan Documentation or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions
of the Margin Loan Documentation (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), and (ii) all
reasonable costs and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Lenders and each Agent, including the fees, charges and disbursements
of any counsel for Lenders and Agents in connection with the enforcement, collection or protection of its rights in connection with the
Margin Loan Documentation, including its rights under this Section 9.04, or in connection with any Advance made hereunder, including
all such expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of any Advance.

(b) Indemnification
by Borrower. Borrower shall indemnify Lenders, each Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and each Related Party of any of the foregoing
Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any
and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements
of one primary counsel (and one local counsel in the jurisdiction of the Issuer, if relevant, and, in the case of an actual or perceived
conflict of interest where any Indemnitee affected by such conflict notifies Borrower thereof and, with Borrowers consent (such
consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), retains their own counsel and informs Borrower, of another firm of counsel
for such affected Indemnitee and each similarly situated Indemnitee, taken as a whole) for the Indemnitees, taken as a whole, incurred
by or asserted against such Indemnitee by any third party or by Borrower or any Related Party of Borrower arising out of, in connection
with, or as a result of, (i) this Agreement, any other Margin Loan Documentation or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby
or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, the enforcement or protection
of their rights hereunder and thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (which shall not include
any hedging activities by any Indemnitee), any other Margin Loan Documentation or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby,
(ii) any Advance or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom, or (iii) any actual or prospective claim, litigation,
investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by
a third party or by Borrower or any other Related Party of Borrower, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided
that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or
related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from
the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties, (y) arise out of any dispute
among Indemnitees (other than a dispute involving claims against Administrative Agent or any Calculation Agent, in each case in their
respective capacities as such) that did not involve actions or omissions of Borrower or its Affiliates or (z) result from a claim
brought by Borrower against an Indemnitee for a material breach in bad faith of such Indemnitees obligations hereunder or under
any other Margin Loan Documentation, if Borrower has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined
by a court of competent jurisdiction. Each Indemnitee shall be severally obligated to refund or return any and all amounts paid by Borrower
pursuant to this Section 9.04(b) to such Indemnitee to the extent a court of competent jurisdiction determines, in a final,
non-appealable judgment, that such Indemnitee is not entitled to payment of such amounts in accordance with the terms hereof.

- 75 - 

(c) Waiver
of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, any
claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct
or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Margin Loan Documentation or any agreement
or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Advance or the use of the proceeds thereof. No
Indemnitee referred to in Subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any
information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection
with this Agreement or the other Margin Loan Documentation or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, except to the extent such
charges result from the willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence of such Indemnitee.

(d) Post-Default
Hedging Costs. After (i) the occurrence of an Event of Default and (ii) acceleration of the Obligations of any Lender, Borrower
shall pay, on demand, such Lenders (or its Affiliates) costs (including the cost of put options), losses (including market
losses), charges, fees, expenses, Taxes or duties of any kind directly relating to its (x) Advance or (y) acquisition, establishment,
re-establishment, substitution, maintenance, unwinding or disposition of, or realization or recovery of the proceeds of, or any part thereof,
any transaction(s) entered into by Lender or its Affiliate to hedge the market risk of the Collateral. Borrowers obligation
under this Subsection (d) shall survive termination of the Facility and payment in full of all other Obligations.

(e) Reimbursement
by Lenders. To the extent that Borrower for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under clause (a) or (b) of
this Section to be paid by it to any Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally
agrees to pay to such Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lenders Applicable Percentage
(determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount; provided
that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by
or asserted against such Agent (or any such sub-agent) in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting
for such Agent (or any such sub- agent) in connection with such capacity. The obligations of Lenders under this clause (e) are subject
to the provisions of Section 2.12.

- 76 - 

(f) Payments.
All amounts due under this Section 9.04 shall be payable promptly and in any event not later than ten (10) Business Days after
demand therefor; provided that any amounts accelerated upon an Event of Default shall be payable immediately.

(g) Survival.
The agreements in this Section 9.04 shall survive the termination of the Facility and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of
all the other Obligations.

Section 9.05. Payments
Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of Borrower is made to any of Administrative Agent or Lenders (or Administrative
Agent on behalf of Lenders), or Administrative Agent or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of
such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including
pursuant to any settlement entered into by any Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection
with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally
intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had
not occurred.

Section 9.06. Governing
Law; Submission to Jurisdiction.

(a) Governing
Law. The Margin Loan Documentation shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without
giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions other than Section 5-1401 of the New York General Obligations Law, but giving effect
to federal laws applicable to national banks.

(b) Submission
to Jurisdiction. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction
of any U.S. federal or New York State court sitting in New York, New York in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this
Agreement or any other Margin Loan Documentation, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby
irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such
New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any
such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner
provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Margin Loan Documentation shall affect any right that Lenders may otherwise have
to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Margin Loan Documentation against Borrower or its properties
in the courts of any jurisdiction.

(c) Waiver
of Venue. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do
so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Agreement or any other Margin Loan Documentation in any court referred to in Subsection above. Each of the parties hereto hereby
irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or
proceeding in any such court.

- 77 - 

(d) Service
of Process. Each party hereto irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.02(a).
Nothing in this Agreement or any other Margin Loan Documentation will affect the right of any party hereto to serve process in any other
manner permitted by applicable Law.

(e) WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE
TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER MARGIN LOAN
DOCUMENTATION OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO
(A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER
PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER
PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER MARGIN LOAN DOCUMENTATION BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL
WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.06(E).

Section 9.07. Successors
and Assigns.

(a) The
provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
assigns permitted hereby, except that Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder or under
any other Margin Loan Documentation without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders (and any attempted
assignment or transfer by Borrower without such consent shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall
be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby and, to
the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason
of this Agreement. After the Funding Date, a Lender may assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations
under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its portion of any Advance), with the prior written consent of Borrower (not to be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided that no consent of Borrower shall be required if (i) an Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing or (ii) such assignment is to an Affiliate of such Lender, another Lender, an Approved Fund
or a Permitted Assignee; provided, further, that (x) Borrowers refusal to accept an assignment to a Disqualified Lender
shall be deemed to be reasonable and (y) Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any assignment unless it shall object thereto
by written notice to Administrative Agent and such Lender within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof. Subject
to notification to Administrative Agent of an assignment and recording thereof pursuant to clause (b) below, the assignee shall be
a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned, have the rights and obligations of such Lender under this Agreement, and such
assigning Lender shall, to the extent of the interest assigned, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case
of an assignment covering all of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party
hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.07, Section 2.08, Section 9.04 and Section 9.13).
Borrower hereby agrees to execute any amendment and/or any other document that may be reasonably necessary to effectuate such an assignment.

- 78 - 

(b) The
parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption. Administrative Agent, acting
solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of Borrower, shall maintain a copy of each Assignment and Assumption and a register for
the recordation of the names and addresses of Lender, and the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the portion
of any Advance owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries
in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and Borrower, Administrative Agent and Lenders shall treat each Person whose
name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall
be available for inspection by Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

(c) After
the Funding Date, a Lender may sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (excluding Parent, Borrower, Issuer and
each of their respective Affiliates and Subsidiaries and any natural person) without the prior consent of Borrower (a Participant),
in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Margin Loan Documentation (including
all or a portion of any Advance); provided that (x) such Lenders obligations under the Margin Loan Documentation shall
remain unchanged, (y) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to Borrower for the performance of such obligations and Borrower
and the Agents shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with Lenders rights and obligations under
this Agreement. Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.07 and Section 2.08 (subject
to the limitations and requirements of those Sections) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment
pursuant to this Section 9.07. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.14
as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of Borrower,
maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each
Participants interest in any Advance or other obligations under the Margin Loan Documentation (the Participant Register);
provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity
of any Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in the Commitment, any Advance or its other obligations
under any Margin Loan Documentation) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that the Commitment,
Advance or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries
in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded
in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.

(d) A
Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.07 and Section 2.08 than a Lender would have
been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, except to the extent such entitlement to receive
a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. A Participants
entitlement to the benefits of Section 2.08 shall be subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements
under Section 2.08(e) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.08(e) shall be delivered
to such Lender).

- 79 - 

(e) Any
Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations
of such Lender, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no
such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such
pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.

(f) No
Agent shall be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with
the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Lenders. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no Agent shall (i) be obligated
to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or Participant or prospective Lender or Participant is a Disqualified Lender
or (ii) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of all or any portion of any Advance,
or disclosure of confidential information, to any Disqualified Lender.

Section 9.08. Severability.
Any provision of any Margin Loan Documentation held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions thereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such
provision in any other jurisdiction.

Section 9.09. Counterparts;
Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts),
each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and
the other Margin Loan Documentation constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede
any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall become
effective when it shall have been executed by each of the parties hereto and when each of the parties hereto shall have received counterparts
hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby. Delivery of an executed counterpart
of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually
executed counterpart of this Agreement. The words execute, execution, signed, signature,
and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby (including without limitation any Assignment and Assumption, amendments or other modifications, a Borrowing Notice, waivers and
consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic
platforms approved by Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect,
validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the
extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the
New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act;
provided that, notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Administrative Agent is under no obligation to agree
to accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed by Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved
by it.

- 80 - 

Section 9.10. Survival.
All agreements, representations and warranties made herein shall survive the execution and delivery of the Margin Loan Documentation and
the making of any Advance, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Advance
or any other Obligation under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid or unsatisfied. The provisions of Section 2.07, Section 2.08,
Section 9.04 and Section 9.13 shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, the repayment of any Advance, the resignation or replacement of Administrative Agent, the assignment of rights by
any Lender or the termination of this Agreement or any other Margin Loan Documentation or any provision hereof or thereof.

Section 9.11. Confidentiality.
Subject to Section 5.06, each Lender and each Agent agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below)
pursuant to the requirements hereof and in accordance with such Agents or Lenders, as applicable, customary procedures for
handling confidential information of such nature, except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors,
officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom
such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential),
(b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority having jurisdiction over such Lender (in which case the disclosing party
agrees to inform Borrower promptly of such disclosure to the extent practicable, unless such notice is prohibited by applicable Law and
except in connection with any request as part of a regulatory examination), (c) to the extent required by applicable Laws or regulations
or by any subpoena or similar legal process (in which case the disclosing party agrees to inform Borrower promptly of such disclosure
to the extent permitted by law and practicable and except in connection with a regulatory examination of an audit or examination conducted
by bank accountants), (d) to any other party to this Agreement,

(a) in
connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any other Margin Loan Documentation, (f) subject to an agreement containing
provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 9.11, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective
assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty
(or its advisors) to any swap, derivative or hedging transaction relating to Borrower and its obligations, (g) with the consent of
Borrower or (h) to the extent such Information (1) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 9.11
by such Lender or (2) becomes available to such Lender on a non-confidential basis from a source other than Borrower or its Affiliates
or (3) is independently developed by such Lender without use of the Information. For the purposes of this Section 9.11, Information
means all information received from Borrower relating to Borrower or its business hereunder or pursuant hereto, other than any such information
that is available to Lenders on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by Borrower; provided that, in the case of information
received from Borrower after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person
required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 9.11 shall be considered to have complied with
its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such
Person would accord to its own confidential information. Borrower agrees that the obligations of Lenders and Agents in this Section 9.11
shall not be interpreted to restrict any such Lender or Agent or their Affiliates from transacting in Shares or related securities.

- 81 - 

Section 9.12. No
Advisory or Fiduciary Relationship. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby and by the other Margin
Loan Documentation (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Margin Loan Documentation),
Borrower acknowledges and agrees that: (a) (i) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by Lenders
and Agents are arms-length commercial transactions between Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and Lenders, the Agents
and their respective Affiliates, on the other hand, (ii) Borrower has consulted their own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors
to the extent they have deemed appropriate, and (iii) Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understand and accept, the terms, risks
and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Margin Loan Documentation; (b) (i) Lenders and Agents
are and have been acting solely as principals and, except as expressly agreed in writing herein or otherwise by the relevant parties,
have not been, are not, and will not be acting as advisors, agents or fiduciaries for Borrower or any of its Affiliates, or any other
Person and (ii) Lenders and Agents have no obligation to Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Margin Loan Documentation; and (c) Lenders, Agents and
their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of Borrower
and its Affiliates, and Lenders and Agents have no obligations to disclose any of such interests to Borrower or any of its Affiliates.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against Lenders, Agents or their
respective Affiliates with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction
contemplated hereby.

Section 9.13. Right
of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Lenders, Agents and each of their respective Affiliates
(each, a Set-off Party) are hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other
obligations at any time owing by such Set-off Party to or for the credit or the account of Borrower against any of and all the obligations
and liabilities of Borrower, irrespective of whether or not the relevant Set-off Party shall have made any demand under the Margin Loan
Documentation and although such obligations may be unmatured. The parties agree each of the Collateral Accounts is a general and not special
account. The rights of each Set-off Party under this Section 9.13 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights
of setoff) that such Set-off Party may have. The applicable Set-off Party shall notify Borrower promptly after any such setoff and application.

Section 9.14. Judgment
Currency. If a judgment, order or award is rendered by any court or tribunal for the payment of any amounts owing to Lenders under
this Agreement or any other Margin Loan Documentation or for the payment of damages in respect of a judgment or order of another court
or tribunal for the payment of such amount or damages, such judgment, order or award being expressed in a currency (the Judgment
Currency) other than Dollars, Borrower agrees (a) that its obligations in respect of any such amounts owing shall
be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following Lenders receipt of any sum adjudged in the Judgment Currency,
Lenders may purchase Dollars with the Judgment Currency, and (b) to indemnify and hold harmless Lenders against any deficiency in
terms of Dollars in the amounts actually received by Lenders following any such purchase (after deduction of any premiums and costs of
exchange payable in connection with the purchase of, or conversion into, Dollars). The indemnity set forth in the preceding sentence shall
(notwithstanding any judgment referred to in the preceding sentence) constitute an obligation of Borrower separate and independent from
its other obligations hereunder, and shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

- 82 - 

Section 9.15. USA
PATRIOT Act Notice. Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed
into law October 26, 2001)), as amended (the Act), and Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf
of any Lender) hereby notifies Borrower that, pursuant to the requirements of the Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information
that identifies Borrower, which information includes the name and address of Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender
or Administrative Agent, as the case may be, to identify Borrower in accordance with the Act. Borrower agrees to promptly provide any
Lender with all of the information requested by such Lender (x) to the extent such Lender deems such information reasonably necessary
to identify Borrower in accordance with the Act or

(a) in
connection with such Lenders standard on boarding process (including, without limitation, pursuant to know
your customer or anti-money laundering requirements).

Section 9.16. Interest
Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Advance,
together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on any Advance under applicable Law (collectively the
Charges), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate) which may be
contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by a Lender holding any Advance in accordance with applicable Law, the rate of interest
payable in respect of any Advance hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate
and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of any Advance but were not payable as a result
of the operation of this Section 9.16 shall be cumulated until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal
Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender.

Section 9.17. Disclosure.
Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that Lenders and/or their Affiliates from time to time may hold investments in, make loans to
or have other relationships with Issuer or its Affiliates.

Section 9.18. Calculation
Agent Determinations.

(a) All
calculations and determinations made by Calculation Agent shall be made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Upon receipt
of written request from Borrower or any Lender, Calculation Agent shall promptly provide Borrower or such Lender with a written explanation
describing in reasonable detail any calculation, adjustment or determination made by it or its Affiliates (including any quotations, market
data or information from internal or external sources used in making such calculation, adjustment or determination, as the case may be,
but without disclosing Calculation Agents proprietary or confidential models or other information that may be proprietary or confidential
or subject to contractual, legal or regulatory obligations to not disclose such information) and shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to provide such written explanation within five (5) Business Days from the receipt of such request.

- 83 - 

(b) If
the Required Lenders notify Calculation Agent that they disagree with any calculation, adjustment or determination made by Calculation
Agent hereunder (or any failure by Calculation Agent to make any calculation, adjustment or determination hereunder) and include in such
notice a proposed alternative calculation, adjustment or determination that complies with subsection (a) above (which shall apply
for this purpose as if the Lenders sending such notice were Calculation Agent), Calculation Agent shall promptly notify Borrower that
such alternative calculation, adjustment or determination applies, and such alternative calculation, adjustment or determination shall
be binding on all parties to the Margin Loan Documentation.

(c) If
any provision of the Margin Loan Documentation provides for an action, determination, notice or instruction on the part of the Lenders,
the Required Lenders, and/or any Agent, the Lenders and/or any such Agent may, but shall not be required to, consult with one another
in considering such action, determination, notice or instruction.

Section 9.19. Acknowledgment
and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other
agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial
Institution arising under any Margin Loan Documentation, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and
Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a) the
application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which
may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and

(b) the
application of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable;

(i) a
reduction in ull or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii) a
conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution,
its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments
of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Margin
Loan Document; or

(iii) the
variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution
Authority.

- 84 - 

Section 9.20. Qualified
Financial Contract. The parties agree that the terms of Section 1 and Section 2 and the related defined terms (together,
the Bilateral Terms) of the form of bilateral template entitled Full-Length Omnibus (for use between
U.S. G-SIBs and Corporate Groups) published by ISDA on November 2, 2018 (currently available on the 2018 ISDA U.S. Resolution
Stay Protocol page at www.isda.org and a copy of which is available upon request), the effect of which is to amend the qualified
financial contracts between the parties thereto to conform with the requirements of the QFC Stay Rules, are hereby incorporated into and
form a part of this Agreement and each other Margin Loan Documentation, and for such purposes this Agreement and each other Margin Loan
Documentation shall each be deemed a Covered Agreement, each party that is a Regulated Entity shall be deemed a Covered
Entity and each party (whether or not it is a Regulated Entity) shall be deemed a Counterparty Entity with respect
to each other party that is a Regulated Entity. In the event of any inconsistencies between this Agreement or any other Margin Loan Documentation
and the Bilateral Terms, the Bilateral Terms will govern. Terms used in this paragraph without definition shall have the meanings assigned
to them under the QFC Stay Rules.

QFC Stay Rules
means the regulations codified at 12 C.F.R. 252.2, 252.81-8, 12 C.F.R. 382.1-7 and 12 C.F.R. 
47.1-8, which, subject to limited exceptions, require an express recognition of the stay-and-transfer powers of the FDIC under the Federal
Deposit Insurance Act and the Orderly Liquidation Authority under Title II of the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act and the override of default rights related directly or indirectly to the entry of an affiliate into certain insolvency proceedings
and any restrictions on the transfer of any covered affiliate credit enhancements.

Regulated Entity
means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
382.2(b).

[END OF TEXT]

- 85 - 

ANNEX I

(a) Benchmark
Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any Margin Loan Documentation, if a Benchmark Transition Event
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark
Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (a) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark
Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes under all Margin Loan Documentation in respect
of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party
to, any Margin Loan Documentation and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (b) of the definition
of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for
all purposes under all Margin Loan Documentation in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on
the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment
to, or further action or consent of any other party to, any other Margin Loan Documentation so long as the Administrative Agent has not
received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. If the
Benchmark Replacement is based upon Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a quarterly basis.

(b) Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement,
the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in any Margin Loan Documentation, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action
or consent of any other party to any Margin Loan Documentation.

(c) Notices;
Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the
implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration,
adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will notify the Borrower of (x) the removal or reinstatement
of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (d) of this Annex and (y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period.
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders)
pursuant to this Annex, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence
of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and
binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to any Margin Loan
Documentation, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Annex.

(d) Unavailability
of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any Margin Loan Documentation, at any time (including
in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term
SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes
such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor
for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such
Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period
(or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative
tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen
or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement
that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify
the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time
to reinstate such previously removed tenor.

Annex I to Margin Loan Agreement 

(e) Definitions.

Available Tenor
means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a
term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period
pursuant to the Margin Loan Documentation or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark
(or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to
such Benchmark pursuant to the Margin Loan Documentation, in each case, as of such date.

Benchmark
means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the
Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the
extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (a) of this Annex.

Benchmark Replacement
means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the
Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date:

(a) the
sum of: (i) Daily Simple SOFR and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or

(b) the
sum of (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the relevant Governmental Authority applicable for the relevant
tenor and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or

(c) the
sum of: (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been mutually agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due
consideration to any then- prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then- current Benchmark
and (ii) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

Annex I to Margin Loan Agreement 

If the Benchmark Replacement
as determined pursuant to clause (a) or (b) or (c) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be
deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of the Margin Loan Documentation.

Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement,
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or
zero) that has been mutually agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection
or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the relevant Governmental Authority or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing
market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement
of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement at such time.

Benchmark Replacement
Date means a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent, which date shall be no later than the earliest to occur
of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(a) in
the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark
(or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide such Benchmark (or such component
thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(b) in
the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which all Available Tenors
of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available
Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) have been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator
of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined
by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if such Benchmark (or such component
thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided
on such date.

For the avoidance of doubt,
if such Benchmark is a term rate, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or
(b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current
Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Annex I to Margin Loan Agreement 

Benchmark Transition
Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(a) a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used
in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof)
or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely;
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide
such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component
thereof);

(b) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with
jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator
for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator
for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease
to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or
such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor
administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available
Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(c) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term
rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative.

For the avoidance of doubt,
if such Benchmark is a term rate, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark
if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of
such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Unavailability
Period means, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at
such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Margin Loan Documentation
in accordance with this Annex and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for
all purposes hereunder and under any Margin Loan Documentation in accordance with this Annex.

Annex I to Margin Loan Agreement 

Conforming Changes
means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Business Day,
the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar
or analogous definition, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment,
conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 2.07 and other
technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and
implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially
consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively
feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other
manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of the Margin
Loan Documentation).

Daily Simple
SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established by
the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Federal Reserve Board or the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank
of New York, or any successor thereto for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans; provided that
if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative
Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion.

Floor
means a rate of interest equal to 0.00%.

Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

Annex I to Margin Loan Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm2510731d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Press Release

Star Holdings Announces Successful Debt
Extensions and Authorizes $10 Million Share Repurchase Program

Related amendments made to financing
arrangements and management agreement

NEW YORK, March 31, 2025

Star Holdings (NASDAQ: STHO) (the "Company")
announced the following:

Share Repurchase Program

The Company's Board of Trustees has
authorized the repurchase of up to $10 million of the Company's common shares. These repurchases may be made from time to time in
the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or otherwise, including pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, subject to market
and pricing conditions, applicable law and other factors deemed relevant in the Company's sole discretion. The share repurchase authorization
does not obligate the Company to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares, and may be suspended or discontinued at any time.

Term Loan Credit Agreement with
Safehold

The Term Loan Credit Agreement has been
amended to, among other things:

Extend
the maturity date of the underlying term loan facilities by one year, to March 31, 2028

Provide
that Star Holdings may re-borrow amounts that have been paid on the $25 million incremental
facility available under the agreement for permitted purposes

Provide
a restricted payments basket that will permit the Company to repurchase up to $10 million
of its common shares for cash

As of March 28, 2025, the outstanding
term loan had a principal balance of $115.0 million and no outstanding borrowings on the incremental facility.

1114 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10036

T 212.930.9400

E investors@starholdingsco.com

Management Agreement with Safehold

The Management Agreement has been amended
to, among other things:

Increase
the management fee payable in respect of the annual term running from April 1, 2026
through March 31, 2027 from $5.0 million to $7.5 million

Increase
the "Termination Fee" payable to the manager in certain circumstances from $50.0
million to $55.0 million, in each case less the aggregate amount of management fees paid
prior to the termination date

Amendment to Margin Loan Facility

The Margin Loan Facility has been amended
to, among other things:

Extend
the maturity date of the underlying margin loan facility by two years, to March 31,
2028

Provide
a commitment for up to $15.8 million of additional funding on a delayed-draw basis, subject
to satisfaction of the conditions for drawing

Provide
for increases in the applicable margin

Improve
certain loan-to-value ratios and collateral release thresholds

For more information on the transactions,
please refer to SEC Form 8-K filed March 31, 2025.

Forward-Looking Statements:

This press release contains forward-looking
statements that are based on Star Holdings current expectations. Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain
risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including prevailing market conditions and other factors. Should one or more of these risks
or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those expected.
More information about potential risk factors that could affect Star Holdings results is included in our filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. The term "including," and any variation thereof, means "including,
without limitation."

1114 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10036

T 212.930.9400

E investors@starholdingsco.com

Star Holdings (NASDAQ: STHO)
portfolio is comprised primarily of interests in the Asbury Park Waterfront, the Magnolia Green residential development projects and
other commercial real estate properties and loans that are for sale or otherwise plan to be monetized. Star Holdings also owns shares
of Safehold Inc. (NYSE: SAFE). Star Holdings expects to focus on realizing value for shareholders from its portfolio primarily by maximizing
cash flows through active asset management and asset sales. Additional information on Star Holdings is available on its website at www.starholdingsco.com.

Company Contact:

Pearse Hoffmann

Senior Vice President

Head of Corporate Finance

T 212.930.9400

E investors@starholdingsco.com

1114 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10036

T 212.930.9400

E investors@starholdingsco.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>stho-20250328.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>stho-20250328_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>stho-20250328_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm2510731d1_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 28, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41572

Entity Registrant Name Star Holdings

Entity Central Index Key 0001953366

Entity Tax Identification Number 37-6762818

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Address Line One 1114 Avenue of the Americas

Entity Address, Address Line Two 39th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10036

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 930-9400

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common shares of beneficial interest, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol STHO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period true

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://istar.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

stho-20250328.xsd 
stho-20250328_lab.xml 
stho-20250328_pre.xml 
tm2510731d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-029620-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tm2510731d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001953366 

2025-03-28 
2025-03-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001953366 
8-K 
2025-03-28 
Star Holdings 
MD 
001-41572 
37-6762818 
1114 Avenue of the Americas 
39th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10036 
212 
930-9400 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common shares of beneficial interest, $0.001 par value 
STHO 
NASDAQ 
true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>