<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-003119.txt : 20250114
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-003119.hdr.sgml : 20250114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250113203008
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-003119
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250109
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aimfinity Investment Corp. I
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001903464
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41361
		FILM NUMBER:		25527474

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 ROCKEFELLER PLAZA, 11TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10020
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6467222971

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 ROCKEFELLER PLAZA, 11TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10020
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0227560-8k_aimfinity1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000190346400-000000000019034642025-01-092025-01-090001903464AIMAU:UnitsConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueOneClass1RedeemableWarrantAndOnehalfOfOneClass2RedeemableWarrantMember2025-01-092025-01-090001903464AIMAU:ClassOrdinaryShares0.0001ParValueMember2025-01-092025-01-090001903464AIMAU:Class1RedeemableWarrantsEachExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member2025-01-092025-01-090001903464AIMAU:Class2RedeemableWarrantsEachExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member2025-01-092025-01-09iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January
13, 2025 (January 9, 2025)

AIMFINITY INVESTMENT CORP. I

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands 001-41361 N/A

(State or other jurisdiction (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

of incorporation) Identification Number)

221 W 9th St, PMB 235

Wilmington, Delaware19801

(Address of principal executive offices)

(425)365-2933

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act.

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which 

registered

Units, consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, one Class 1 redeemable warrant and one-half of one Class 2 redeemable warrant AIMAU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value AIMA The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class 1 redeemable warrants, each exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 AIMAW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class 2 redeemable warrants, each exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 AIMAW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation
or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On January 9, 2025, Aimfinity
Investment Corp. I, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), held an extraordinary general meeting (the Shareholder
Meeting) in lieu of an annual general meeting, which was previously adjourned on December 30, 2024.

At the Shareholder Meeting,
the shareholders of the Company, by special resolution, approved the proposal to amend Companys third amended and restated
memorandum and articles of associations (the Charter), which previously provided that the Company has until April
28, 2024 to complete a Business Combination, and may elect to extend the period to consummate a Business Combination up to nine times,
each by an additional one-month extension (each, a Monthly Extension), for a total of up to nine months
to January 28, 2025, by deleting in their entirety and substituting in their place of the fourth amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association of the Company (the Amended Charter), which provides that the Company has until January 28, 2025 to
complete a Business Combination, and may elect to extend the period to consummate a Business Combination up to nine times, each by an
additional Monthly Extension, for a total of up to nine months to October 28, 2025, by depositing to the Companys trust account
(the Trust Account) an amount equal to $0.05 for each remaining public share at the time of such deposit.

A copy of the Amended Charter
is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 3.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.07. Submission
of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

At the Shareholder Meeting,
there were 3,416,591 issued and outstanding ordinary shares in meeting or presented by proxy at the Shareholder Meeting, representing
60.82% of the total Class A and Class B ordinary shares, voting as a single class, outstanding as of November 27, 2024, the record date.

The
final results for the matter submitted to a vote of the Companys shareholders at the Shareholder Meeting are as follows:

1. The Charter Amendment Proposal

The
shareholders approved the proposal to amend the Companys Charter to provide that the Company has until January 28, 2025 to complete
a Business Combination, and may elect to extend the period to consummate a Business Combination up to nine times, each by an additional
Monthly Extension, for a total of up to nine months, to October 28, 2025. The voting results were as follows:

FOR AGAINT ABSTAIN

2,780,363 636,228 0

2. The Director Re-election Proposal

The
holders of Class B ordinary shares approved the proposal, by ordinary resolutions, to approve the re-election of Kevin D. Vassily as Class
I director of the Company to serve a three-year term until the third succeeding annual general meeting after this Shareholder Meeting
or until his successor is appointed and qualified. The voting results were as follows:

FOR AGAINT ABSTAIN

2,780,363 636,228 0

3. The Auditor Appointment Proposal

The
shareholders approved the proposal, by ordinary resolutions, to ratify the engagement of MaloneBailey, LLP to serve as the Companys
independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended December 31, 2023 and approve the engagement of MaloneBailey, LLP to
serve as the Companys independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended December 31, 2024. The voting results
were as follows:

FOR AGAINT ABSTAIN

2,969,863 446,728 0

1

Item 7.01 Regulation
FD Disclosure.

On
January 10, 2025, the Company issued a press release (the Press Release) announcing that Shareholder Meeting result.
A copy of the Press Release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 hereto. The information in this Item 7.01 and the Press Release hereto shall
not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing
under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

In connection with the votes
to approve the Charter Amendment Proposal, 1,996,522 Class A Ordinary Shares included in the new units of the Company were tendered for
redemption. Upon the completion of the redemption of the Class A Ordinary Shares, the Class 2 warrants included in the new units that
are attached to the redeemed Class A Ordinary Shares will be automatically forfeited and cancelled without any additional action by the
holders.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

3.1 Form of Fourth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Associate, dated January 9, 2025.

99.1 Press Release, dated January 10, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Aimfinity Investment Corp. I

By: /s/ I-Fa Chang

Name: I-Fa Chang

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Date: January 13, 2025 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022756001ex3-1_aimfinity1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATE, DATED JANUARY 9, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED)

OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED

MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION

OF

AIMFINITY INVESTMENT CORP. I

(ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION DATED JANUARY
9, 2025

AND EFFECTIVE ON JANUARY 9, 2025)

1 The name of the Company is Aimfinity Investment Corp. I.

2 The Registered Office of the Company shall be at the offices of Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands, or at such other place within the Cayman Islands as the Directors may decide.

3 The objects for which the Company is established are unrestricted and the Company shall have full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the laws of the Cayman Islands.

4 The liability of each Member is limited to the amount unpaid on such Members shares.

5 The share capital of the Company is US$22,100 divided into 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each and 1,000,000 preference shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each.

6 The Company has power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate limited by shares under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands.

7 Capitalised terms that are not defined in this Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association bear the respective meanings given to them in the Amended and Restated Articles of Association of the Company.

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED)

OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

OF

AIMFINITY INVESTMENT CORP. I

(ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION DATED JANUARY
9, 2025

AND EFFECTIVE ON JANUARY 9, 2025)

1 Interpretation

1.1 In the Articles Table A in the First Schedule to the Statute
does not apply and, unless there is something in the subject or context inconsistent therewith:

Affiliate in respect of a person, means any other person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such person, and (a) in the case of a natural person, shall include, without limitation, such persons spouse, parents, children, siblings, mother-in-law and father-in-law and brothers and sisters-in-law, whether by blood, marriage or adoption or anyone residing in such persons home, a trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing, a company, partnership or any natural person or entity wholly or jointly owned by any of the foregoing and (b) in the case of an entity, shall include a partnership, a corporation or any natural person or entity which directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such entity.

Applicable Law means, with respect to any person, all provisions of laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, certificates, judgments, decisions, decrees or orders of any governmental authority applicable to such person.

Articles means these amended and restated articles of association of the Company.

Audit Committee means the audit committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee.

Auditor means the person for the time being performing the duties of auditor of the Company (if any).

Business Combination means a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination involving the Company, with one or more businesses or entities (the target business), which Business Combination: (a) as long as the securities of the Company are listed on the Nasdaq Global Market, must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of the definitive agreement to enter into such Business Combination; and (b) must not be solely effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations.

2

business day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorised or obligated by law to close in New York City.

Clearing House means a clearing house recognised by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on a stock exchange or interdealer quotation system in such jurisdiction.

Class A Share means a Class A ordinary share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Class B Share means a Class B ordinary share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Company means the above named company.

Companys Website means the website of the Company and/or its web-address or domain name (if any).

Designated Stock Exchange means any United States national securities exchange on which the securities of the Company are listed for trading, including the Nasdaq Global Market.

Directors means the directors for the time being of the Company.

Dividend means any dividend (whether interim or final) resolved to be paid on Shares pursuant to the Articles.

Electronic Communication means a communication sent by electronic means, including electronic posting to the Companys Website, transmission to any number, address or internet website (including the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission) or other electronic delivery methods as otherwise decided and approved by the Directors.

Electronic Record has the same meaning as in the Electronic Transactions Act.

Electronic Transactions Act means the Electronic Transactions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Equity-linked Securities means any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with a Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt.

Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar U.S. federal statute and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time.

Founders means all Members immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO.

Independent Director has the same meaning as in the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange or in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, as the case may be.

IPO means the Companys initial public offering of securities.

Member has the same meaning as in the Statute.

Memorandum means the amended and restated memorandum of association of the Company.

Officer means a person appointed to hold an office in the Company.

3

Ordinary Resolution means a resolution passed by a simple majority of the Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting, and includes a unanimous written resolution. In computing the majority when a poll is demanded regard shall be had to the number of votes to which each Member is entitled by the Articles.

Over-Allotment Option means the option of the Underwriters to purchase up to an additional 15% of the firm units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO at a price equal to US$10 per unit, less underwriting discounts and commissions.

Preference Share means a preference share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Public Share means a Class A Share issued as part of the units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO.

Redemption Notice means a notice in a form approved by the Company by which a holder of Public Shares is entitled to require the Company to redeem its Public Shares, subject to any conditions contained therein.

Register of Members means the register of Members maintained in accordance with the Statute and includes (except where otherwise stated) any branch or duplicate register of Members.

Registered Office means the registered office for the time being of the Company.

Representative means a representative of the Underwriters.

Seal means the common seal of the Company and includes every duplicate seal.

Securities and Exchange Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Share means a Class A Share, a Class B Share or a Preference Share and includes a fraction of a share in the Company.

Special Resolution subject to Article 29.4 and Article 47.2, has the same meaning as in the Statute, and includes a unanimous written resolution.

Sponsor means Aimfinity Investment LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company, and its successors or assigns.

Statute means the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Tax Filing Authorised Person means such person as any Director shall designate from time to time, acting severally.

Treasury Share means a Share held in the name of the Company as a treasury share in accordance with the Statute.

Trust Account means the trust account established by the Company upon the consummation of the IPO and into which a certain amount of the net proceeds of the IPO, together with a certain amount of the proceeds of a private placement of warrants simultaneously with the closing date of the IPO, will be deposited.

Underwriter means an underwriter of the IPO from time to time and any successor underwriter.

4

1.2 In the Articles:

(a) words importing the singular number include the plural number
and vice versa;

(b) words importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender;

(c) words importing persons include corporations as well as any
other legal or natural person;

(d) written and in writing include all
modes of representing or reproducing words in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record;

(e) shall shall be construed as imperative and may
shall be construed as permissive;

(f) references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed
as references to those provisions as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced;

(g) any phrase introduced by the terms including,
include, in particular or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the
sense of the words preceding those terms;

(h) the term and/or is used to mean both and
as well as or. The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the
terms and or or in others. The term or shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term
and shall not be interpreted to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires);

(i) headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored
in construing the Articles;

(j) any requirements as to delivery under the Articles include
delivery in the form of an Electronic Record;

(k) any requirements as to execution or signature under the Articles
including the execution of the Articles themselves can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature as defined in the Electronic
Transactions Act;

(l) sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act shall
not apply;

(m) the term clear days in relation to the period
of a notice means that period excluding the day when the notice is received or deemed to be received and the day for which it is given
or on which it is to take effect; and

(n) the term holder in relation to a Share means
a person whose name is entered in the Register of Members as the holder of such Share.

2 Commencement of Business

2.1 The business of the Company may be commenced as soon after incorporation of the Company as the Directors
shall see fit.

2.2 The Directors may pay, out of the capital or any other monies of the Company, all expenses incurred in
or about the formation and establishment of the Company, including the expenses of registration.

3 Issue of Shares and other Securities

3.1 Subject to the provisions, if any, in the Memorandum (and to any direction that may be given by the Company
in general meeting) and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission
and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, and without prejudice to any rights attached to any
existing Shares, the Directors may allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of Shares (including fractions of a Share) with
or without preferred, deferred or other rights or restrictions, whether in regard to Dividends or other distributions, voting, return
of capital or otherwise and to such persons, at such times and on such other terms as they think proper, and may also (subject to the
Statute and the Articles) vary such rights, save that the Directors shall not allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of
Shares (including fractions of a Share) to the extent that it may affect the ability of the Company to carry out a Class B Ordinary
Share Conversion set out in the Articles.

5

3.2 The Company may issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature
conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company
on such terms as the Directors may from time to time determine.

3.3 The Company may issue units of securities in the Company, which may be comprised
of whole or fractional Shares, rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring the right
upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company, upon such terms
as the Directors may from time to time determine. The securities comprising any such units which are issued pursuant to the IPO can only
be traded separately from one another on the 52nd day following the date of the prospectus
relating to the IPO unless the Representative(s) determines that an earlier date is acceptable, subject to the Company having filed a
current report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission and a press release announcing when such separate trading
will begin. Prior to such date, the units can be traded, but the securities comprising such units cannot be traded separately from one
another.

3.4 The Company shall not issue Shares to bearer.

4 Register of Members

4.1 The Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained the Register of Members in accordance with the Statute.

4.2 The Directors may determine that the Company shall maintain one or more branch registers of Members in
accordance with the Statute. The Directors may also determine which register of Members shall constitute the principal register and which
shall constitute the branch register or registers, and to vary such determination from time to time.

5 Closing Register of Members or Fixing Record Date

5.1 For the purpose of determining Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of Members or
any adjournment thereof, or Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution, or in order to make a determination
of Members for any other purpose, the Directors may, after notice has been given by advertisement in an appointed newspaper or any other
newspaper or by any other means in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange
Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, provide that the Register of Members shall
be closed for transfers for a stated period which shall not in any case exceed forty days.

5.2 In lieu of, or apart from, closing the Register of Members, the Directors may fix in advance or arrears
a date as the record date for any such determination of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of the Members or any
adjournment thereof, or for the purpose of determining the Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution,
or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose.

5.3 If the Register of Members is not so closed and no record date is fixed for the determination of Members
entitled to notice of, or to vote at, a meeting of Members or Members entitled to receive payment of a Dividend or other distribution,
the date on which notice of the meeting is sent or the date on which the resolution of the Directors resolving to pay such Dividend or
other distribution is passed, as the case may be, shall be the record date for such determination of Members. When a determination of
Members entitled to vote at any meeting of Members has been made as provided in this Article, such determination shall apply to any adjournment
thereof.

6 Certificates for Shares

6.1 A Member shall only be entitled to a share certificate if the Directors resolve that share certificates
shall be issued. Share certificates representing Shares, if any, shall be in such form as the Directors may determine. Share certificates
shall be signed by one or more Directors or other person authorised by the Directors. The Directors may authorise certificates to be issued
with the authorised signature(s) affixed by mechanical process. All certificates for Shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise
identified and shall specify the Shares to which they relate. All certificates surrendered to the Company for transfer shall be cancelled
and, subject to the Articles, no new certificate shall be issued until the former certificate representing a like number of relevant Shares
shall have been surrendered and cancelled.

6

6.2 The Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for Shares held jointly by more than
one person and delivery of a certificate to one joint holder shall be a sufficient delivery to all of them.

6.3 If a share certificate is defaced, worn out, lost or destroyed, it may be renewed on such terms (if any)
as to evidence and indemnity and on the payment of such expenses reasonably incurred by the Company in investigating evidence, as the
Directors may prescribe, and (in the case of defacement or wearing out) upon delivery of the old certificate.

6.4 Every share certificate sent in accordance with the Articles will be sent at the risk of the Member or
other person entitled to the certificate. The Company will not be responsible for any share certificate lost or delayed in the course
of delivery.

6.5 Share certificates shall be issued within the relevant time limit as prescribed by the Statute, if applicable,
or as the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law may from time to time determine, whichever is shorter, after the allotment or, except in the
case of a Share transfer which the Company is for the time being entitled to refuse to register and does not register, after lodgement
of a Share transfer with the Company.

7 Transfer of Shares

7.1 Subject to the terms of the Articles, any Member may transfer all or any of their Shares by an instrument
of transfer provided that such transfer complies with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange
Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. If the Shares in question were issued in
conjunction with rights, options, warrants or units issued pursuant to the Articles on terms that one cannot be transferred without the
other, the Directors shall refuse to register the transfer of any such Share without evidence satisfactory to them of the like transfer
of such right, option, warrant or unit.

7.2 The instrument of transfer of any Share shall be in writing in the usual or common form or in a form prescribed
by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law or in any other form approved by the Directors and shall be executed by or on behalf of the
transferor (and if the Directors so require, signed by or on behalf of the transferee) and may be under hand or, if the transferor or
transferee is a Clearing House or its nominee(s), by hand or by machine imprinted signature or by such other manner of execution as the
Directors may approve from time to time. The transferor shall be deemed to remain the holder of a Share until the name of the transferee
is entered in the Register of Members.

8 Redemption, Repurchase and Surrender of Shares

8.1 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law,
the Company may issue Shares that are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of the Member or the Company. The redemption
of such Shares, except Public Shares, shall be effected in such manner and upon such other terms as the Company may, by Special Resolution,
determine before the issue of such Shares. With respect to redeeming or repurchasing the Shares:

(a) Members who hold Public Shares are entitled to
request the redemption of such Shares in the circumstances described in the Business Combination Article hereof;

(b) Class B Shares held by the Sponsor shall be surrendered
by the Sponsor for no consideration to the extent that the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised in full so that the Sponsor will own
20% of the Companys issued Shares after the IPO (exclusive of any securities purchased in a private placement simultaneously with
the IPO); and

(c) Public Shares shall be repurchased by way of tender
offer in the circumstances set out in the Business Combination Article hereof.

7

8.2 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law,
the Company may purchase its own Shares (including any redeemable Shares) in such manner and on such other terms as the Directors may
agree with the relevant Member. For the avoidance of doubt, redemptions, repurchases and surrenders of Shares in the circumstances described
in the Article above shall not require further approval of the Members.

8.3 The Company may make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in any manner
permitted by the Statute, including out of capital.

8.4 The Directors may accept the surrender for no consideration of any fully paid Share.

9 Treasury Shares

9.1 The Directors may, prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender of any Share, determine that such Share
shall be held as a Treasury Share.

9.2 The Directors may determine to cancel a Treasury Share or transfer a Treasury Share on such terms as they
think proper (including, without limitation, for nil consideration).

10 Variation of Rights of Shares

10.1 Subject to Article 3.1, if at any time the share capital
of the Company is divided into different classes of Shares, all or any of the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided
by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class) may, whether or not the Company is being wound up, be varied without the consent of
the holders of the issued Shares of that class where such variation is considered by the Directors not to have a material adverse effect
upon such rights; otherwise, any such variation shall be made only with the consent in writing of the holders of not less than two thirds
of the issued Shares of that class (other than with respect to a waiver of the provisions of the Class B Ordinary Share Conversion
Article hereof, which as stated therein shall only require the consent in writing of the holders of a majority of the issued Shares of
that class), or with the approval of a resolution passed by a majority of not less than two thirds of the votes cast at a separate meeting
of the holders of the Shares of that class. For the avoidance of doubt, the Directors reserve the right, notwithstanding that any such
variation may not have a material adverse effect, to obtain consent from the holders of Shares of the relevant class. To any such meeting
all the provisions of the Articles relating to general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis, except that the necessary quorum
shall be one person holding or representing by proxy at least one third of the issued Shares of the class and that any holder of Shares
of the class present in person or by proxy may demand a poll.

10.2 For the purposes of a separate class meeting, the Directors
may treat two or more or all the classes of Shares as forming one class of Shares if the Directors consider that such class of Shares
would be affected in the same way by the proposals under consideration, but in any other case shall treat them as separate classes of
Shares.

10.3 The rights conferred upon the holders of the Shares of any
class issued with preferred or other rights shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the Shares of that
class, be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further Shares ranking pari passu therewith or Shares issued with preferred
or other rights.

11 Commission on Sale of Shares

The Company may, in so far as the Statute
permits, pay a commission to any person in consideration of that person subscribing or agreeing to subscribe (whether absolutely or conditionally)
or procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions (whether absolutely or conditionally) for any Shares. Such commissions may be satisfied
by the payment of cash and/or the issue of fully or partly paid-up Shares. The Company may also on any issue of Shares pay such
brokerage as may be lawful.

12 Non Recognition of Trusts

The Company shall not be bound by or
compelled to recognise in any way (even when notified) any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any Share, or (except
only as is otherwise provided by the Articles or the Statute) any other rights in respect of any Share other than an absolute right to
the entirety thereof in the holder.

8

13 Lien on Shares

13.1 The Company shall have a first and paramount lien on all
Shares (whether fully paid-up or not) registered in the name of a Member (whether solely or jointly with others) for all debts,
liabilities or engagements to or with the Company (whether presently payable or not) by such Member or their estate, either alone or
jointly with any other person, whether a Member or not, but the Directors may at any time declare any Share to be wholly or in part exempt
from the provisions of this Article. The registration of a transfer of any such Share shall operate as a waiver of the Companys
lien thereon. The Companys lien on a Share shall also extend to any amount payable in respect of that Share.

13.2 The Company may sell, in such manner as the Directors think
fit, any Shares on which the Company has a lien, if a sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable, and is not paid within
14 clear days after notice has been received or deemed to have been received by the holder of the Shares, or to the person entitled to
it in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of the holder, demanding payment and stating that if the notice is not complied with the
Shares may be sold.

13.3 To give effect to any such sale the Directors may authorise
any person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser. The purchaser
or their nominee shall be registered as the holder of the Shares comprised in any such transfer, and they shall not be bound to see to
the application of the purchase money, nor shall their title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the sale
or the exercise of the Companys power of sale under the Articles.

13.4 The net proceeds of such sale after payment of costs, shall
be applied in payment of such part of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable and any balance shall (subject
to a like lien for sums not presently payable as existed upon the Shares before the sale) be paid to the person entitled to the Shares
at the date of the sale.

14 Call on Shares

14.1 Subject to the terms of the allotment and issue of any Shares,
the Directors may make calls upon the Members in respect of any monies unpaid on their Shares (whether in respect of par value or premium),
and each Member shall (subject to receiving at least 14 clear days notice specifying the time or times of payment) pay to the
Company at the time or times so specified the amount called on the Shares. A call may be revoked or postponed, in whole or in part, as
the Directors may determine. A call may be required to be paid by instalments. A person upon whom a call is made shall remain liable
for calls made upon them notwithstanding the subsequent transfer of the Shares in respect of which the call was made.

14.2 A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the
resolution of the Directors authorising such call was passed.

14.3 The joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally
liable to pay all calls in respect thereof.

14.4 If a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable,
the person from whom it is due shall pay interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became due and payable until it is paid at such
rate as the Directors may determine (and in addition all expenses that have been incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment), but
the Directors may waive payment of the interest or expenses wholly or in part.

14.5 An amount payable in respect of a Share on issue or allotment
or at any fixed date, whether on account of the par value of the Share or premium or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a call and if it
is not paid all the provisions of the Articles shall apply as if that amount had become due and payable by virtue of a call.

14.6 The Directors may issue Shares with different terms as to the
amount and times of payment of calls, or the interest to be paid.

14.7 The Directors may, if they think fit, receive an amount from
any Member willing to advance all or any part of the monies uncalled and unpaid upon any Shares held by that Member, and may (until the
amount would otherwise become payable) pay interest at such rate as may be agreed upon between the Directors and the Member paying such
amount in advance.

14.8 No such amount paid in advance of calls shall entitle the Member
paying such amount to any portion of a Dividend or other distribution payable in respect of any period prior to the date upon which such
amount would, but for such payment, become payable.

9

15 Forfeiture of Shares

15.1 If a call or instalment of a call remains unpaid after it has
become due and payable the Directors may give to the person from whom it is due not less than 14 clear days notice requiring payment
of the amount unpaid together with any interest which may have accrued and any expenses incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment. The
notice shall specify where payment is to be made and shall state that if the notice is not complied with the Shares in respect of which
the call was made will be liable to be forfeited.

15.2 If the notice is not complied with, any Share in respect of
which it was given may, before the payment required by the notice has been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Directors. Such
forfeiture shall include all Dividends, other distributions or other monies payable in respect of the forfeited Share and not paid before
the forfeiture.

15.3 A forfeited Share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise
disposed of on such terms and in such manner as the Directors think fit and at any time before a sale, re-allotment or disposition
the forfeiture may be cancelled on such terms as the Directors think fit. Where for the purposes of its disposal a forfeited Share is
to be transferred to any person the Directors may authorise some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Share in favour of
that person.

15.4 A person any of whose Shares have been forfeited shall cease
to be a Member in respect of them and shall surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate for the Shares forfeited and shall
remain liable to pay to the Company all monies which at the date of forfeiture were payable by that person to the Company in respect
of those Shares together with interest at such rate as the Directors may determine, but that persons liability shall cease if
and when the Company shall have received payment in full of all monies due and payable by them in respect of those Shares.

15.5 A certificate in writing under the hand of one Director or Officer
that a Share has been forfeited on a specified date shall be conclusive evidence of the facts stated in it as against all persons claiming
to be entitled to the Share. The certificate shall (subject to the execution of an instrument of transfer) constitute a good title to
the Share and the person to whom the Share is sold or otherwise disposed of shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase
money, if any, nor shall their title to the Share be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the
forfeiture, sale or disposal of the Share.

15.6 The provisions of the Articles as to forfeiture shall apply
in the case of non payment of any sum which, by the terms of issue of a Share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on account of
the par value of the Share or by way of premium as if it had been payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified.

16 Transmission of Shares

16.1 If a Member dies, the survivor or survivors (where they were
a joint holder), or their legal personal representatives (where they were a sole holder), shall be the only persons recognised by the
Company as having any title to the deceased Members Shares. The estate of a deceased Member is not thereby released from any liability
in respect of any Share, for which the Member was a joint or sole holder.

16.2 Any person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the
death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution of a Member (or in any other way than by transfer) may, upon such evidence being produced
as may be required by the Directors, elect, by a notice in writing sent by that person to the Company, either to become the holder of
such Share or to have some person nominated by them registered as the holder of such Share. If they elect to have another person registered
as the holder of such Share they shall sign an instrument of transfer of that Share to that person. The Directors shall, in either case,
have the same right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant
Member before their death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution, as the case may be.

16.3 A person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death
or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution of a Member (or in any other case than by transfer) shall be entitled to the same Dividends,
other distributions and other advantages to which they would be entitled if they were the holder of such Share. However, they shall not,
before becoming a Member in respect of a Share, be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in relation
to general meetings of the Company and the Directors may at any time give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be registered
or to have some person nominated by them registered as the holder of the Share (but the Directors shall, in either case, have the same
right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before
their death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution or any other case than by transfer, as the case may be). If the notice is not
complied with within 90 days of being received or deemed to be received (as determined pursuant to the Articles), the Directors may thereafter
withhold payment of all Dividends, other distributions, bonuses or other monies payable in respect of the Share until the requirements
of the notice have been complied with.

10

17 Class B Ordinary Share Conversion

17.1 The rights attaching to the Class A Shares and Class B
Shares shall rank pari passu in all respects, and the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall vote together
as a single class on all matters (subject to the Variation of Rights of Shares Article and the Appointment and Removal of Directors Article
hereof) with the exception that the holder of a Class B Share shall have the conversion rights referred to in this Article.

17.2 Class B Shares shall automatically convert into Class A
Shares on a one-for-one basis (the Initial Conversion Ratio) automatically on the day of the consummation
of a Business Combination.

17.3 Notwithstanding the Initial Conversion Ratio, in the case that
additional Class A Shares or any other Equity-linked Securities, are issued, or deemed issued, by the Company in excess of the amounts
offered in the IPO and related to the consummation of a Business Combination, all Class B Shares in issue shall automatically convert
into Class A Shares at the time of the consummation of a Business Combination at a ratio for which the Class B Shares shall
convert into Class A Shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the Class B Shares in issue agree to
waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A Shares issuable
upon conversion of all Class B Shares will equal, on an as-converted basis, in the aggregate, 20% of the sum of all Class A
Shares and Class B Shares in issue upon completion of the IPO plus all Class A Shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon
conversion or exercise of any Equity-linked Securities or rights issued or deemed issued in connection with or in relation to the consummation
of a Business Combination, excluding any Shares or Equity-linked Securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination
and any private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor or its Affiliates or any Director or Officer upon conversion of working capital
loans made to the Company.

17.4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
foregoing adjustment to the Initial Conversion Ratio may be waived as to any particular issuance or deemed issuance of additional Class A
Shares or Equity-linked Securities by the written consent or agreement of holders of a majority of the Class B Shares then in issue
consenting or agreeing separately as a separate class in the manner provided in the Variation of Rights of Shares Article hereof.

17.5 The foregoing conversion ratio shall also be adjusted to account
for any subdivision (by share subdivision, exchange, capitalisation, rights issue, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or
combination (by share consolidation, exchange, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or similar reclassification or recapitalisation
of the Class A Shares in issue into a greater or lesser number of Shares occurring after the original filing of the Articles without
a proportionate and corresponding subdivision, combination or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class B Shares
in issue.

17.6 Each Class B Share shall convert into its pro rata number
of Class A Shares pursuant to this Article. The pro rata share for each holder of Class B Shares will be determined as follows:
each Class B Share shall convert into such number of Class A Shares as is equal to the product of 1 multiplied by a fraction,
the numerator of which shall be the total number of Class A Shares into which all of the Class B Shares in issue shall be converted
pursuant to this Article and the denominator of which shall be the total number of Class B Shares in issue at the time of conversion.

17.7 References in this Article to converted, conversion
or exchange shall mean the compulsory redemption without notice of Class B Shares of any Member and, on behalf of
such Members, automatic application of such redemption proceeds in paying for such new Class A Shares into which the Class B
Shares have been converted or exchanged at a price per Class B Share necessary to give effect to a conversion or exchange calculated
on the basis that the Class A Shares to be issued as part of the conversion or exchange will be issued at par. The Class A
Shares to be issued on an exchange or conversion shall be registered in the name of such Member or in such name as the Member may direct.

11

17.8 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article, in
no event may any Class B Share convert into Class A Shares at a ratio that is less than one-for-one.

18 Amendments of Memorandum and Articles of Association and Alteration of Capital

18.1 The Company may by Ordinary Resolution:

(a) increase its share capital by such sum as the Ordinary Resolution
shall prescribe and with such rights, priorities and privileges annexed thereto, as the Company in general meeting may determine;

(b) consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into
Shares of larger amount than its existing Shares;

(c) convert all or any of its paid-up Shares into stock,
and reconvert that stock into paid-up Shares of any denomination;

(d) by subdivision of its existing Shares or any of them divide
the whole or any part of its share capital into Shares of smaller amount than is fixed by the Memorandum or into Shares without par value;
and

(e) cancel any Shares that at the date of the passing of the
Ordinary Resolution have not been taken or agreed to be taken by any person and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount
of the Shares so cancelled.

18.2 All new Shares created in accordance with the provisions of
the preceding Article shall be subject to the same provisions of the Articles with reference to the payment of calls, liens, transfer,
transmission, forfeiture and otherwise as the Shares in the original share capital.

18.3 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the provisions of
the Articles as regards the matters to be dealt with by Ordinary Resolution, Article 29.4 and Article 47.2, the Company may by Special
Resolution:

(a) change its name;

(b) alter or add to the Articles;

(c) alter or add to the Memorandum with respect to any objects,
powers or other matters specified therein; and

(d) reduce its share capital or any capital redemption reserve
fund.

19 Offices and Places of Business

Subject to the provisions of the Statute,
the Company may by resolution of the Directors change the location of its Registered Office. The Company may, in addition to its Registered
Office, maintain such other offices or places of business as the Directors determine.

20 General Meetings

20.1 All general meetings other than annual general meetings shall
be called extraordinary general meetings.

20.2 The Company may, but shall not (unless required by the Statute)
be obliged to, in each year hold a general meeting as its annual general meeting, and shall specify the meeting as such in the notices
calling it. Any annual general meeting shall be held at such time and place as the Directors shall appoint. At these meetings the report
of the Directors (if any) shall be presented.

20.3 The Directors, the chief executive officer or the chairperson
of the board of Directors may call general meetings, and, for the avoidance of doubt, Members shall not have the ability to call general
meetings.

20.4 Members seeking to bring business before the annual general
meeting or to nominate candidates for appointment as Directors at the annual general meeting must deliver notice to the principal executive
offices of the Company not less than 120 calendar days before the date of the Companys proxy statement released to Members in
connection with the previous years annual general meeting or, if the Company did not hold an annual general meeting the previous
year, or if the date of the current years annual general meeting has been changed by more than 30 days from the date of the previous
years annual general meeting, then the deadline shall be set by the board of Directors with such deadline being a reasonable time
before the Company begins to print and send its related proxy materials.

12

21 Notice of General Meetings

21.1 At least five clear days notice shall be given of any
general meeting. Every notice shall specify the place, the day and the hour of the meeting and the general nature of the business to
be conducted at the general meeting and shall be given in the manner hereinafter mentioned or in such other manner if any as may be prescribed
by the Company, provided that a general meeting of the Company shall, whether or not the notice specified in this Article has been given
and whether or not the provisions of the Articles regarding general meetings have been complied with, be deemed to have been duly convened
if it is so agreed:

(a) in the case of an annual general meeting, by all of the Members
entitled to attend and vote at the meeting; and

(b) in the case of an extraordinary general meeting, by a majority
in number of the Members having a right to attend and vote at the meeting, together holding not less than 95% in par value of the Shares
giving that right.

21.2 The accidental omission to give notice of a general meeting
to, or the non receipt of notice of a general meeting by, any person entitled to receive such notice shall not invalidate the proceedings
of that general meeting.

22 Proceedings at General Meetings

22.1 No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum is present. The holders of a majority
of the Shares being individuals present in person or by proxy or if a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorised
representative or proxy shall be a quorum.

22.2 A person may participate at a general meeting by conference telephone or other communications equipment
by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting can communicate with each other. Participation by a person in a general
meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting.

22.3 A resolution (including a Special Resolution) in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by or on
behalf of all of the Members for the time being entitled to receive notice of and to attend and vote at general meetings (or, being corporations
or other non-natural persons, signed by their duly authorised representatives) shall be as valid and effective as if the resolution
had been passed at a general meeting of the Company duly convened and held.

22.4 If a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the
meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week at the same time and/or place or to such other day, time and/or place as
the Directors may determine, and if at the adjourned meeting a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the
meeting to commence, the Members present shall be a quorum.

22.5 The Directors may, at any time prior to the time appointed for the meeting to commence, appoint any person
to act as chairperson of a general meeting of the Company or, if the Directors do not make any such appointment, the chairperson, if any,
of the board of Directors shall preside as chairperson at such general meeting. If there is no such chairperson, or if the person shall
not be present within 15 minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, or is unwilling to act, the Directors present shall
elect one of their number to be chairperson of the meeting.

22.6 If no Director is willing to act as chairperson or if no Director is present within 15 minutes after the
time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall choose one of their number to be chairperson of the meeting.

22.7 The chairperson may, with the consent of a meeting at which a quorum is present (and shall if so directed
by the meeting) adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting
other than the business left unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment took place.

13

22.8 When a general meeting is adjourned for 30 days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given
as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such notice of an adjourned meeting.

22.9 If, prior to a Business Combination, a notice is issued in respect of a general meeting and the Directors,
in their absolute discretion, consider that it is impractical or undesirable for any reason to hold that general meeting at the place,
the day and the hour specified in the notice calling such general meeting, the Directors may postpone the general meeting to another place,
day and/or hour provided that notice of the place, the day and the hour of the rearranged general meeting is promptly given to all Members.
No business shall be transacted at any postponed meeting other than the business specified in the notice of the original meeting.

22.10 When a general meeting is postponed for 30 days or more, notice
of the postponed meeting shall be given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such notice
of a postponed meeting. All proxy forms submitted for the original general meeting shall remain valid for the postponed meeting. The
Directors may postpone a general meeting which has already been postponed.

22.11 A resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided
on a poll.

22.12 A poll shall be taken as the chairperson directs, and the result
of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the general meeting at which the poll was demanded.

22.13 A poll demanded on the election of a chairperson or on a question
of adjournment shall be taken forthwith. A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken at such date, time and place as the chairperson
of the general meeting directs, and any business other than that upon which a poll has been demanded or is contingent thereon may proceed
pending the taking of the poll.

22.14 In the case of an equality of votes the chairperson shall be
entitled to a second or casting vote.

23 Votes of Members

23.1 Subject to any rights or restrictions attached to any Shares, including as set out at Article 29.4 and
Article 47.2, every Member present in any such manner shall have one vote for every Share of which they are the holder.

23.2 In the case of joint holders the vote of the senior holder who tenders a vote, whether in person or by
proxy (or, in the case of a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorised representative or proxy), shall
be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders, and seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names
of the holders stand in the Register of Members.

23.3 A Member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has been made by any court, having jurisdiction
in lunacy, may vote by their committee, receiver, curator bonis, or other person on such Members behalf appointed by that court,
and any such committee, receiver, curator bonis or other person may vote by proxy.

23.4 No person shall be entitled to vote at any general meeting unless they are registered as a Member on the
record date for such meeting nor unless all calls or other monies then payable by them in respect of Shares have been paid.

23.5 No objection shall be raised as to the qualification of any voter except at the general meeting or adjourned
general meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered and every vote not disallowed at the meeting shall be valid. Any objection
made in due time in accordance with this Article shall be referred to the chairperson whose decision shall be final and conclusive.

23.6 Votes may be cast either personally or by proxy (or in the case of a corporation or other non-natural person
by its duly authorised representative or proxy). A Member may appoint more than one proxy or the same proxy under one or more instruments
to attend and vote at a meeting. Where a Member appoints more than one proxy the instrument of proxy shall specify the number of Shares
in respect of which each proxy is entitled to exercise the related votes.

23.7 A Member holding more than one Share need not cast the votes in respect of their Shares in the same way
on any resolution and therefore may vote a Share or some or all such Shares either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from voting
a Share or some or all of the Shares and, subject to the terms of the instrument appointing the proxy, a proxy appointed under one or
more instruments may vote a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which they are appointed either for or against a resolution
and/or abstain from voting a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which they are appointed.

14

24 Proxies

24.1 The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing and shall be executed under the hand of the appointor
or of their attorney duly authorised in writing, or, if the appointor is a corporation or other non natural person, under the hand of
its duly authorised representative. A proxy need not be a Member.

24.2 The Directors may, in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting, or in an instrument of proxy
sent out by the Company, specify the manner by which the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited and the place and the time (being
not later than the time appointed for the commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting to which the proxy relates) at which the instrument
appointing a proxy shall be deposited. In the absence of any such direction from the Directors in the notice convening any meeting or
adjourned meeting or in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company, the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited physically
at the Registered Office not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the meeting or adjourned meeting to commence at which the
person named in the instrument proposes to vote.

24.3 The chairperson may in any event at their discretion declare
that an instrument of proxy shall be deemed to have been duly deposited. An instrument of proxy that is not deposited in the manner permitted,
or which has not been declared to have been duly deposited by the chairperson, shall be invalid.

24.4 The instrument appointing a proxy may be in any usual or common
form (or such other form as the Directors may approve) and may be expressed to be for a particular meeting or any adjournment thereof
or generally until revoked. An instrument appointing a proxy shall be deemed to include the power to demand or join or concur in demanding
a poll.

24.5 Votes given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of
proxy shall be valid notwithstanding the previous death or insanity of the principal or revocation of the proxy or of the authority under
which the proxy was executed, or the transfer of the Share in respect of which the proxy is given unless notice in writing of such death,
insanity, revocation or transfer was received by the Company at the Registered Office before the commencement of the general meeting,
or adjourned meeting at which it is sought to use the proxy.

25 Corporate Members

25.1 Any corporation or other non-natural person which
is a Member may in accordance with its constitutional documents, or in the absence of such provision by resolution of its directors or
other governing body, authorise such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or of any class
of Members, and the person so authorised shall be entitled to exercise the same powers on behalf of the corporation which they represent
as the corporation could exercise if it were an individual Member.

25.2 If a Clearing House (or its nominee(s)), being a corporation,
is a Member, it may authorise such persons as it sees fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or at any meeting
of any class of Members provided that the authorisation shall specify the number and class of Shares in respect of which each such representative
is so authorised. Each person so authorised under the provisions of this Article shall be deemed to have been duly authorised without
further evidence of the facts and be entitled to exercise the same rights and powers on behalf of the Clearing House (or its nominee(s))
as if such person was the registered holder of such Shares held by the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)).

26 Shares that May Not be Voted

Shares in the Company that are beneficially
owned by the Company shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the total number
of outstanding Shares at any given time.

27 Directors

27.1 There shall be a board of Directors consisting of not less than
one person provided however that the Company may by Ordinary Resolution increase or reduce the limits in the number of Directors.

15

27.2 The Directors shall be divided into three classes: Class I,
Class II and Class III. The number of Directors in each class shall be as nearly equal as possible. Upon the adoption of the
Articles, the existing Directors shall by resolution classify themselves as Class I, Class II or Class III Directors.
The Class I Directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Companys first annual general meeting, the Class II
Directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Companys second annual general meeting and the Class III Directors
shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Companys third annual general meeting. Commencing at the Companys first
annual general meeting, and at each annual general meeting thereafter, Directors appointed to succeed those Directors whose terms expire
shall be appointed for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding annual general meeting after their appointment. Except as the
Statute or other Applicable Law may otherwise require, in the interim between annual general meetings or extraordinary general meetings
called for the appointment of Directors and/or the removal of one or more Directors and the filling of any vacancy in that connection,
additional Directors and any vacancies in the board of Directors, including unfilled vacancies resulting from the removal of Directors
for cause, may be filled by the vote of a majority of the remaining Directors then in office, although less than a quorum (as defined
in the Articles), or by the sole remaining Director. All Directors shall hold office until the expiration of their respective terms of
office and until their successors shall have been appointed and qualified. A Director appointed to fill a vacancy resulting from the
death, resignation or removal of a Director shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the Director whose death, resignation or
removal shall have created such vacancy and until their successor shall have been appointed and qualified.

28 Powers of Directors

28.1 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the Memorandum and
the Articles and to any directions given by Special Resolution, the business of the Company shall be managed by the Directors who may
exercise all the powers of the Company. No alteration of the Memorandum or Articles and no such direction shall invalidate any prior
act of the Directors which would have been valid if that alteration had not been made or that direction had not been given. A duly convened
meeting of Directors at which a quorum is present may exercise all powers exercisable by the Directors.

28.2 All cheques, promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and
other negotiable or transferable instruments and all receipts for monies paid to the Company shall be signed, drawn, accepted, endorsed
or otherwise executed as the case may be in such manner as the Directors shall determine by resolution.

28.3 The Directors on behalf of the Company may pay a gratuity or
pension or allowance on retirement to any Director who has held any other salaried office or place of profit with the Company or to their
surviving spouse, civil partner or dependants and may make contributions to any fund and pay premiums for the purchase or provision of
any such gratuity, pension or allowance.

28.4 The Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to
borrow money and to mortgage or charge its undertaking, property and assets (present and future) and uncalled capital or any part thereof
and to issue debentures, debenture stock, mortgages, bonds and other such securities whether outright or as security for any debt, liability
or obligation of the Company or of any third party.

29 Appointment and Removal of Directors

29.1 Prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company
may by Ordinary Resolution of the holders of the Class B Shares appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution
of the holders of the Class B Shares remove any Director. For the avoidance of doubt, prior to the consummation of a Business Combination,
holders of Class A Shares shall have no right to vote on the appointment or removal of any Director.

29.2 The Directors may appoint any person to be a Director, either
to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director provided that the appointment does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any number
fixed by or in accordance with the Articles as the maximum number of Directors.

29.3 After the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company
may by Ordinary Resolution appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution remove any Director.

16

29.4 Prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, Article
29.1 may only be amended by a Special Resolution passed by at least 90% of such Members (which shall include a simple majority of the
holders of Class B Shares) as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting
of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a Special Resolution has been given, or by way of unanimous written
resolution.

30 Vacation of Office of Director

The office of a Director shall be vacated
if:

(a) the Director gives notice in writing to the Company that
they resign the office of Director; or

(b) the Director is absent (for the avoidance of doubt, without
being represented by proxy) from three consecutive meetings of the board of Directors without special leave of absence from the Directors,
and the Directors pass a resolution that they have by reason of such absence vacated office; or

(c) the Director dies, becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement
or composition with their creditors generally; or

(d) the Director is found to be or becomes of unsound mind; or

(e) all of the other Directors (being not less than two in number)
determine that the Director should be removed as a Director, either by a resolution passed by all of the other Directors at a meeting
of the Directors duly convened and held in accordance with the Articles or by a resolution in writing signed by all of the other Directors.

31 Proceedings of Directors

31.1 The quorum for the transaction of the business of the Directors
may be fixed by the Directors, and unless so fixed shall be a majority of the Directors then in office.

31.2 Subject to the provisions of the Articles, the Directors may
regulate their proceedings as they think fit. Questions arising at any meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. In the case of
an equality of votes, the chairperson shall have a second or casting vote.

31.3 A person may participate in a meeting of the Directors or any
committee of Directors by conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating in the
meeting can communicate with each other at the same time. Participation by a person in a meeting in this manner is treated as presence
in person at that meeting. Unless otherwise determined by the Directors, the meeting shall be deemed to be held at the place where the
chairperson is located at the start of the meeting.

31.4 A resolution in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed
by all the Directors or all the members of a committee of the Directors or, in the case of a resolution in writing relating to the removal
of any Director or the vacation of office by any Director, all of the Directors other than the Director who is the subject of such resolution
shall be as valid and effectual as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Directors, or committee of Directors as the case may be,
duly convened and held.

31.5 A Director may, or other Officer on the direction of a Director
shall, call a meeting of the Directors by at least two days notice in writing to every Director which notice shall set forth the
general nature of the business to be considered unless notice is waived by all the Directors either at, before or after the meeting is
held. To any such notice of a meeting of the Directors all the provisions of the Articles relating to the giving of notices by the Company
to the Members shall apply mutatis mutandis.

31.6 The continuing Directors (or a sole continuing Director, as
the case may be) may act notwithstanding any vacancy in their body, but if and so long as their number is reduced below the number fixed
by or pursuant to the Articles as the necessary quorum of Directors the continuing Directors or Director may act for the purpose of increasing
the number of Directors to be equal to such fixed number, or of summoning a general meeting of the Company, but for no other purpose.

17

31.7 The Directors may elect a chairperson of their board and determine
the period for which they are to hold office; but if no such chairperson is elected, or if at any meeting the chairperson is not present
within five minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Directors present may choose one of their number to be
chairperson of the meeting.

31.8 All acts done by any meeting of the Directors or of a committee
of the Directors shall, notwithstanding that it is afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment of any Director,
and/or that they or any of them were disqualified, and/or had vacated their office and/or were not entitled to vote, be as valid as if
every such person had been duly appointed and/or not disqualified to be a Director and/or had not vacated their office and/or had been
entitled to vote, as the case may be.

31.9 A Director may be represented at any meetings of the board of
Directors by a proxy appointed in writing by that Director. The proxy shall count towards the quorum and the vote of the proxy shall
for all purposes be deemed to be that of the appointing Director.

32 Presumption of Assent

A Director who is present at a meeting
of the board of Directors at which action on any Company matter is taken shall be presumed to have assented to the action taken unless
their dissent shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless they shall file their written dissent from such action with the
person acting as the chairperson or secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall forward such dissent by registered
post to such person immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply to a Director who voted in
favour of such action.

33 Directors Interests

33.1 A Director may hold any other office or place of profit under
the Company (other than the office of Auditor) in conjunction with their office of Director for such period and on such terms as to remuneration
and otherwise as the Directors may determine.

33.2 A Director may act on their own or by, through or on behalf
of their firm in a professional capacity for the Company and they or their firm shall be entitled to remuneration for professional services
as if they were not a Director.

33.3 A Director may be or become a director or other officer of or
otherwise interested in any company promoted by the Company or in which the Company may be interested as a shareholder, a contracting
party or otherwise, and no such Director shall be accountable to the Company for any remuneration or other benefits received by them
as a director or officer of, or from their interest in, such other company.

33.4 No person shall be disqualified from the office of Director
or prevented by such office from contracting with the Company, either as vendor, purchaser or otherwise, nor shall any such contract
or any contract or transaction entered into by or on behalf of the Company in which any Director shall be in any way interested be or
be liable to be avoided, nor shall any Director so contracting or being so interested be liable to account to the Company for any profit
realised by or arising in connection with any such contract or transaction by reason of such Director holding office or of the fiduciary
relationship thereby established. A Director shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which they are
interested provided that the nature of the interest of any Director in any such contract or transaction shall be disclosed by them at
or prior to its consideration and any vote thereon.

33.5 A general notice that a Director is a shareholder, director,
officer or employee of any specified firm or company and is to be regarded as interested in any transaction with such firm or company
shall be sufficient disclosure for the purposes of voting on a resolution in respect of a contract or transaction in which they have
an interest, and after such general notice it shall not be necessary to give special notice relating to any particular transaction.

34 Minutes

The Directors shall cause minutes to
be made in books kept for the purpose of recording all appointments of Officers made by the Directors, all proceedings at meetings of
the Company or the holders of any class of Shares and of the Directors, and of committees of the Directors, including the names of the
Directors present at each meeting.

18

35 Delegation of Directors Powers

35.1 The Directors may delegate any of their powers, authorities
and discretions, including the power to sub-delegate, to any committee consisting of one or more Directors (including, without
limitation, the Audit Committee). Any such delegation may be made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose and either collaterally
with or to the exclusion of their own powers and any such delegation may be revoked or altered by the Directors. Subject to any such
conditions, the proceedings of a committee of Directors shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings of Directors, so
far as they are capable of applying.

35.2 The Directors may establish any committees, local boards or
agencies or appoint any person to be a manager or agent for managing the affairs of the Company and may appoint any person to be a member
of such committees, local boards or agencies. Any such appointment may be made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose, and
either collaterally with or to the exclusion of their own powers and any such appointment may be revoked or altered by the Directors.
Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings of any such committee, local board or agency shall be governed by the Articles regulating
the proceedings of Directors, so far as they are capable of applying.

35.3 The Directors may adopt formal written charters for committees.
Each of these committees shall be empowered to do all things necessary to exercise the rights of such committee set forth in the Articles
and shall have such powers as the Directors may delegate pursuant to the Articles and as required by the rules and regulations of the
Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under
Applicable Law. The Audit Committee, if established, shall consist of such number of Directors as the Directors shall from time to time
determine (or such minimum number as may be required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange,
the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law). For so long
as any class of Shares is listed on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Audit Committee shall be made up of such number of Independent
Directors as is required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange
Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law.

35.4 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint
any person to be the agent of the Company on such conditions as the Directors may determine, provided that the delegation is not to the
exclusion of their own powers and may be revoked by the Directors at any time.

35.5 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint
any company, firm, person or body of persons, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to be the attorney or authorised
signatory of the Company for such purpose and with such powers, authorities and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable
by the Directors under the Articles) and for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any such powers of
attorney or other appointment may contain such provisions for the protection and convenience of persons dealing with any such attorneys
or authorised signatories as the Directors may think fit and may also authorise any such attorney or authorised signatory to delegate
all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in them.

35.6 The Directors may appoint such Officers as they consider necessary
on such terms, at such remuneration and to perform such duties, and subject to such provisions as to disqualification and removal as
the Directors may think fit. Unless otherwise specified in the terms of their appointment an Officer may be removed by resolution of
the Directors or Members. An Officer may vacate their office at any time if they give notice in writing to the Company that they resign
their office.

36 No Minimum Shareholding

The Company in general meeting may fix
a minimum shareholding required to be held by a Director, but unless and until such a shareholding qualification is fixed a Director is
not required to hold Shares.

19

37 Remuneration of Directors

37.1 The remuneration to be paid to the Directors, if any, shall
be such remuneration as the Directors shall determine, provided that no cash remuneration shall be paid to any Director by the Company
prior to the consummation of a Business Combination. The Directors shall also, whether prior to or after the consummation of a Business
Combination, be entitled to be paid all travelling, hotel and other expenses properly incurred by them in connection with their attendance
at meetings of Directors or committees of Directors, or general meetings of the Company, or separate meetings of the holders of any class
of Shares or debentures of the Company, or otherwise in connection with the business of the Company or the discharge of their duties
as a Director, or to receive a fixed allowance in respect thereof as may be determined by the Directors, or a combination partly of one
such method and partly the other.

37.2 The Directors may by resolution approve additional remuneration
to any Director for any services which in the opinion of the Directors go beyond that Directors ordinary routine work as a Director.
Any fees paid to a Director who is also counsel, attorney or solicitor to the Company, or otherwise serves it in a professional capacity
shall be in addition to their remuneration as a Director.

38 Seal

38.1 The Company may, if the Directors so determine, have a Seal.
The Seal shall only be used by the authority of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors authorised by the Directors. Every instrument
to which the Seal has been affixed shall be signed by at least one person who shall be either a Director or some Officer or other person
appointed by the Directors for the purpose.

38.2 The Company may have for use in any place or places outside
the Cayman Islands a duplicate Seal or Seals each of which shall be a facsimile of the common Seal of the Company and, if the Directors
so determine, with the addition on its face of the name of every place where it is to be used.

38.3 A Director or Officer, representative or attorney of the Company
may without further authority of the Directors affix the Seal over their signature alone to any document of the Company required to be
authenticated by them under seal or to be filed with the Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere wheresoever.

39 Dividends, Distributions and Reserve

39.1 Subject to the Statute and this Article and except as otherwise
provided by the rights attached to any Shares, the Directors may resolve to pay Dividends and other distributions on Shares in issue
and authorise payment of the Dividends or other distributions out of the funds of the Company lawfully available therefor. A Dividend
shall be deemed to be an interim Dividend unless the terms of the resolution pursuant to which the Directors resolve to pay such Dividend
specifically state that such Dividend shall be a final Dividend. No Dividend or other distribution shall be paid except out of the realised
or unrealised profits of the Company, out of the share premium account or as otherwise permitted by law.

39.2 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares,
all Dividends and other distributions shall be paid according to the par value of the Shares that a Member holds. If any Share is issued
on terms providing that it shall rank for Dividend as from a particular date, that Share shall rank for Dividend accordingly.

39.3 The Directors may deduct from any Dividend or other distribution
payable to any Member all sums of money (if any) then payable by the Member to the Company on account of calls or otherwise.

39.4 The Directors may resolve that any Dividend or other distribution
be paid wholly or partly by the distribution of specific assets and in particular (but without limitation) by the distribution of shares,
debentures, or securities of any other company or in any one or more of such ways and where any difficulty arises in regard to such distribution,
the Directors may settle the same as they think expedient and in particular may issue fractional Shares and may fix the value for distribution
of such specific assets or any part thereof and may determine that cash payments shall be made to any Members upon the basis of the value
so fixed in order to adjust the rights of all Members and may vest any such specific assets in trustees in such manner as may seem expedient
to the Directors.

39.5 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares,
Dividends and other distributions may be paid in any currency. The Directors may determine the basis of conversion for any currency conversions
that may be required and how any costs involved are to be met.

39.6 The Directors may, before resolving to pay any Dividend or other
distribution, set aside such sums as they think proper as a reserve or reserves which shall, at the discretion of the Directors, be applicable
for any purpose of the Company and pending such application may, at the discretion of the Directors, be employed in the business of the
Company.

20

39.7 Any Dividend, other distribution, interest or other monies payable
in cash in respect of Shares may be paid by wire transfer to the holder or by cheque or warrant sent through the post directed to the
registered address of the holder or, in the case of joint holders, to the registered address of the holder who is first named on the
Register of Members or to such person and to such address as such holder or joint holders may in writing direct. Every such cheque or
warrant shall be made payable to the order of the person to whom it is sent. Any one of two or more joint holders may give effectual
receipts for any Dividends, other distributions, bonuses, or other monies payable in respect of the Share held by them as joint holders.

39.8 No Dividend or other distribution shall bear interest against
the Company.

39.9 Any Dividend or other distribution which cannot be paid to a
Member and/or which remains unclaimed after six months from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable may,
in the discretion of the Directors, be paid into a separate account in the Companys name, provided that the Company shall not
be constituted as a trustee in respect of that account and the Dividend or other distribution shall remain as a debt due to the Member.
Any Dividend or other distribution which remains unclaimed after a period of six years from the date on which such Dividend or other
distribution becomes payable shall be forfeited and shall revert to the Company.

40 Capitalisation

The Directors may at any time capitalise
any sum standing to the credit of any of the Companys reserve accounts or funds (including the share premium account and capital
redemption reserve fund) or any sum standing to the credit of the profit and loss account or otherwise available for distribution; appropriate
such sum to Members in the proportions in which such sum would have been divisible amongst such Members had the same been a distribution
of profits by way of Dividend or other distribution; and apply such sum on their behalf in paying up in full unissued Shares for allotment
and distribution credited as fully paid-up to and amongst them in the proportion aforesaid. In such event the Directors shall
do all acts and things required to give effect to such capitalisation, with full power given to the Directors to make such provisions
as they think fit in the case of Shares becoming distributable in fractions (including provisions whereby the benefit of fractional entitlements
accrue to the Company rather than to the Members concerned). The Directors may authorise any person to enter on behalf of all of the Members
interested into an agreement with the Company providing for such capitalisation and matters incidental or relating thereto and any agreement
made under such authority shall be effective and binding on all such Members and the Company.

41 Books of Account

41.1 The Directors shall cause proper books of account (including,
where applicable, material underlying documentation including contracts and invoices) to be kept with respect to all sums of money
received and expended by the Company and the matters in respect of which the receipt or expenditure takes place, all sales and purchases
of goods by the Company and the assets and liabilities of the Company. Such books of account must be retained for a minimum period of
five years from the date on which they are prepared. Proper books shall not be deemed to be kept if there are not kept such books of
account as are necessary to give a true and fair view of the state of the Companys affairs and to explain its transactions.

41.2 The Directors shall determine whether and to what extent and
at what times and places and under what conditions or regulations the accounts and books of the Company or any of them shall be open
to the inspection of Members not being Directors and no Member (not being a Director) shall have any right of inspecting any account
or book or document of the Company except as conferred by Statute or authorised by the Directors or by the Company in general meeting.

41.3 The Directors may cause to be prepared and to be laid before
the Company in general meeting profit and loss accounts, balance sheets, group accounts (if any) and such other reports and accounts
as may be required by law.

21

42 Audit

42.1 The Directors may appoint an Auditor of the Company who shall
hold office on such terms as the Directors determine.

42.2 Without prejudice to the freedom of the Directors to establish
any other committee, if the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, and if required
by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Directors shall establish and maintain an Audit Committee as a committee of the Directors
and shall adopt a formal written Audit Committee charter and review and assess the adequacy of the formal written charter on an annual
basis. The composition and responsibilities of the Audit Committee shall comply with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock
Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. The
Audit Committee shall meet at least once every financial quarter, or more frequently as circumstances dictate.

42.3 If the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or
quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Company shall conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions on an ongoing
basis and shall utilise the Audit Committee for the review and approval of potential conflicts of interest.

42.4 The remuneration of the Auditor shall be fixed by the Audit Committee (if one exists).

42.5 If the office of Auditor becomes vacant by resignation or death of the Auditor, or by their becoming incapable
of acting by reason of illness or other disability at a time when their services are required, the Directors shall fill the vacancy and
determine the remuneration of such Auditor.

42.6 Every Auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times to the books and accounts and vouchers
of the Company and shall be entitled to require from the Directors and Officers such information and explanation as may be necessary for
the performance of the duties of the Auditor.

42.7 Auditors shall, if so required by the Directors, make a report on the accounts of the Company during their
tenure of office at the next annual general meeting following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered with the
Registrar of Companies as an ordinary company, and at the next extraordinary general meeting following their appointment in the case of
a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an exempted company, and at any other time during their term of office,
upon request of the Directors or any general meeting of the Members.

42.8 Any payment made to members of the Audit Committee (if one exists) shall require the review and approval
of the Directors, with any Director interested in such payment abstaining from such review and approval.

42.9 The Audit Committee shall monitor compliance with the terms of the IPO and, if any non-compliance is
identified, the Audit Committee shall be charged with the responsibility to take all action necessary to rectify such non-compliance or
otherwise cause compliance with the terms of the IPO.

42.10 At least one member of the Audit Committee shall be an audit committee financial expert
as determined by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent
regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. The audit committee financial expert shall have such past employment
experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or any other comparable experience or background
which results in the individuals financial sophistication.

43 Notices

43.1 Notices shall be in writing and may be given by the Company
to any Member either personally or by sending it by courier, post, telex, fax or email to such Member or to such Members address
as shown in the Register of Members (or where the notice is given by email by sending it to the email address provided by such Member).
Notice may also be served by Electronic Communication in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange,
the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or by placing it on the Companys Website.

22

43.2 Where
a notice is sent by:

(a) courier; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected
by delivery of the notice to a courier company, and shall be deemed to have been received on the third day (not including Saturdays or
Sundays or public holidays) following the day on which the notice was delivered to the courier;

(b) post; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected
by properly addressing, pre paying and posting a letter containing the notice, and shall be deemed to have been received on the fifth
day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public holidays in the Cayman Islands) following the day on which the notice was posted;

(c) telex or fax; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing and sending
such notice and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was transmitted;

(d) email or other Electronic Communication; service of the notice
shall be deemed to be effected by transmitting the email to the email address provided by the intended recipient and shall be deemed
to have been received on the same day that it was sent, and it shall not be necessary for the receipt of the email to be acknowledged
by the recipient; and

(e) placing it on the Companys Website; service of the
notice shall be deemed to have been effected one hour after the notice or document was placed on the Companys Website.

43.3 A notice may be given by the Company to the person or persons
which the Company has been advised are entitled to a Share or Shares in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member in the same
manner as other notices which are required to be given under the Articles and shall be addressed to them by name, or by the title of
representatives of the deceased, or trustee of the bankrupt, or by any like description at the address supplied for that purpose by the
persons claiming to be so entitled, or at the option of the Company by giving the notice in any manner in which the same might have been
given if the death or bankruptcy had not occurred.

43.4 Notice of every general meeting shall be given in any manner
authorised by the Articles to every holder of Shares carrying an entitlement to receive such notice on the record date for such meeting
except that in the case of joint holders the notice shall be sufficient if given to the joint holder first named in the Register of Members
and every person upon whom the ownership of a Share devolves because they are a legal personal representative or a trustee in bankruptcy
of a Member where the Member but for their death or bankruptcy would be entitled to receive notice of the meeting, and no other person
shall be entitled to receive notices of general meetings.

44 Winding Up

44.1 If the Company shall be wound up, the liquidator shall apply the assets of the Company in satisfaction
of creditors claims in such manner and order as such liquidator thinks fit. Subject to the rights attaching to any Shares, in a
winding up:

(a) if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members
shall be insufficient to repay the whole of the Companys issued share capital, such assets shall be distributed so that, as nearly
as may be, the losses shall be borne by the Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them; or

(b) if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members
shall be more than sufficient to repay the whole of the Companys issued share capital at the commencement of the winding up, the
surplus shall be distributed amongst the Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them at the commencement of the
winding up subject to a deduction from those Shares in respect of which there are monies due, of all monies payable to the Company for
unpaid calls or otherwise.

44.2 If the Company shall be wound up the liquidator may, subject to the rights attaching to any Shares and
with the approval of a Special Resolution of the Company and any other approval required by the Statute, divide amongst the Members in
kind the whole or any part of the assets of the Company (whether such assets shall consist of property of the same kind or not) and may
for that purpose value any assets and determine how the division shall be carried out as between the Members or different classes of Members.
The liquidator may, with the like approval, vest the whole or any part of such assets in trustees upon such trusts for the benefit of
the Members as the liquidator, with the like approval, shall think fit, but so that no Member shall be compelled to accept any asset upon
which there is a liability.

23

45 Indemnity and Insurance

45.1 Every Director and Officer (which for the avoidance of doubt,
shall not include auditors of the Company), together with every former Director and former Officer (each an Indemnified Person)
shall be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against any liability, action, proceeding, claim, demand, costs, damages or expenses,
including legal expenses, whatsoever which they or any of them may incur as a result of any act or failure to act in carrying out their
functions other than such liability (if any) that they may incur by reason of their own actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default.
No Indemnified Person shall be liable to the Company for any loss or damage incurred by the Company as a result (whether direct or indirect)
of the carrying out of their functions unless that liability arises through the actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default of such
Indemnified Person. No person shall be found to have committed actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default under this Article unless
or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a finding to that effect.

45.2 The Company shall advance to each Indemnified Person reasonable
attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the defence of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation
involving such Indemnified Person for which indemnity will or could be sought. In connection with any advance of any expenses hereunder,
the Indemnified Person shall execute an undertaking to repay the advanced amount to the Company if it shall be determined by final judgment
or other final adjudication that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article. If it shall be
determined by a final judgment or other final adjudication that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification with respect
to such judgment, costs or expenses, then such party shall not be indemnified with respect to such judgment, costs or expenses and any
advancement shall be returned to the Company (without interest) by the Indemnified Person.

45.3 The
Directors, on behalf of the Company, may purchase and maintain insurance for the benefit of any Director or Officer against any liability
which, by virtue of any rule of law, would otherwise attach to such person in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach
of trust of which such person may be guilty in relation to the Company.

46 Financial Year

Unless
the Directors otherwise prescribe, the financial year of the Company shall end on 31st December
in each year and, following the year of incorporation, shall begin on 1st January
in each year.

47 Transfer by Way of Continuation

47.1 If the Company is exempted as defined in the Statute, it shall,
subject to the provisions of the Statute and with the approval of a Special Resolution, have the power to register by way of continuation
as a body corporate under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands. For the
purposes of a Special Resolution to be passed pursuant to this Article, a holder of Class B Shares shall have ten votes for every
Class B Share of which he is the holder and a holder of Class A Shares shall have one vote for every Class A Share of
which he is the holder.

47.2 Prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, Article
47.1 may only be amended by a Special Resolution passed by at least 90% of such Members (which shall include a simple majority of the
holders of Class B Shares) as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting
of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given, or by way of unanimous written
resolution.

48 Mergers and Consolidations

The Company shall have the power to merge
or consolidate with one or more other constituent companies (as defined in the Statute) upon such terms as the Directors may determine
and (to the extent required by the Statute) with the approval of a Special Resolution.

49 Business Combination

49.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Articles, this Article
shall apply during the period commencing upon the adoption of the Articles and terminating upon the first to occur of the consummation
of a Business Combination and the full distribution of the Trust Account pursuant to this Article. In the event of a conflict between
this Article and any other Articles, the provisions of this Article shall prevail.

24

49.2 Prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company
shall either:

(a) submit such Business Combination to its Members for approval;
or

(b) provide Members with the opportunity to have their Shares repurchased by means of a tender offer for a per-Share repurchase
price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, calculated as of two business days prior to
the consummation of such Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account (net of taxes paid or payable, if any),
divided by the number of then issued Public Shares, provided that the Company shall not repurchase Public Shares in an amount that would
cause the Companys net tangible assets to be less than US$5,000,001 prior to or upon consummation of such Business Combination.
Such obligation to repurchase Shares is subject to the completion of the proposed Business Combination to which it relates.

49.3 If the Company initiates any tender offer in accordance with
Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act in connection with a proposed Business Combination, it shall file tender
offer documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission prior to completing such Business Combination which contain substantially
the same financial and other information about such Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A
of the Exchange Act. If, alternatively, the Company holds a general meeting to approve a proposed Business Combination, the Company will
conduct any redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, and not pursuant to
the tender offer rules, and file proxy materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

49.4 At a general meeting called for the purposes of approving a Business Combination pursuant to this Article,
in the event that such Business Combination is approved by Ordinary Resolution, the Company shall be authorised to consummate such Business
Combination, provided that the Company shall not consummate such Business Combination unless the Company has net tangible assets of at
least US$5,000,001 immediately prior to, or upon such consummation of, or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may
be contained in the agreement relating to, such Business Combination.

49.5 Any Member holding Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder,
Officer or Director may, at least two business days prior to any vote on a Business Combination, elect to have their Public Shares
redeemed for cash, in accordance with any applicable requirements provided for in the related proxy materials (the IPO Redemption),
provided that no such Member acting together with any Affiliate of their or any other person with whom they are acting in concert or
as a partnership, limited partnership, syndicate, or other group for the purposes of acquiring, holding, or disposing of Shares may exercise
this redemption right with respect to more than 15% of the Public Shares in the aggregate without the prior consent of the Company and
provided further that any beneficial holder of Public Shares on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify itself
to the Company in connection with any redemption election in order to validly redeem such Public Shares. If so demanded, the Company
shall pay any such redeeming Member, regardless of whether they are voting for or against such proposed Business Combination, a per-Share redemption
price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior
to the consummation of the Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account (such interest shall be net of taxes
payable) and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then issued Public Shares (such redemption
price being referred to herein as the Redemption Price), but only in the event that the applicable proposed Business
Combination is approved and in connection with its consummation. The Company shall not redeem Public Shares that would cause the Companys
net tangible assets to be less than US$5,000,001 following such redemptions (the Redemption Limitation).

49.6 A Member may not withdraw a Redemption Notice once submitted
to the Company unless the Directors determine (in their sole discretion) to permit the withdrawal of such redemption request (which they
may do in whole or in part).

25

49.7 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Articles and the
prospectus relating to the IPO, the Company shall consummate a Business Combination by January 28, 2025, provided however that if the
board of Directors anticipates that the Company may not be able to consummate a Business Combination by January 28, 2025, the Company
may, by resolution of the board of Directors if requested by the Sponsor, without the need for any further approval of the Members, extend
the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to nine (9) times, each by an additional one (1) month (for a total of up
to 9 months until October 28, 2025) to complete a Business Combination, subject to the Sponsor or its affiliates or designees depositing
additional funds into the Trust Account, for each one (1) month period, an amount equal to US$0.05 for each remaining Public Share at
the time of such deposit. In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination by January 28, 2025, or (in the case
of nine (9) valid extensions of an additional one (1) month) October 28, 2025, or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance
with the Articles, the Company shall:

(a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up;

(b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares,
at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company (less taxes payable and up to US$100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then Public Shares in issue, which redemption will completely extinguish public
Members rights as Members (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and

(c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the Companys remaining Members and the Directors, liquidate and dissolve,

subject in each case to its obligations
under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of Applicable Law.

49.8 In the event that any amendment is made to the Articles:

(a) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys
obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or redeem 100% of the Public Shares if the Company does not
consummate a Business Combination by January 28, 2025 (or, if the board of Directors has resolved to extend the period of time to consummate
a Business Combination as described in Article 49.7, up to October 28, 2025), or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance
with the Articles; or

(b) with respect to any other provision relating to Members
rights or pre-Business Combination activity,

each holder of Public Shares who is not
the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon the approval or
effectiveness of any such amendment at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in
the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay
its taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. The Companys ability to provide such redemption in this Article
is subject to the Redemption Limitation.

49.9 A holder of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive distributions from the Trust Account only in the
event of an IPO Redemption, a repurchase of Shares by means of a tender offer pursuant to this Article, or a distribution of the Trust
Account pursuant to this Article. In no other circumstance shall a holder of Public Shares have any right or interest of any kind in the
Trust Account.

49.10 After the issue of Public Shares, and prior to the consummation
of a Business Combination, the Company shall not issue additional Shares or any other securities that would entitle the holders thereof
to:

(a) receive funds from the Trust Account; or

(b) vote as a class with Public Shares on a Business Combination.

49.11 A Director may vote in respect of a Business Combination in
which such Director has a conflict of interest with respect to the evaluation of such Business Combination. Such Director must disclose
such interest or conflict to the other Directors.

49.12 As long as the securities of the Company are listed on the Nasdaq
Global Market, the Company must complete one or more Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the
assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust
Account) at the time of the Companys signing a definitive agreement in connection with a Business Combination. A Business Combination
must not be effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations.

26

49.13 The Company may enter into a Business Combination with a target
business that is Affiliated with the Sponsor, a Founder, a Director or an Officer. In the event the Company seeks to consummate a Business
Combination with a target that is Affiliated with the Sponsor, a Founder, a Director or an Officer, the Company, or a committee of Independent
Directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation
opinions that such a Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view.

50 Certain Tax Filings

Each Tax Filing Authorised Person and
any such other person, acting alone, as any Director shall designate from time to time, are authorised to file tax forms SS-4, W-8 BEN, W-8 IMY, W-9 and
8832 and such other similar tax forms as are customary to file with any US state or federal governmental authorities or foreign governmental
authorities in connection with the formation, activities and/or elections of the Company and such other tax forms as may be approved from
time to time by any Director or Officer. The Company further ratifies and approves any such filing made by any Tax Filing Authorised Person
or such other person prior to the date of the Articles.

51 Business Opportunities

51.1 To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, no individual
serving as a Director or an Officer (Management) shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed
by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as the Company.
To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered
an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for Management, on the one
hand, and the Company, on the other. Except to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable
Law, Management shall have no duty to communicate or offer any such corporate opportunity to the Company and shall not be liable to the
Company or its Members for breach of any fiduciary duty as a Member, Director and/or Officer solely by reason of the fact that such party
pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself or themselves, directs such corporate opportunity to another person, or does
not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Company.

51.2 Except as provided elsewhere in this Article, the Company hereby
renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction
or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both the Company and Management, about which a Director and/or Officer who is also
a member of Management acquires knowledge.

51.3 To the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity
related to a corporate opportunity that is renounced in this Article to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Members, the Company
hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, any and all claims and causes of action that the Company may have for
such activities. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the provisions of this Article apply equally to activities conducted
in the future and that have been conducted in the past.

52 Exclusive Jurisdiction and Forum

52.1 Unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an
alternative forum, the courts of the Cayman Islands shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of or in
connection with the Memorandum, the Articles or otherwise related in any way to each Members shareholding in the Company, including
but not limited to:

(a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company;

(b) any action asserting a claim of breach of any fiduciary or
other duty owed by any current or former Director, Officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Members;

(c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision
of the Statute, the Memorandum or the Articles; or

(d) any action asserting a claim against the Company governed
by the internal affairs doctrine (as such concept is recognised under the laws of the United States of America).

27

52.2 Each Member irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the courts of the Cayman Islands over all such claims or disputes.

52.3 Without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that the Company may have, each Member acknowledges
that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum
and that accordingly the Company shall be entitled, without proof of special damages, to the remedies of injunction, specific performance
or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum.

52.4 Article 52.1, Article 52.2 and Article 52.3 shall not apply
to any action or suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Exchange
Act, or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are, as a matter of the laws of the United States,
the sole and exclusive forum for determination of such a claim.

28
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022756001ex99-1_aimfinity1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED JANUARY 10, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Aimfinity Investment Corp. I Announces Results
of the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Shareholders and Extension of the Deadline for an Initial Business Combination

Wilmington, Delaware, January 10, 2025 (GLOBE
NEWSWIRE) -- Aimfinity Investment Corp. I (NASDAQ: AIMAU) (the Company), a blank check company incorporated as
a Cayman Islands exempted company, today announced it has concluded an extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders (the Extraordinary
General Meeting) in lieu of an annual general meeting, previously adjourned from December 30, 2024.

At the Extraordinary General Meeting, the shareholders
of the Company approved, by special resolution, to amend the Companys Third Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
(the Charter) to allow the Company until January 28, 2025 to consummate an initial business combination and may elect to
extend the period to consummate an initial business combination up to nine times, each by an additional one-month period, for a total
of up to nine months to October 28, 2025, by depositing to the Companys trust account (the Trust Account) $0.05 for
each public share for each one-month extension (each such deposit, a Monthly Extension Payment).

In addition, the shareholders, by ordinary resolutions,
also re-elected Mr. Kevin D. Vassily, an independent director and chair of the audit committee, to a three-year term, and ratified the
appointment of MaloneBailey, LLP as the Companys independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal years ended December 31,
2023 and 2024.

Pursuant to the shareholders approval,
the Company may extend on monthly basis from January 28, 2025 to October 28, 2025, or such an earlier date as may be requested by the
sponsor of the Company, Aimfinity Investment LLC (the Sponsor), and authorized by its board, to complete a business combination
by depositing the Monthly Extension Payment for each month into the Trust Account.

About Aimfinity Investment Corp. I

Aimfinity Investment Corp. I is a blank check
company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. The Company has not selected any business
combination target and has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any
business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with it. While the Company will not be limited to a particular
industry or geographic region in its identification and acquisition of a target company, it will not complete its initial business combination
with a target that is headquartered in China (including Hong Kong and Macau) or conducts a majority of its business in China (including
Hong Kong and Macau). 

Additional Information and Where to Find
It

As previously disclosed, on October 13, 2023,
the Company entered into that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time, the Merger Agreement), by and between the Company, Docter Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
Aimfinity Investment Merger Sub I, a Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (Purchaser),
and Aimfinity Investment Merger Sub II, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Purchaser (Merger Sub),
pursuant to which the Company is proposing to enter into a business combination with Docter involving an reincorporation merger and an
acquisition merger. This press release does not contain all the information that should be considered concerning the proposed business
combination and is not intended to form the basis of any investment decision or any other decision in respect of the business combination.
AIMAs stockholders and other interested persons are advised to read, when available, the proxy statement/prospectus and the amendments
thereto and other documents filed in connection with the proposed business combination, as these materials will contain important information
about AIMA, Purchaser or Docter, and the proposed business combination. When available, the proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant
materials for the proposed business combination will be mailed to stockholders of AIMA as of a record date to be established for voting
on the proposed business combination. Such stockholders will also be able to obtain copies of the proxy statement/prospectus and other
documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), without charge, once available, at the SECs
website at www.sec.gov, or by directing a request to AIMAs principal office at 221 W 9th St, PMB 235 Wilmington, Delaware
19801.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains certain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, both as amended. Statements
that are not historical facts, including statements about the pending transactions described herein, and the parties perspectives
and expectations, are forward-looking statements. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the proposed transaction,
including the anticipated initial enterprise value and post-closing equity value, the benefits of the proposed transaction, integration
plans, expected synergies and revenue opportunities, anticipated future financial and operating performance and results, including estimates
for growth, the expected management and governance of the combined company, and the expected timing of the transactions. The words expect,
believe, estimate, intend, plan and similar expressions indicate forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to various risks and uncertainties,
assumptions (including assumptions about general economic, market, industry and operational factors), known or unknown, which could cause
the actual results to vary materially from those indicated or anticipated.

Such risks and uncertainties include, but
are not limited to: (i) risks related to the expected timing and likelihood of completion of the pending business combination, including
the risk that the transaction may not close due to one or more closing conditions to the transaction not being satisfied or waived, such
as regulatory approvals not being obtained, on a timely basis or otherwise, or that a governmental entity prohibited, delayed or refused
to grant approval for the consummation of the transaction or required certain conditions, limitations or restrictions in connection with
such approvals; (ii) risks related to the ability of AIMA and Docter to successfully integrate the businesses; (iii) the occurrence of
any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the applicable transaction agreements; (iv) the risk
that there may be a material adverse change with respect to the financial position, performance, operations or prospects of AIMA or Docter;
(v) risks related to disruption of management time from ongoing business operations due to the proposed transaction; (vi) the risk that
any announcements relating to the proposed transaction could have adverse effects on the market price of AIMAs securities; (vii)
the risk that the proposed transaction and its announcement could have an adverse effect on the ability of Docter to retain customers
and retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with their suppliers and customers and on their operating results and businesses
generally; (viii): risks relating to the medical device industry, including but not limited to governmental regulatory and enforcement
changes, market competitions, competitive product and pricing activity; and (ix) risks relating to the combined companys ability
to enhance its products and services, execute its business strategy, expand its customer base and maintain stable relationship with its
business partners.

A further list and description of risks and
uncertainties can be found in the prospectus filed on April 26, 2022 relating to AIMAs initial public offering, the annual report
of AIMA on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2022, filed on April 17, 2023, and in the Registration Statement/proxy
statement that will be filed with the SEC by AIMA and/or its affiliates in connection with the proposed transactions, and other documents
that the parties may file or furnish with the SEC, which you are encouraged to read. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those indicated or anticipated
by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements relate only to the date they were made, and Aimfinity, Docter, and their subsidiaries undertake no obligation to update forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made except as required by law or applicable regulation.

No Offer or Solicitation

This press release is not a proxy statement
or solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of any potential transaction and does
not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities of AIMA, Purchaser or Docter, nor shall there be any
sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration
or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus
meeting the requirements of the Securities Act.

Participants in the Solicitation

AIMA, Docter, and their respective directors,
executive officers, other members of management, and employees, under SEC rules, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation
of proxies of AIMAs shareholders in connection with the proposed transaction. Information regarding the persons who may, under
SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation of AIMAs shareholders in connection with the proposed business combination
will be set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus on Form F-4 to be filed with the SEC.

Contact Information:

Aimfinity Investment Corp. I

I-Fa Chang

Chief Executive Officer

221 W 9th St, PMB 235

Wilmington, Delaware 19801

ceo@aimfinityspac.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>aimau-20250109.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>aimau-20250109_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>aimau-20250109_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, one Class 1 redeemable warrant and one-half of one Class 2 redeemable warrant 

Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value 

Class 1 redeemable warrants, each exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 

Class 2 redeemable warrants, each exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>aimau-20250109_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 09, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 09, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-41361

Entity Registrant Name AIMFINITY INVESTMENT CORP. I

Entity Central Index Key 0001903464

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 221 W 9th St

Entity Address, Address Line Two PMB 235

Entity Address, City or Town Wilmington

Entity Address, State or Province DE

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 19801

City Area Code (425)

Local Phone Number 365-2933

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, one Class 1 redeemable warrant and one-half of one Class 2 redeemable warrant 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, one Class 1 redeemable warrant and one-half of one Class 2 redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol AIMAU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol AIMA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class 1 redeemable warrants, each exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 

Title of 12(b) Security Class 1 redeemable warrants, each exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50

Trading Symbol AIMAW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class 2 redeemable warrants, each exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 

Title of 12(b) Security Class 2 redeemable warrants, each exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50

Trading Symbol AIMAW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=AIMAU_UnitsConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueOneClass1RedeemableWarrantAndOnehalfOfOneClass2RedeemableWarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=AIMAU_ClassOrdinaryShares0.0001ParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=AIMAU_Class1RedeemableWarrantsEachExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=AIMAU_Class2RedeemableWarrantsEachExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
5 
25 
1 
false 
4 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://aimfinity.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

aimau-20250109.xsd 
aimau-20250109_def.xml 
aimau-20250109_lab.xml 
aimau-20250109_pre.xml 
ea0227560-8k_aimfinity1.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-003119-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ea0227560-8k_aimfinity1_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001903464 

2025-01-09 
2025-01-09 

0001903464 

AIMAU:UnitsConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueOneClass1RedeemableWarrantAndOnehalfOfOneClass2RedeemableWarrantMember 

2025-01-09 
2025-01-09 

0001903464 

AIMAU:ClassOrdinaryShares0.0001ParValueMember 

2025-01-09 
2025-01-09 

0001903464 

AIMAU:Class1RedeemableWarrantsEachExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member 

2025-01-09 
2025-01-09 

0001903464 

AIMAU:Class2RedeemableWarrantsEachExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member 

2025-01-09 
2025-01-09 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001903464 
00-0000000 
8-K 
2025-01-09 
AIMFINITY INVESTMENT CORP. I 
E9 
001-41361 
221 W 9th St 
PMB 235 
Wilmington 
DE 
19801 
(425) 
365-2933 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, one Class 1 redeemable warrant and one-half of one Class 2 redeemable warrant 
AIMAU 
NASDAQ 
Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value 
AIMA 
NASDAQ 
Class 1 redeemable warrants, each exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 
AIMAW 
NASDAQ 
Class 2 redeemable warrants, each exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 
AIMAW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>