<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-030101.txt : 20250409
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-030101.hdr.sgml : 20250409
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250409083037
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-030101
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250406
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250409
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250409

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			180 Life Sciences Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001690080
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				813832378
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38105
		FILM NUMBER:		25823900

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 EL CAMINO REAL
		STREET 2:		BLDG 4, STE 200
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94306
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-507-0669

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 EL CAMINO REAL
		STREET 2:		BLDG 4, STE 200
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94306

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KBL MERGER CORP. IV
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161115
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0237417-8k_180life.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000169008000016900802025-04-062025-04-060001690080ATNF:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-04-062025-04-060001690080ATNF:WarrantsToPurchaseSharesOfCommonStockMember2025-04-062025-04-06iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 6, 2025

180 LIFE SCIENCES CORP.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 001-38105 90-1890354

(State
or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission
File Number) (IRS
Employer

Identification No.)

3000 El Camino Real, Bldg. 4, Suite 200

Palo Alto, CA 94306

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (650) 507-0669

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e 4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share ATNF The NASDAQ Stock
Market LLC

Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock ATNFW The NASDAQ Stock
Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On,
and effective on, April 6, 2025 (the Effective Date), 180 Life Sciences Corp. (the Company,
we and us), entered into a Confidential Settlement Agreement and Release (the Settlement
Agreement) with AmTrust International Underwriters DAC (AmTrust), and its wholly-owned subsidiary, AmTrust
Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI). Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Company and AmTrust agreed to resolve
certain ongoing litigation and disputes relating to the Companys pre-merger directors and officers insurance policy,
as previously disclosed (the Coverage Action).

Pursuant
to the terms of the Settlement Agreement, the Company agreed to (i) pay AmTrust a cash payment of $250,000 (the Settlement
Sum) within 20 days of the Effective Date, and (ii) issue AFSI 509,707 shares of the Companys
common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Settlement Shares), within three business days of the Effective Date.
The Settlement Shares were valued at $575,000 (the Shares Value), based on the volume-weighted average price of
the Companys common stock over the 30 trading days preceding the Effective Date and are subject to customary anti-dilution protections,
including adjustments for stock splits, combinations, and stock dividends.

Within
ten days after delivery of both the Settlement Sum and the Settlement Shares, the parties have agreed to file a joint stipulation of
dismissal with prejudice of the Coverage Action.

In
connection with the settlement, the Company and AmTrust provided each other broad mutual releases of all claims, known and unknown, arising
out of or relating to, among other things, the Coverage Action, certain claims relating to a Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
investigation of certain of the Companys per-merger officers, including Dr. Marlene Krauss, a lawsuit filed by the Company against
Dr. Krauss, certain cross claims made by the Company against AmTrust, and related insurance claims and matters, including any claims
for bad faith, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, or alleged unfair insurance practices. These releases extend
to affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, and other related parties of both entities. The Settlement Agreement expressly
provides that it does not release the parties from obligations arising under the Settlement Agreement itself.

In
connection with the issuance of the Settlement Shares and pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Company agreed to provide AFSI with
certain registration rights. Specifically, the Company is obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to file a registration statement
on Form S-1 (or Form S-3, if available) with the SEC within 45 days of the Effective Date to register the resale of the Settlement Shares
(the Resale Registration Statement). The Company has further agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause
the Resale Registration Statement to be declared effective within 60 days following the Effective Date, or, in the event of SEC notice
that the Registration Statement will not be reviewed, by the third business day thereafter.

The
Company is required to keep the Resale Registration Statement continuously effective until such time as AFSI no longer holds any Settlement
Shares, and to bear all related costs and expenses in connection with such registration, excluding AFSIs legal fees. Additionally,
the Company must provide legal opinion coverage at its expense, if necessary, to enable AFSI to rely on Rule 144 resale exemptions after
six months.

If
the Company fails to file or cause the Resale Registration Statement to become effective within 105 days after the Effective Date, if
the prospectus included in the registration statement can no longer be relied upon, or if the Company fails to maintain the effectiveness
of the Resale Registration Statement (each, a Registration Statement Failure Event), the Company is required to
pay liquidated damages equal to 3.0% of the Shares Value for each such failure and for each month such failure continues, subject to
a cap of 33.0% of the Shares Value.

1

The
Settlement Agreement included customary representations and warranties of the parties, including representations from AFSI confirming
its status as an accredited investor.

The
foregoing summary of the Settlement Agreement is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Settlement Agreement,
a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated into this Item 1.01 by
reference in its entirety.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information contained above in Item 1.01 related to the 509,707 Settlement Shares is hereby incorporated by reference
into this Item 3.02. The Settlement Shares were issued without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act), since the offer and sale of such shares did not involve a public offering and the recipient
was an accredited investor. The securities were offered without any general solicitation by us or our representatives.
No underwriters or agents were involved in the foregoing offer and we paid no underwriting discounts or commissions. The securities are
subject to transfer restrictions, and the securities contain an appropriate legend stating that such securities have not been registered
under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold absent registration or pursuant to an exemption therefrom.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1* Confidential Settlement Agreement and Release dated April 6, 2025, between 180 Life Sciences Corp., AmTrust International Underwriters DAC and AmTrust Financial Services, Inc.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* Filed herewith.

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

180 LIFE SCIENCES CORP.

Date: April 9, 2025 By: /s/ Blair
Jordan

Blair Jordan

Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023741701ex10-1_180life.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CONFIDENTIAL SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND RELEASE DATED APRIL 6, 2025, BETWEEN 180 LIFE SCIENCES CORP., AMTRUST INTERNATIONAL UNDERWRITERS DAC AND AMTRUST FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

confidential
SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND RELEASE

This
Settlement Agreement and Release (the Agreement) is made and entered into by and between 180 Life Sciences Corp., and its
past, present, or future members, managers, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, divisions, associated entities, partners, directors, officers,
employees, owners, shareholders, principals, insurers, reinsurers, agents, brokers, counselors, representatives, attorneys, and all persons
acting by, through, under, or in concert with any of them, and including their respective predecessors, successors, trustees, executors,
administrators, heirs, and assigns (collectively, 180 Life) on the one hand, and AmTrust International Underwriters DAC,
and its past, present, or future parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, divisions, associated entities, partners, directors, officers, employees,
owners, shareholders, principals, insurers, reinsurers, agents, brokers, counselors, representatives, attorneys, and all persons acting
by, through, under, or in concert with any of them, and including their respective predecessors, successors, trustees, executors, administrators,
heirs, and assigns (collectively, AmTrust), and AmTrust Financial Services, Inc., a Delaware Corporation, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of AmTrust (AFSI), solely for purposes of Sections 1(c) and 17(a), on the other hand. At times herein, AmTrust,
AFSI, and 180 Life will be referred to as a Party and/or collectively as the Parties.

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
AmTrust issued Policy No. EUC1001782 00 to KBL Merger Corp. IV (KBL) for Claims1 first made during the
Policy Period of June 7, 2017 to June 7, 2018 (the Policy). The Policy Period was subsequently extended by
endorsement to expire on November 9, 2020. The Policys Directors and Officers and Public Company Liability Coverage Element contains
an each Claim and Aggregate Limit of Liability of $3,000,000, subject to a $250,000 per Securities Claim Retention. The
Limit of Liability and any applicable Retention(s) are inclusive of Defense Costs.

WHEREAS,
on November 6, 2020, KBL, a special purpose acquisition company then under management that included Dr. Marlene Krauss and George Hornig
as officers and directors, merged with 180 Life Corp. and its associated entities (the Merger). Dr. Krauss and Mr. Hornig
resigned from KBL as part of the Merger. The surviving entity following the Merger changed its name to 180 Life.

WHEREAS,
after the Merger closed, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) commenced an investigation into the Merger
(the SEC Investigation). The SEC served subpoenas (the SEC Subpoenas) on Dr. Krauss and Mr. Hornig as part
of the SEC Investigation.

WHEREAS,
on or about August 19, 2021, Dr. Marlene Krauss filed a Complaint (the Advancement Complaint) and commenced a legal action
against 180 Life in the Chancery Court of Delaware (the Delaware Court) entitled Marlene Krauss, M.D. v. 180 Life Sciences
Corp., Case No. 2021-0714-LWW (the Advancement Action), seeking in part indemnification from 180 Life in relation to
the SEC Investigation.

1 Terms in bold are defined in the Policy.

1

WHEREAS,
on September 1, 2021, 180 Life filed a lawsuit against Dr. Krauss, KBL Merger Sub, and KBL Healthcare Management, Inc. in the Court of
Chancery of the State of Delaware, Case No. 2021-0754, alleging that Dr. Krauss and two of her alter ego companies breached fiduciary
duties, made false attestations of financial statements, and engaged in other unauthorized acts that caused 180 Life to suffer millions
of dollars in damages (the 180 Life Lawsuit).

WHEREAS,
in response to the 180 Life Lawsuit, Dr. Krauss asserted affirmative defenses and filed a Counterclaim and Third-Party Complaint against
180 Life.

WHEREAS,
on October 6, 2021, 180 Life advised AmTrust that it had been served with the Counterclaim and Third-Party Complaint in the 180 Life
Lawsuit, and tendered those matters to AmTrust for coverage under the Policy.

WHEREAS,
on December 30, 2021, AmTrust denied coverage to 180 Life for the Counterclaim and Third-Party Complaint.

WHEREAS,
on or about March 7, 2023, the Delaware Court in the Advancement Action granted Dr. Krausss Motion for Summary Judgment in part,
and subsequently entered an Order requiring 180 Life to make certain advance payments to Dr. Krauss (the Advancement Order).
Subsequent thereto, 180 Life made a series of monetary payments to Dr. Krauss and Mr. Hornig in relation to fees incurred by those individuals
in relation to the SEC Investigation (collectively, the Advancement Payments).

WHEREAS,
on April 19, 2022, 180 Life demanded that AmTrust provide coverage under the Policy to 180 Life for the Advancement Payments made to
Mr. Hornig and Dr. Krauss in relation to the SEC Investigation (the Demand).

WHEREAS,
on May 4, 2022, AmTrust denied coverage to 180 Life in relation to the Demand.

WHEREAS,
on June 29, 2022, AmTrust filed a declaratory judgment action in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, captioned
AmTrust International Underwriters DAC v. 180 Life Sciences Corp., Case No. 5:22-cv-03844-BLF, which sought a declaration that
no coverage is available to 180 Life under the Policy for the: (1) Counterclaim and Third-Party Complaint filed in the 180 Life Lawsuit;
and (2) the Advancement Payments made to Mr. Hornig and Dr. Krauss in relation to the SEC Subpoenas (the Coverage Action).

WHEREAS,
on September 20, 2022, 180 Life filed a Counterclaim against AmTrust in the Coverage Action, which sought coverage under the Policy for:
(1) 180 Lifes Advancement Payments to Dr. Krauss and Mr. Hornig; and (2) the Defense Costs incurred by 180 Life in the
defense of Dr. Krauss Counterclaim and Third-Party Complaint filed in the 180 Life Lawsuit (collectively, the 180 Life
Claims).

WHEREAS,
on February 12, 2024, the District Court in the Coverage Action ordered that AmTrust advance to 180 Life under the Policy all Defense
Costs in excess of the retention threshold that 180 Life has advanced, and will advance, to Dr. Krauss and Mr. Hornig in connection
with the SEC Subpoenas, subject to AmTrust being entitled to reimbursement of the amounts advanced from 180 Life if the District Court
subsequently found no coverage for the Advancement Payments exists under the Policy in future proceedings.

2

WHEREAS,
AmTrust advanced a total of $2,569,206.51 to 180 Life under the Policy pursuant to the February 12, 2024 District Court Order.

WHEREAS,
AmTrust and 180 Life have reached a settlement to resolve the Coverage Action.

WHEREAS,
while the Parties to this Agreement agree and acknowledge that this Agreement shall not be construed as an admission by any Party of
any liability, coverage, or responsibility with regard to the Policy in relation to the 180 Life Claims at issue in the Coverage Action,
the Parties now wish to, and hereby do, resolve the disputes at issue between and among them with regard to the 180 Life Claims at issue
in the Coverage Action, subject to the terms and conditions outlined in detail below.

NOW,
THEREFORE, it is stipulated and agreed by and between the Parties, in consideration of the mutual promises exchanged herein and other
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, as follows:

1.
SETTLEMENT TERMS

A. The
Recitals are incorporated herein as if set forth fully herein.

B. Within
twenty (20) days from the Effective Date (defined below in Paragraph 18) of this Agreement, 180 Life shall pay to AmTrust
the total sum of $250,000.00 (the Settlement Sum). If the due date for payment of the Settlement Sum falls on a weekend
or a legal holiday, such payment shall be deemed to be due on the first business day thereafter.

C. Within
three (3) business days of the Effective Date, 180 Life shall deliver to AFSI a total of 509,707 shares (such shares, the Subject
Shares) of 180 Lifes common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock), with an agreed upon value
of $575,000.00 (the Subscription Amount), based on the 30 trading day Volume-Weighted Average Price of the Common Stock
on the Effective Date. The Subject Shares shall have standard anti-dilution protections in place, i.e., the Subject Shares shall
be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, and stock combinations.

D. Within
ten (10) days after delivery of both the Settlement Sum and the Subject Shares to AmTrust, the respective attorneys of record for both
AmTrust and 180 Life shall file a joint stipulated dismissal of the Coverage Action in its entirety with prejudice with the District
Court.

3

2.
RELEASE

A. In
exchange for the mutual promises in this Agreement, including the Settlement Terms referenced in Paragraph 1 of this Agreement, 180 Life
hereby RELEASES, ACQUITS, AND FOREVER DISCHARGES AmTrust, and its past, present, or future parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, divisions,
associated entities, partners, directors, officers, members, employees, owners, shareholders, principals, agents, brokers, counselors,
representatives, attorneys, insurers, reinsurers, and all persons acting by, through, under, or in concert with any of them, and including
their respective predecessors, successors, trustees, executors, administrators, heirs, and assigns (collectively the AmTrust Released
Parties) from all past, present, and future demands, claims, actions, causes of action, controversies, suits, liabilities, costs,
expenses, attorneys fees, losses, judgments, settlements, promises, duties, responsibilities, agreements, covenants, damages,
declaration of rights, monetary or non-monetary relief of whatever kind or nature, whether in law or in equity, known or unknown, oral
or written, now existing or hereafter arising, contractual or extra-contractual, under warranty or otherwise, that 180 Life once had,
now has, or may have in the future have against the AmTrust Released Parties under the Policy or any other policy issued by AmTrust to
KBL and/or 180 Life arising out of or in any way relating to the following: (a) the SEC Subpoenas; (b) the SEC Investigation; (c) the
180 Life Claims; (d) the Coverage Action; (e) the Agreement; (f) all damages, costs, and/or attorneys fees incurred or to be incurred
by 180 Life in connection with the SEC Subpoenas; the SEC Investigation; the 180 Life Claims; the Coverage Action; and/or the Agreement;
(g) any matter alleging, based upon, arising out of, directly or indirectly resulting from, attributable to, or in any way involving
any act, failure to act, omission, misrepresentation, statement, misstatement, fact, event, transaction, occurrence, or other subject
matter set forth, alleged, embraced, encompassed, or otherwise referred to in, underlying, or related to the SEC Subpoenas; the SEC Investigation;
the 180 Life Claims; the Coverage Action; and/or the Agreement; and (h) AmTrusts investigation and claims handling of the SEC
Subpoenas; the SEC Investigation; the 180 Life Claims; and/or the Coverage Action under the Policy, including without limitation all
claims of bad faith, all claims of unfair business or insurance practice under any state or federal statute, all common
law claims for bad faith insurance practices or breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and all claims for any
alleged failure to effectuate prompt, fair, and equitable settlements of claims (collectively, the Released Matters).

B. In
exchange for the mutual promises in this Agreement, AmTrust, on its own behalf and on behalf of its past, present, or future affiliates,
predecessors, successors, parents, subsidiaries, divisions, partnerships, and joint ventures, and all of the foregoing entities
respective past, present and future associates, representatives, owners, members, managers, estates, heirs, assigns, insurers, shareholders,
creditors, liquidators, administrators, executors, partners, principals, trustees, directors, officers, employees, committee members,
volunteers, attorneys, and agents hereby RELEASE, ACQUIT, AND FOREVER DISCHARGE 180 Life, and its past, present, or future affiliates,
predecessors, successors, parents, subsidiaries, divisions, partnerships, and joint ventures, and all of the foregoing persons and entities
respective past, present and future associates, representatives, owners, members, managers, estates, heirs, assigns, shareholders, creditors,
liquidators, administrators, executors, partners, principals, trustees, directors, officers, employees, committee members, volunteers,
attorneys, agents (collectively the 180 Life Released Parties) from all past, present, and future demands, claims, actions,
causes of action, controversies, suits, liabilities, costs, expenses, attorneys fees, losses, judgments, settlements, promises,
duties, responsibilities, agreements, covenants, damages, declaration of rights, monetary or non-monetary relief, of whatever kind or
nature, whether in law, equity, or otherwise, known or unknown, now existing or hereafter arising, arising out of or in any way relating
to the Released Matters.

4

C. The
Released Matters are and may be pleaded as a full and complete defense to, and are and may be used as the basis for an injunction against,
prosecution of any demands, claims, actions, causes of action, controversies, suits, liabilities, costs, expenses, attorneys fees,
losses, judgments, settlements, promises, duties, responsibilities, agreements, covenants, damages, declaration of rights, monetary or
non-monetary relief of whatever kind or nature that seeks recovery arising directly or indirectly out of, or in any way involving or
relating to, or based upon, or in connection with any of the Released Matters. The Released Matters do not preclude any Party from enforcing
the terms and conditions of the Agreement.

3.
GOOD FAITH AND COOPERATION 

Each
of the Parties agrees to cooperate in good faith to achieve the intent and spirit of this Agreement and to do all things appropriate
or necessary, including, but not limited to, executing any documents or taking any reasonable actions in a timely and expeditious manner,
in order to effectuate all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

4. WAIVER
OF RIGHTS

A. The
Parties expressly waive any and all rights they may have, under federal or state statute, contract, equity or otherwise, to assert unknown
or unsuspected claims related to the Released Matters, including, but not limited to, all rights and benefits which they now have or
may in the future have under the terms of Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California or under the statute or common law
of any other jurisdiction applicable hereto which has the same or similar effect as the provisions of said Section 1542, which reads
in full as follows:

A
GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING
THE RELEASE WHICH, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.

B. The
Parties acknowledge that they may have sustained damages, losses, fees, costs, or expenses that are presently unknown and unsuspected,
and that such damages, losses, fees, costs, or expenses they may have sustained might give rise to additional damages, losses, fees,
costs, or expenses in the future. Nevertheless, the Parties acknowledge that this Agreement has been negotiated and agreed upon in light
of such possible past, present, or future damages, losses, fees, costs, or expenses.

5. NO
ADMISSION OF LIABILITY

Nothing
in this Agreement shall be construed as an admission of liability, fault, or coverage, or the lack of coverage under the Policy or any
other policy of insurance issued or subscribed to by AmTrust. AmTrust does not concede or agree that any coverage is afforded for the
Released Matters.

5

6. LIMITATIONS
OF WAIVER

Waiver
of any one breach of a provision of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any breach of any other provision, or of this Agreement.

7. CONSTRUCTION

All
Parties have reviewed and revised, or have had the opportunity to revise, this Agreement. The Parties agree that any uncertainty or ambiguity
shall not be interpreted or construed against any Party under or by any rule of interpretation providing for interpretation against the
Party who caused an uncertainty to exist or against the draftsman, and that the Agreement shall be construed as if all Parties prepared
it jointly.

8. INTEGRATED
AGREEMENT 

This
Agreement constitutes the complete expression of the terms of the release between the Parties. All prior and contemporaneous agreements,
representations, and negotiations are hereby superseded. The Parties warrant and represent that no promise or representation of any kind
has been expressed or implied by the Parties released herein or by anyone acting for them, except as is expressly stated in this Agreement.
No amendment to or modification of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by duly-authorized representatives
of the Parties.

9. SETTLEMENT;
ARMS-LENGTH NEGOTIATIONS

A. This
Agreement represents a settlement of coverage issues and is the product of arms-length negotiations. The Parties have read this Agreement
carefully and completely, have had the advice and assistance of their own independent legal counsel, and agree that this Agreement is
executed solely in reliance on each Partys own judgment, beliefs, and knowledge, and not on any representations or statements
of fact or opinion made by any other Party or its agents.

B. The
Parties further agree that this Agreement has been negotiated and executed in good faith and without improper influence by any person.
The Parties have informed themselves of the terms of this Agreement and understand the same, and the Parties sign this Agreement as their
own free act.

10. NOTICE

All
notices and other communications related to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given (and shall be deemed to have been duly
given if so given) by hand delivery, facsimile, or email (with hard copy to be sent by overnight courier or by registered or certified
mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested) to the respective Parties hereto as follows:

A. If
to 180 Life:

David
M. Loev, Esq.

The
Loev Law Firm, PC

6300
West Loop South, Suite 280

Bellaire,
Texas 77401

dloev@loevlaw.com

6

B. If
to AmTrust and/or AFSI:

David
L. Koury, Esq.

BatesCarey
LLP

191
North Wacker, Suite 2400

Chicago,
IL 60606

dkoury@batescarey.com

Such
addresses may be changed from time to time by mailing appropriate notice thereof to all Parties hereto by overnight courier or by certified
or registered mail (return receipt requested).

11. CHOICE
OF LAW AND UNENFORCEABLE PARTS OF AGREEMENT 

This
agreement shall be interpreted and governed in accordance with the laws of the State of California. In the event that any provision of
this Agreement is held unenforceable or invalid, such holding shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions
of this Agreement or the Agreement as a whole, but instead, the Agreement shall be construed as if it did not contain the unenforceable
or invalid part.

12. COUNTERPARTS

This
Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which, when so executed and delivered, shall be deemed an original, and all
of which shall constitute one Agreement. Each signature may be delivered by facsimile, PDF, or by electronic mail, which shall be treated
as an original signature.

13. NO
THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS

This
Agreement is intended to confer rights and benefits on the Parties. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, no person or entity
other than the Parties shall have any rights under this Agreement. The Parties warrant and represent that they are the sole owners of
the respective rights and claims relinquished by this Agreement and that, prior to entering into this Agreement, the Parties have not
sold, transferred, or assigned any rights or obligations under the Policy.

7

14. NO
CUSTOM, PRACTICE, OR COURSE OF DEALING

Each
Party understands and agrees that the terms of this Agreement have been specifically negotiated and drafted with respect to the specific
matters dealt with herein, and that in doing so each Party has made compromises from the positions which it believes itself to be legally
entitled to assert, and no Party hereto shall be deemed to have established any custom, practice, or course of dealing which may be held
against that Party in the future by reason of that Partys acceptance of this Agreement or any of its terms.

15. AUTHORITY
OF SIGNATORIES

Each
Party and the person signing this agreement hereby warrant and represent that the person signing this Agreement is expressly authorized
and empowered by the Party on whose behalf the persons signature appears to bind that Party to each of the obligations set forth
herein.

16.
180 LIFES REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; REGISTRATION RIGHTS; INDEMNIFICATION

A. 180
Life represents and warrants to AmTrust that:

(i) 180
Life is unaware of any other Claims or potential Claims under the Policy other
than the Released Matters that have already been noticed to AmTrust under the Policy.

(ii) 180
Life has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly executed by 180
Life and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and
binding obligation of 180 Life, enforceable against 180 Life in accordance with its terms

(iii) 180
Life is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing, and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently
conducted.

(iv) The
execution, delivery and performance by 180 Life of this Agreement, the issuance and sale
of the Subject Shares and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of 180 Lifes
certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents,
or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of
time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any lien or other encumbrance
upon any of the properties or assets of 180 Life or any subsidiary of 180 Life, or give to
others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration
or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit
facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a 180 Life or a subsidiary of 180 Life debt
or otherwise) or other understanding to which 180 Life or any 180 Life subsidiary is a party
or by which any property or asset of 180 Life or any 180 Life subsidiary is bound or affected,
or (iii) conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule (including the rules of
The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq)), regulation, order, judgment, injunction,
decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which 180 Life or a
180 Life subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of 180 Life or a 180 Life subsidiary is bound or affected.

8

(v) 180
Life is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice
to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or
other governmental authority or other person or entity in connection with the execution,
delivery and performance by 180 Life of this Agreement, other than: (i) the filing with the
SEC of the Resale Registration Statement (as defined below), (ii) the notice and/or application(s)
to Nasdaq for the listing of the Subject Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner
required thereby, and (iii) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state
securities laws.

(vi) 180
Life is not required to obtain any approval of its stockholders of, or submit to a vote of
its stockholders for, the issuance of the Subject Shares or 180 Life entering into this Agreement
(including but not limited to, pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635).

(vii) The
Subject Shares are duly authorized and, when issued, will be duly and validly issued, fully
paid, and non-assessable, free and clear of all liens and other encumbrances.

(viii) As
of the Effective Date, trading in the Common Stock has not been suspended by the SEC or Nasdaq,
and 180 Life does not anticipate that trading in the Common Stock will be suspended by the
SEC or Nasdaq in the 12 months following the Effective Date.

(ix) 180
Life has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to
be filed by 180 Life under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to
Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the 2 years preceding the Effective Date (or such shorter
period as 180 Life was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing
materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein,
being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports), and, for the 1 year
preceding the Effective Date, has filed all such SEC Reports on a timely basis or has received
a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the
expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied
in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act,
as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of
a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading, subject to amendments thereto. The financial statements of 180
Life included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting
requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect at
the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United
States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the
periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial
statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain
all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial
position of 180 Life and its consolidated subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and
the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended. 180 Life has not disclosed
any material, non-public information (MNPI) to AmTrust or its agents or counsel.
180 Life has not entered into any definitive agreements for which the entry into or the existence
of such agreements constitute MNPI, except as disclosed in the SEC Reports as of the Effective
Date.

9

(x) 180
Life has not filed for, or otherwise been subject to, reorganization or liquidation under
the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction. 180 Life has no knowledge of any
facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation
under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction, or otherwise cause 180 Life
to be subject to reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganizations laws
of any jurisdiction, within 1 year from the Effective Date. All outstanding secured and unsecured
Indebtedness (as defined below) of 180 Life or any subsidiary, or for which 180 Life or any
subsidiary has commitments is set forth in the SEC Reports. For the purposes of this Agreement,
Indebtedness means (A) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed,
(B) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness
of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in 180 Lifes consolidated
balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments
for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business, and
(C) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $25,000 due under leases required
to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, neither
180 Life nor any subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

B. REGISTRATION
RIGHTS.

(i) 180
Life agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC within 45 days
of the Effective Date, a registration statement on Form S-1 (or, if available, Form S-3)
providing for the resale of the Subject Shares by AmTrust (the Resale Registration
Statement). 180 Life shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Resale
Registration Statement to become effective within 60 calendar days following the Effective
Date and to keep the Resale Registration Statement effective at all times (including filing
of additional Resale Registration Statements, if necessary) until the date that AmTrust no
longer holds any Subject Shares, provided, however, that if 180 Life is notified by
the SEC that the Resale Registration Statements will not be reviewed by the SEC then 180
Life shall cause such Registration Statement to be declared effective by SEC no later than
the 3rd business day following the date on which 180 Life is so notified if such date precedes
the dates otherwise required above. Notwithstanding the above, a Rule 144 legal opinion shall
be provided at 180 Lifes expense, at the request of AmTrust, if needed, to allow the
Subject Shares to be sold after six (6) months under Rule 144, to the extent available. In
addition to, 180 Life shall pay all of its costs, fees and expenses incident to the performance
of or compliance with, all matters relating to the Resale Registration Statement including
but not limited to its filing, registration, effectiveness, and any necessary updates, supplements,
or amendments. For the sake of clarity, 180 Life shall not be responsible for, and shall
not be required to pay for or reimburse AmTrust or its legal counsel for, any expenses incurred
or paid by such persons relating to the Resale Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained herein, in no event shall 180 Life be permitted to name AmTrust
or any affiliate of AmTrust as an underwriter without the prior written consent of AmTrust.

10

(ii) If
180 Life fails to (A) file the Resale Registration Statement within the time specified in
subsection (i), (B) cause such Registration Statement to become effective within 105 days
of the Effective Date, or (C) maintain the effectiveness of the Resale Registration Statement
as provided in subsection (i) (each, a Registration Statement Failure Event),
then, in addition to any other rights AmTrust may have hereunder or under applicable law,
on each such Registration Statement Failure Event and on each monthly anniversary of each
such Registration Statement Failure Event (if the applicable Registration Statement Failure
Event shall not have been cured by such date) until the applicable Registration Statement
Failure Event is cured, 180 Life shall pay to AmTrust an amount in cash, as liquidated damages
and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 3.0% multiplied by the aggregate Subscription
Amount paid by AmTrust pursuant to this Agreement with respect to Subject Shares held by
AmTrust and its affiliates on the date of the Registration Statement Failure Event or monthly
anniversary, as applicable. The parties agree that the maximum aggregate liquidated damages
payable under this Agreement pursuant to this Section 16.B.(ii) with respect to all Registration
Statement Failure Event shall be 33.0% of the Subscription Amount. The liquidated damages
described in this Section 16.B.(ii) shall be the sole damages payable to AmTrust due to the
occurrence of a Registration Statement Failure Event pursuant to this Section 16.B.(ii),
but shall not preclude any damages or other relief from 180 Lifes breach of any other
Section of this Agreement including Section 16.B.(i).

(iii) Not
less than 3 business days prior to the filing of the Resale Registration Statement and not
less than 2 business days prior to the filing of any related Prospectus or any amendment
or supplement thereto (including any document that would be incorporated or deemed to be
incorporated therein by reference), except for the final prospectus, which date shall be
1 business day prior to filing, 180 Life shall furnish to AmTrust copies of all such documents
proposed to be filed, which documents (other than those incorporated or deemed to be incorporated
by reference) will be subject to the review of AmTrust.

(iv) Upon
receipt of written notice from 180 Life that the Resale Registration Statement or Prospectus
contains a Misstatement (defined below) or that the Resale Registration Statement or Prospectus
can no longer be relied upon or used, AmTrust agrees to discontinue disposition of the Subject
Shares under the Registration Statement and Prospectus until it has received copies of a
supplemented or amended Prospectus correcting the Misstatement (it being understood that
180 Life hereby covenants to prepare and file such supplement or amendment as soon as practicable
after the time of such notice), or until it is advised in writing by 180 Life that the use
of the Prospectus may be resumed, provided, however, that such suspension shall be
for the shortest period of time possible for 180 Life to correct the Misstatement and in
no event may 180 Life suspend use of the Registration Statement or Prospectus for more than
15 days in any 12-month period. Misstatement shall mean an untrue statement
of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated in the Resale
Registration Statement or Prospectus, or necessary to make the statements in the Resale Registration
Statement or Prospectus (in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not
misleading.

(v) Within
3 business days of the earlier of the Resale Registration Statement being declared effective
by the SEC (the Legend Removal Deadline) or the Subject Shares being freely
tradeable pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, 180 Life shall cause the Subject
Shares Legend to be removed from all the Subject Shares and shall work with 180 Lifes
transfer agent to ensure the same. All costs related to the removal of the Subject Shares
Legend shall be paid by 180 Life.

11

(vi) 180
Life shall use its best efforts to avoid the issuance of, or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal
of (i) any order stopping or suspending the effectiveness of the Resale Registration Statement,
or (ii) any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the
Subject Shares for sale in any jurisdiction, at the earliest practicable moment. 180 Life
shall file any and all necessary blue sky filings to obtain registration or
exemption, as applicable, of the Subject Shares in all relevant jurisdictions at all times,
with all costs thereto related to be borne solely 180 Life.

C. 180
Life agrees to indemnify and hold harmless AmTrust in the event that any individual or entity who is not a Party to the Agreement objects
to and/or contests the Agreements terms and conditions, including with respect to 180 Lifes payment of the Settlement Sum
and/or 180 Lifes issuance of the Subject Shares to AmTrust.

17.
AMTRUSTS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

A. AmTrust
and/or AFSI, as identified below, confirms and acknowledges to 180 Life that:

(i) AmTrust
and AFSI have the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly executed by
AmTrust and AFSI, and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the valid and binding obligation of AmTrust and AFSI, enforceable against AmTrust and AFSI
in accordance with its terms.

(ii) AmTrust
and AFSI are entities duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing, and in
good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with
the requisite power and authority to own and use their properties and assets and to carry
on their business as currently conducted.

(iii) The
execution, delivery and performance by AmTrust and AFSI of this Agreement and the consummation
by them of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) conflict
with or violate any provision of AmTrusts and AFSIs certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with,
or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become
a default) under any agreement or understanding to which AmTrust and AFSI are a party, or
(iii) conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment,
injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which AmTrust
and AFSI are subject.

12

(iv) AFSI
will be acquiring the Subject Shares, for its own account, for investment purposes only and
not with a view to, or for sale in connection with, a distribution, as that term is used
in Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
in a manner which would require registration under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws, except pursuant to the Resale Registration Statement or as otherwise registered or
exempted from registration. AFSI can bear the economic risk of investment in the Subject
Shares, has knowledge and experience in financial business matters, is capable of managing
the risk of investment in the Subject Shares and is an accredited investor
as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act. AFSI recognizes that the Subject Shares
have not been registered under the Securities Act, nor under the securities laws of any state
and, therefore, cannot be resold unless the resale of the Subject Shares is registered under
the Securities Act or unless an exemption from registration is available. AFSI has carefully
considered and has, to the extent it believes such discussion necessary, discussed with its
professional, legal, tax and financial advisors, the suitability of an investment in the
Subject Shares for its particular tax and financial situation and its respective advisers,
if such advisors were deemed necessary, have determined that the Subject Shares are a suitable
investment for it. AFSI has not been offered the Subject Shares by any form of general solicitation
or advertising, including, but not limited to, advertisements, articles, notices or other
communications published in any newspaper, magazine, or other similar media or television
or radio broadcast or any seminar or meeting where, to AFSIs knowledge, those individuals
that have attended have been invited by any such or similar means of general solicitation
or advertising. AFSI has had an opportunity to ask questions of and receive satisfactory
answers from 180 Life, or persons acting on behalf of 180 Life, concerning the terms and
conditions of the Subject Shares and 180 Life, and all such questions have been answered
to the full satisfaction of AFSI. Neither 180 Life, nor any other party, has supplied AFSI
any information regarding the Subject Shares or an investment in the Subject Shares other
than as contained in this Agreement, and AFSI is relying on its own investigation and evaluation
of 180 Life and the Securities and not on any other information.

(v) AFSI
acknowledges that it is a sophisticated investor capable of assessing and assuming investment
risks with respect to securities, including securities such as the Subject Shares, and further
acknowledges that 180 Life is entering into this Agreement with AmTrust and AFSI in reliance
on this acknowledgment and with AmTrusts and AFSIs understanding, acknowledgment
and agreement that 180 Life may be privy to MNPI regarding 180 Life, which MNPI may be material
to a reasonable investor, such as AmTrust and AFSI, when making investment disposition decisions,
including the decision to enter into this Agreement, and AmTrusts and AFSIs
decision to enter into the Agreement is being made with full recognition and acknowledgment
that 180 Life may be privy to MNPI.

13

(vi) AFSI
understands and agrees that a legend (the Subject Shares Legend) has been or
will be placed on any certificate(s) or other document(s) evidencing the Subject Shares in
substantially the following form:

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED OR ANY STATE SECURITIES
ACT. THE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED UNLESS (I) THEY SHALL
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES ACT, OR (II) THE CORPORATION SHALL
HAVE BEEN FURNISHED WITH AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, SATISFACTORY TO COUNSEL FOR THE CORPORATION, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER
ANY SUCH ACTS.

(vii) AFSI
will be responsible for complying with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act and
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the
rules and regulations thereunder promulgated, including, without limitation, Regulation M,
as and if applicable to AFSI in connection with resales of the Subject Shares under the Resale
Registration Statement and prospectus included therein (the Prospectus). AFSI
agrees not to sell any of the Subject Shares pursuant to a Prospectus or Resale Registration
Statement unless they are sold in compliance with the plan of distribution set forth therein.
AFSI agrees to comply with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act and
Exchange Act in connection with the sale of the Subject Shares under the Prospectus and Resale
Registration Statement.

(viii) AFSI
agrees, if reasonably requested in writing, to represent to 180 Life the total number of
shares of common stock beneficially owned by AFSI, the person or persons with voting and
dispositive control over AFSI, and such other information as may be reasonably requested
by 180 Life or its counsel, in order for 180 Life to make required disclosures in the Resale
Registration Statement.

18. EFFECTIVE
DATE

This
Agreement shall be effective up execution of this Agreement by all Parties, which date shall be known as the Effective Date
of the Agreement.

14

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have signed this Agreement by their respective authorized officers, representatives, or counsel.

Dated: 4/4/2025 180 Life Sciences Corp.

By: /s/ Blair Jordan

Its: Chief Executive Officer

Dated: 4/5/2025 AmTrust International Underwriters DAC

By: /s/ Ariel Gorelik

Its: COO

AmTrust Financial Services, Inc.

Dated:
4/5/2025 By: /s/ Ariel Gorelik

Its: COO

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>atnf-20250406.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>atnf-20250406_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>atnf-20250406_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>atnf-20250406_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 06, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 06, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38105

Entity Registrant Name 180 LIFE SCIENCES CORP.

Entity Central Index Key 0001690080

Entity Tax Identification Number 90-1890354

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 3000 El Camino Real

Entity Address, Address Line Two Bldg. 4

Entity Address, Address Line Three Suite 200

Entity Address, City or Town Palo Alto

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94306

City Area Code 650

Local Phone Number 507-0669

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol ATNF

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock

Trading Symbol ATNFW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ATNF_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ATNF_WarrantsToPurchaseSharesOfCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://180lifesciences.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

atnf-20250406.xsd 
atnf-20250406_def.xml 
atnf-20250406_lab.xml 
atnf-20250406_pre.xml 
ea0237417-8k_180life.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-030101-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0237417-8k_180life_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001690080 

2025-04-06 
2025-04-06 

0001690080 

ATNF:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-04-06 
2025-04-06 

0001690080 

ATNF:WarrantsToPurchaseSharesOfCommonStockMember 

2025-04-06 
2025-04-06 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001690080 
8-K 
2025-04-06 
180 LIFE SCIENCES CORP. 
DE 
001-38105 
90-1890354 
3000 El Camino Real 
Bldg. 4 
Suite 200 
Palo Alto 
CA 
94306 
650 
507-0669 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
ATNF 
NASDAQ 
Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock 
ATNFW 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>