<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-023476.txt : 20250313
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-023476.hdr.sgml : 20250313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250313161921
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-023476
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		30
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250313
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mallinckrodt plc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001567892
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				981088325
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1227

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35803
		FILM NUMBER:		25736048

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		COLLEGE BUSINESS & TECHNOLOGY PARK
		STREET 2:		CRUISERATH, BLANCHARDSTOWN
		CITY:			DUBLIN 15
		STATE:			L2
		ZIP:			D15
		BUSINESS PHONE:		353 1 6960000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		COLLEGE BUSINESS & TECHNOLOGY PARK
		STREET 2:		CRUISERATH, BLANCHARDSTOWN
		CITY:			DUBLIN 15
		STATE:			L2
		ZIP:			D15
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm259102d3_8ka.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K/A
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000156789200015678922025-03-132025-03-13iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K/A

(Amendment No. 2)

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR15(d) 

of theSecurities Exchange
Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event
Reported): March 13, 2025

Mallinckrodt plc

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Ireland 001-35803 98-1088325

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer 

Identification No.)

College Business & Technology Park, Cruiserath,

Blanchardstown, Dublin15, Ireland

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: +3531696 0000

Not applicable

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

x Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

EXPLANATORY NOTE

As reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K (the
Original Form 8-K) filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission by Mallinckrodt plc (the Company
or Mallinckrodt), on March 13, 2025, Mallinckrodt, Endo, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Endo)
and Salvare Merger Sub LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Transaction
Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2025 (the Transaction Agreement). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this
Agreement have the meaning given to such terms in the Original Form 8-K. The Original Form 8-K was amended by Amendment No. 1 on Form
8-K/A, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 13, 2025.

This Current Report on Form 8-K/A (this
Amendment) further amends and supplements the Original Form 8-K in order to (i) file the form of Voting
Agreement entered into by the Company and Endo with certain of Endos shareholders in connection with the Transaction Agreement
as Exhibit 99.1 hereto, and (ii) furnish a revised Investor Presentation as Exhibit 99.2 hereto, which replaces and supersedes Exhibit
99.2 to the Original 8-K.

This Amendment should be read
in connection with the Original Form 8-K and Amendment No.1, which provide a more complete description of the Transaction Agreement.

Item 1.01. Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement.

The form of Voting Agreement is filed as Exhibit
99.1 to this Amendment, and the description in the Original Form 8-K is qualified in its entirety by reference to such Exhibit 99.1.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On March 13, 2025, the Company made available an
investor presentation regarding the proposed transaction. A copy of the investor presentation is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated
herein by reference.

The information contained in Item 7.01 of this
report, including Exhibit 99.2 shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. The information contained in Item 7.01 of this report, including
Exhibit 99.2, shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing of the registrant, whether made before, on, or after the date hereof,
regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, unless expressly incorporated by specific reference to such filing.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number Description

99.1 Form of Voting Agreement, by and among, the Company, Endo and Endos shareholders party thereto (filed under Item 1.01).

99.2 Investor Presentation, dated March 13, 2025 (furnished under Item 7.01).

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

2

Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

Statements
in this Current Report on Form 8-K that are not strictly historical (including, among other things, statements regarding the proposed
business combination transaction between Mallinckrodt and Endo, Mallinckrodt and Endos plans to combine their generics pharmaceuticals
businesses and Endos sterile injectables business after the close of the proposed business combination and separate that
business from the combined company at a later date, the anticipated benefits of the proposed transactions, the anticipated impact of the
proposed transactions on the combined companys business and future financial and operating results, the expected amount and timing
of synergies from the proposed transactions, the anticipated closing date for the proposed business combination transaction and any other
statements regarding events or developments Mallinckrodt and Endo believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future) may be forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and involve a number of risks and uncertainties.

There are a number of important factors that could cause actual events
to differ materially from those suggested or indicated by such forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on any
such forward-looking statements. These factors include risks and uncertainties related to, among other things:

(i) transaction-related risks, including the parties
ability to successfully integrate our business and Endos business and unanticipated costs of such integration, which may result
in the combined company not operating as effectively and efficiently as expected; uncertainties related to a future separation of the
combined generics pharmaceuticals businesses of Mallinckrodt and Endo and Endos sterile injectables business; the risk that the
expected benefits and synergies of the proposed transactions may not be fully realized in a timely manner, or at all; the risk associated
with Mallinckrodts and Endos ability to obtain the approval of their shareholders and stockholders, respectively, required
to consummate the proposed business combination transaction; uncertainty regarding the timing of the closing of the proposed business
combination transaction; the risk that the conditions to the proposed business combination transaction may not be satisfied (or waived
to the extent permitted by law) on a timely basis or at all or the failure of the proposed business combination transaction to close for
any other reason or to close on the anticipated terms, including the intended tax treatment; the risk that any regulatory approval, consent
or authorization that may be required for the proposed business combination transaction may not be obtained or may be obtained subject
to conditions that are not anticipated; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination
of the proposed business combination transaction; unanticipated difficulties, liabilities or expenditures relating to the proposed transactions;
the effect of the announcement, pendency or completion of the proposed transactions on the parties business relationships and business
operations generally; certain restrictions on the ability of Mallinckrodt and Endo to pursue certain business activities or strategic
transactions during the pendency of the proposed business combination transaction; the effect of the announcement, pendency or completion
of the proposed transactions on the long-term value of Mallinckrodts ordinary shares and Endos common stock; risks that
the proposed transactions may disrupt current plans and operations of Mallinckrodt and Endo and their respective management teams and
potential difficulties in hiring, retaining and motivating employees as a result of the proposed transactions; risks related to our increased
indebtedness as a result of the proposed business combination transaction; significant transaction costs related to the proposed business
combination transaction; potential litigation relating to the proposed transactions that could be instituted against Mallinckrodt, Endo
or their respective officers or directors; rating agency actions and Mallinckrodts and Endos ability to access short- and
long-term debt markets on a timely and affordable basis; and risks related to the financing in connection with the transaction;

3

(ii) risks related to Mallinckrodts business, including
potential changes in Mallinckrodts business strategy and performance; Mallinckrodts initiative to explore a variety of potential
divestiture, financing and other transactional opportunities; the exercise of contingent value rights by the Opioid Master Disbursement
Trust II (the Trust); governmental investigations and inquiries, regulatory actions, and lawsuits, in each case related
to Mallinckrodt or its officers; Mallinckrodts contractual and court-ordered compliance obligations that, if violated, could result
in penalties; compliance with and restrictions under the global settlement to resolve all opioid-related claims; matters related to Acthar
Gel, including the settlement with governmental parties to resolve certain disputes and compliance with and restrictions under the related
corporate integrity agreement; the ability to maintain relationships with Mallinckrodts suppliers, customers, employees and other
third parties following the emergence from the 2023 bankruptcy proceedings; scrutiny from governments, legislative bodies and enforcement
agencies related to sales, marketing and pricing practices; pricing pressure on certain of Mallinckrodts products due to legal
changes or changes in insurers or other payers reimbursement practices resulting from recent increased public scrutiny of
healthcare and pharmaceutical costs; the reimbursement practices of governmental health administration authorities, private health coverage
insurers and other third-party payers; complex reporting and payment obligations under the Medicare and Medicaid rebate programs and other
governmental purchasing and rebate programs; cost containment efforts of customers, purchasing groups, third-party payers and governmental
organizations; changes in or failure to comply with relevant laws and regulations; any undesirable side effects caused by Mallinckrodts
approved and investigational products, which could limit their commercial profile or result in other negative consequences; Mallinckrodts
and its partners ability to successfully develop, commercialize or launch new products or expand commercial opportunities of existing
products, including Acthar Gel (repository corticotropin injection) SelfJect and the INOmax Evolve DS delivery system; Mallinckrodts
ability to successfully identify or discover additional products or product candidates; Mallinckrodts ability to navigate price
fluctuations and pressures, including the ability to achieve anticipated benefits of price increases of its products; competition; Mallinckrodts
ability to protect intellectual property rights, including in relation to ongoing and future litigation; limited clinical trial data for
Acthar Gel; the timing, expense and uncertainty associated with clinical studies and related regulatory processes; product liability losses
and other litigation liability; material health, safety and environmental laws and related liabilities; business development activities
or other strategic transactions; attraction and retention of key personnel; the effectiveness of information technology infrastructure,
including risks of external attacks or failures; customer concentration; Mallinckrodts reliance on certain individual products
that are material to its financial performance; Mallinckrodts ability to receive sufficient procurement and production quotas granted
by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration; complex manufacturing processes; reliance on third-party manufacturers and supply chain
providers and related market disruptions; conducting business internationally; Mallinckrodts significant levels of intangible assets
and related impairment testing; natural disasters or other catastrophic events; Mallinckrodts substantial indebtedness and settlement
obligation, its ability to generate sufficient cash to reduce its indebtedness and its potential need and ability to incur further indebtedness;
restrictions contained in the agreements governing Mallinckrodts indebtedness and settlement obligation on Mallinckrodts
operations, future financings and use of proceeds; Mallinckrodts variable rate indebtedness; Mallinckrodts tax treatment
by the Internal Revenue Service under Section 7874 and Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; future
changes to applicable tax laws or the impact of disputes with governmental tax authorities; the impact of Irish laws; the impact on the
holders of Mallinckrodts ordinary shares if Mallinckrodt were to cease to be a reporting company in the United States; the comparability
of Mallinckrodts post-emergence financial results and the projections filed with the Bankruptcy Court; and the lack of comparability
of Mallinckrodts historical financial statements and information contained in its financial statements after the adoption of fresh-start
accounting following emergence from the 2023 bankruptcy proceedings; and

4

(iii) risks related to Endos business, including future
capital expenditures, expenses, revenues, economic performance, financial conditions, market growth and future prospects; Endo changes
in competitive, market or regulatory conditions; changes in legislation or regulations; global political changes, including those related
to the new U.S. presidential administration; Endos use of artificial intelligence and data science; the ability to obtain and maintain
adequate protection for intellectual property rights; the impacts of competition such as those related to XIAFLEX; the
timing and uncertainty of the results of both the research and development and regulatory processes; health care and cost containment
reforms, including government pricing, tax and reimbursement policies; litigation; the performance including the approval, introduction
and consumer and physician acceptance of current and new products; the performance of third parties upon whom Endo relies for goods and
services; issues associated with Endos supply chain; Endos ability to develop and expand its product pipeline and to launch
new products and to continue to develop the market for XIAFLEX and other branded, sterile injectable or generic products;
the effectiveness of advertising and other promotional campaigns; and the timely and successful implementation of business development
opportunities and/or any other strategic priorities.

The registration statement on Form S-4 and proxy statement/prospectus
that will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) will describe additional risks in connection with
the proposed transaction. While the list of factors presented here is, and the list of factors to be presented in the registration statement
on Form S-4 and proxy statement/prospectus are, considered representative, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement
of all potential risks and uncertainties. For additional information about other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to Mallinckrodts most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and
subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and other filings with the SEC, which are available from the SECs website
(www.sec.gov) and Mallinckrodts website (www.mallinckrodt.com) and Endos most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the SEC, which are available from the SECs website (www.sec.gov)
and Endos website (www.endo.com). There may be other risks and uncertainties that we are unable to predict at this time or that
we currently do not expect to have a material adverse effect on our business.

The forward-looking statements made herein speak only as of the date
hereof and Mallinckrodt and Endo do not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of
new information, future events and developments or otherwise, except as required by law. Given these uncertainties, one should not put
undue reliance on any forward-looking statements.

No Offer or Solicitation

This communication is not intended to and
shall not constitute an offer to buy or sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any securities, or a solicitation of any vote
or approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful
prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made, except
by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

5

Additional Information about the Combination and Where to Find It

In
connection with the proposed transaction, Mallinckrodt intends to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
a registration statement on Form S-4 that will include a joint proxy statement of Mallinckrodt and Endo and that also constitutes a prospectus
of Mallinckrodt ordinary shares. Each of Mallinckrodt and Endo may also file other relevant documents with the SEC regarding the proposed
transaction. This document is not a substitute for the joint proxy statement/prospectus or registration statement or any other document
that Mallinckrodt or Endo may file with the SEC. The definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus (if and when available) will be mailed
to shareholders of Mallinckrodt and Endo. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS,
AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS THAT MAY BE FILED WITH THE SEC, AS WELL AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THESE DOCUMENTS, CAREFULLY
AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY IF AND WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE, BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN OR WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED
TRANSACTION. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the registration statement and joint proxy statement/prospectus
(if and when available) and other documents containing important information about Mallinckrodt, Endo, and the proposed transaction, once
such documents are filed with the SEC through the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of the documents filed with
the SEC by Mallinckrodt will be available free of charge on Mallinckrodts website at https://ir.mallinckrodt.com. Copies of the
documents filed with the SEC by Endo will be available free of charge on Endos website at https://investor.endo.com.

Participants in the Solicitation of Proxies 

Mallinckrodt, Endo, and certain of their respective directors, executive
officers, and other members of management and employees may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of
the proposed transaction. Information about the directors and executive officers of Mallinckrodt, including a description of their direct
or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, is set forth in (i) Mallinckrodts proxy statement for its 2024 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 15, 2024 (and which is available at https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1567892/000110465924046964/tm242936-1_def14a.htm),
including under the headings Corporate Governance, Our Director Nominees, Board of Directors and Board
Committees, Compensation of Non-Employee Directors, Executive Officers Compensation of Executive
Officers, Pay Versus Performance, Security Ownership and Reporting, Equity Compensation Plan
Information and Proposals 1(A) Through 1(E): Election of Directors, (ii) Mallinckrodts Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2023, which was filed with the SEC on March 26, 2024 (and which is available at https://www.sec.gov/ix?doc=/Archives/edgar/data/1567892/000156789224000008/mnk-20231229.htm),
including under the headings Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance, Item 11. Executive
Compensation, Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters,
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence, and (iii) to the extent holdings of Mallinckrodts
securities by its directors or executive officers have changed since the amounts set forth in Mallinckrodts proxy statement for
its 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, such changes have been or will be reflected on Initial Statement of Beneficial Ownership of Securities
on Form 3, Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership on Form 4, or Annual Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership on Form 5 filed
with the SEC, which are available at EDGAR Search Results (https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar?action=getcompany&CIK=0001567892&type=&dateb=&owner=only&count=40&search_text=).

6

Information about the directors and executive officers of Endo, including
a description of their direct or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, is set forth in (i) Endos registration
statement on Form S-1, which was filed with the SEC on July 31, 2024 (and which is available at https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/2008861/000119312524185328/d15705ds1a.htm),
including under the headings Management, Executive and Director Compensation of Endo International plc, Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Principal and Registering Stockholders and (ii) to the extent holdings
of Endos securities by its directors or executive officers have changed since the amounts set forth in Endos S-1 registration
statement, such changes have been or will be reflected on Initial Statement of Beneficial Ownership of Securities on Form 3, Statement
of Changes in Beneficial Ownership on Form 4, or Annual Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership on Form 5 filed with the SEC, which
are available at EDGAR Search Results (https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar?action=getcompany&CIK=0002008861&type=&dateb=&owner=only&count=40&search_text=).
Other information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitations and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security
holdings or otherwise, will be contained in the definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus and will be contained in other relevant materials
to be filed with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction when such materials become available. Investors should read these materials
carefully before making any voting or investment decisions. You may obtain free copies of these documents from Mallinckrodt or Endo using
the sources indicated above.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

To supplement the financial measures prepared in accordance with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), this press release includes certain financial information of the combined company in
this release that are not prescribed by or prepared in accordance with GAAP. We utilize these non-GAAP financial measures as supplements
to financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP when evaluating operating performance and we believe that these measures will
be used by certain investors to evaluate operating results. We believe that presenting these non-GAAP financial measures provides useful
information about performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding certain items, which may be favorable or unfavorable.

Despite the importance of these measures to management in goal setting
and performance measurement, these are non-GAAP financial measures that have no standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and, therefore,
have limits in their usefulness to investors. Because of the non-standardized definitions, non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA (unlike GAAP net income
and its components) may differ from, and may not be comparable to, the calculation of similar measures of other companies. These non-GAAP
financial measures are presented solely to permit investors to more fully understand how management assesses performance.

These non-GAAP financial measures should not be viewed in isolation
or as substitutes for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. We are not providing reconciliations of
projected non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures, nor are we providing comparable projected GAAP financial measures for
such projected non-GAAP financial measures. We are unable to provide such reconciliations without unreasonable efforts due to the inherent
difficulty in forecasting and quantifying certain amounts that are necessary for such reconciliations, including adjustments that could
be made for asset impairments, contingent consideration adjustments, legal settlements, gain / loss on extinguishment of debt, adjustments
to inventory and other charges reflected in the reconciliation of historic numbers, the amounts of which could be significant.

7

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly
authorized.

MALLINCKRODT PLC

Date: March 13, 2025 By: /s/ Mark Tyndall

Name: Mark Tyndall 

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer & Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm259102d3_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

FORM OF
VOTING AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT

This
Voting and Support Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of March 13, 2025 (the Agreement
Date), by and among (i) Mallinckrodt plc, a public limited company incorporated in Ireland (hereinafter called
Macaw), (ii) Endo, Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called Eagle),
and (iii) [ ], a shareholder of Eagle (the Shareholder1).
Each of Macaw, Eagle and the Shareholder is sometimes referred to as a Party and collectively as the Parties.

RECITALS

A. Concurrently
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, Macaw, Eagle and Salvare Merger Sub LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and direct
wholly owned subsidiary of Macaw (Merger Sub), are entering into a Transaction Agreement (as it may be amended, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time, the Transaction Agreement).

B. The
Transaction Agreement provides for, among other things, Eagle submitting the adoption of the Transaction Agreement and the Eagle Distributable
Reserves Resolution for consideration by Eagle Shareholders at the Eagle Special Meeting (such resolutions, the Eagle Resolutions).

C. As
of the Agreement Date, except as set forth on Schedule A hereto, the Shareholder is the record and/or beneficial
owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of [ ] Eagle Shares, such Eagle Shares being all of
the Eagle Shares owned of record or beneficially by the Shareholder as of the Agreement Date (the Owned Shares, and
the Owned Shares together with any additional Eagle Shares that the Shareholder may acquire the record and/or beneficial ownership of
after the Agreement Date, however so acquired (including pursuant to a stock split, reverse stock split, share swap, stock dividend or
distribution or any change in the Eagle Shares by reason of any recapitalization, reorganization, combination, reclassification, exchange
of shares, similar transaction or otherwise), together, the Covered Shares).

D. As
an inducement to the willingness of Macaw and Eagle to enter into the Transaction Agreement, Macaw and Eagle have required that the Shareholder
enter into this Agreement with respect to the Covered Shares, and the Shareholder desires to enter into this Agreement to induce Macaw
and Eagle to enter into the Transaction Agreement.

1NTD: Reference to Shareholder to
be revised to Shareholders if multiple affiliated shareholders sign same voting agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing and the respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth below and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, do hereby
agree as follows:

1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Transaction Agreement.
When used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings assigned to them in this Section 1.

1.1. Expiration
Time shall mean the earliest to occur of (a) the Merger Effective Time, (b) receipt of the Eagle Shareholder Approval,
(c) an Eagle Change of Recommendation solely as set forth in Section 5.3(d)(ii) of the Transaction Agreement in response
to an Eagle Superior Proposal in compliance with the terms and conditions of the Transaction Agreement, (d) any amendment, modification
or waiver of the Transaction Agreement that either (i) changes the amount of consideration payable to Shareholder in an adverse manner
or (ii) is otherwise material and adverse to Shareholder and (e) such date and time as the Transaction Agreement shall be validly
terminated pursuant to Section 9 thereof.

1.2. Transfer
shall mean (a) any direct or indirect offer, sale, assignment, encumbrance, pledge, hypothecation, disposition, or other transfer
(by operation of Law or otherwise), either voluntary or involuntary of any Covered Shares or any interest in any Covered Shares (in each
case other than this Agreement), (b) the deposit of such Covered Shares into a voting trust, the entry into a voting agreement or
arrangement (other than this Agreement) with respect to such Covered Shares or the grant of any proxy or power of attorney (other than
this Agreement) with respect to such Covered Shares, or (c) any Contract or commitment (whether or not in writing) to take any of
the actions referred to in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b) above, unless the consummation of the offer, sale, assignment, encumbrance,
pledge, hypothecation, disposition, deposit or other transfer contemplated by such Contract or commitment is expressly conditioned on
the execution of a written agreement, reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Macaw and Eagle, by the transferee to be bound
by all of the terms of this Agreement and conditioned upon the consummation of such transfer.

2. Agreement
to Not Transfer the Covered Shares; No Inconsistent Arrangements.

2.1. No
Transfer of Covered Shares. Until the Expiration Time, the Shareholder agrees not to Transfer (or cause or permit the Transfer of)
any Covered Shares, other than with the prior written consent of Macaw and Eagle or in compliance with Section 3 of this Agreement.
Any Transfer or attempted Transfer of any Covered Shares in violation of this Section 2.1 shall be ab initio null
and void and of no effect whatsoever. If any involuntary Transfer of any Covered Shares shall occur prior to the Expiration Time, the
transferee (which term, as used herein, shall include any and all transferees and subsequent transferees of the initial transferee) shall,
subject to applicable Law, take and hold such Covered Shares subject to all of the restrictions, obligations, liabilities and rights under
this Agreement, which shall continue in full force and effect until the Expiration Time.

2.2. No
Inconsistent Arrangements. The Shareholder hereby agrees that, from and after the date hereof and until the Expiration Time, the Shareholder
shall not, directly or indirectly, knowingly take any action that would have the effect of preventing, materially delaying or materially
impairing such Shareholder from performing any of its obligations under this Agreement or that would prevent, materially delay or materially
impair the consummation of the Merger, the Scheme, the Macaw Articles Amendment or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Agreement or the performance by Macaw or Eagle of their obligations under the Transaction Agreement.

2

3. Permitted
Transfers. Section 2.1 above shall not prohibit the Transfer of Covered Shares by the Shareholder to a transferee who
prior to the date of such Transfer, enters into a written agreement, reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Macaw and Eagle,
to be bound by all of the terms of this Agreement.

4. Agreement
to Vote the Covered Shares.

4.1. Voting
Agreement. Until the Expiration Time, at every meeting of Eagles shareholders at which any of the following matters are to
be voted on (and at every adjournment or postponement thereof), and on any action or approval of Eagles shareholders by written
consent with respect to any of the following matters, the Shareholder shall vote (including via proxy) all of such Shareholders
Covered Shares (or cause the holder of record on any applicable record date to vote (including via proxy) all of such Shareholders
Covered Shares) (a) in favor of the approval of the Eagle Resolutions, and (b) against any Eagle Competing Proposal (clauses
(a) and (b), the Covered Proposals). Notwithstanding any recommendation (including any change thereof) or any
other action or inaction of the Board of Directors of Eagle with respect to a Covered Proposal, the Shareholder shall vote all of the
Shareholders Covered Shares in favor of any Covered Proposals of the type described in clause (a) of the definition of Covered
Proposals and in opposition to any Covered Proposals of the type described in clause (b) of the definition of Covered Proposals.

4.2. Quorum.
Until the Expiration Time, at every meeting of Eagles shareholders (and at every adjournment or postponement thereof), the Shareholder
shall be represented in person or by proxy at such meeting (or cause the holders of record on any applicable record date to be represented
in person or by proxy at such meeting) in order for the Covered Shares to be counted as present for purposes of establishing a quorum.

5. Waiver
of Certain Actions. The Shareholder hereby agrees not to commence or participate in, and to take all actions necessary to opt out
of, any class action with respect to, any claim, derivative or otherwise, against Macaw, Eagle, any of their respective Affiliates or
successors or any of their respective directors, managers or officers (as applicable), (a) challenging the validity of, or seeking
to enjoin or delay the operation of, any provision of this Agreement or the Transaction Agreement (including any claim seeking to enjoin
or delay the closing of the Merger, the completion of the Scheme or the consummation of the Macaw Articles Amendment), or (b) alleging
a breach of any duty of the Board of Directors of Eagle in connection with the Transaction Agreement, this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated thereby or hereby.

6. Representations
and Warranties of the Shareholder. The Shareholder hereby represents and warrants to Macaw and Eagle, with respect to the Shareholder
and the Shareholders ownership of the Covered Shares, that:

6.1. Due
Authority. The Shareholder has the full power, authority and capacity to make, enter into and carry out the terms of this Agreement.
The Shareholder is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing in accordance with the Laws of its jurisdiction of formation,
as applicable and the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance of the Shareholders obligations hereunder, and
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been validly authorized, and no other consents or authorizations are required
to give effect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed
and delivered by the Shareholder and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by Macaw and Eagle, constitutes a valid and
binding obligation of the Shareholder enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except that (a) such enforcement may be
subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, examinership, reorganization, moratorium or other similar Laws, now or hereafter in effect,
relating to creditors rights generally, and (b) equitable remedies of specific performance and injunctive and other forms
of equitable relief may be subject to equitable defenses and to the discretion of the applicable court before which any proceeding therefor
may be brought.

3

6.2. Ownership
of the Covered Shares. Except as set for on Schedule A hereto: (a) the Shareholder is, as of the Agreement Date,
the beneficial and record owner of the Shareholders Covered Shares, free and clear of any and all Liens, claims, proxies, voting
trusts or agreements, options, rights, understandings or arrangements or any other encumbrances or restrictions whatsoever on title, transfer,
voting or exercise of any rights of a shareholder in respect of such Covered Shares other than those (i) created by this Agreement,
or (ii) arising under applicable securities Laws, and (b) the Shareholder has sole voting power over all of the Covered Shares
beneficially owned by the Shareholder. The Shareholder has not entered into any agreement to Transfer any Covered Shares. As of the Agreement
Date, such Shareholder does not own, beneficially or of record, any Eagle Shares (or any securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable
for, or rights to purchase or acquire, any Eagle Shares) other than the Owned Shares.

6.3. No
Conflict; Consents.

a. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Shareholder does not, and the performance by the Shareholder of its obligations under
this Agreement and the compliance by the Shareholder with any provisions hereof does not and will not: (a) conflict with or violate
any Laws applicable to the Shareholder, (b) violate its organizational documents, or (c) result in any breach of or constitute
a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination,
amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a Lien on any of the Covered Shares pursuant to any Contract
or obligation to which the Shareholder is a party or by which the Shareholder is subject.

b. No
consent, approval, order, authorization or permit of, or registration, declaration or, except as required by the rules and regulations
promulgated under the Exchange Act, filing with, any Governmental Entity or any other Person, is required by or with respect to such Shareholder
in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby.

6.4. Absence
of Litigation. As of the Agreement Date, there is no legal action pending against, or, to the knowledge of the Shareholder, threatened
against or affecting the Shareholder that would reasonably be expected to impair the ability of the Shareholder to perform its obligations
hereunder, that questions the validity of this Agreement or any action taken or to be taken by the Shareholder in connection with this
Agreement, or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby on a timely basis.

4

6.5. No
Other Arrangements. Other than this Agreement, the Shareholder does not have any agreements, arrangements or understandings of any
kind with Macaw, Eagle, Merger Sub or any other Person (a) with respect to the Transfer or voting of the Covered Shares or the transactions
contemplated hereby, or (b) that would conflict with, restrict, limit, violate or interfere with the performance of any Shareholders
covenants and obligations hereunder.

7. Miscellaneous.

7.1. Other
Agreements. Each Shareholder further agrees that, from and after the date hereof until the Expiration Time, such Shareholder will
not, and will not permit any entity under such Shareholders control to (and shall procure that any such entity does not), (A) solicit
proxies or become a participant in a solicitation (as such terms are defined in Rule 14A under the Exchange
Act) in opposition to any Covered Proposal of the type described in clause (a) of the definition of the Covered Proposal and in support
of any Covered Proposal of the type described in clause (b) of the definition of the Covered Proposal, (B) initiate a shareholders
vote with respect to a Eagle Competing Proposal, or (C) become a member of a group (as such term is used in Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act) with respect to any voting securities of Eagle with respect to a Eagle Competing Proposal.

7.2. No
Ownership Interest. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to vest in Macaw or Eagle any direct or indirect ownership
or incidence of ownership of or with respect to the Covered Shares. All rights, ownership and economic benefits of and relating to the
Covered Shares shall remain vested in and belong to the Shareholder, and Macaw and Eagle shall have no authority to direct the Shareholder
in the voting or disposition of any of the Covered Shares, except as otherwise provided herein.

7.3. Certain
Adjustments. In the event of a stock split, stock dividend or distribution, or any change in the Eagle Shares by reason of any split-up,
reverse stock split, recapitalization, combination, reclassification, exchange of shares or the like, the terms Eagle Shares
and Covered Shares shall be deemed to refer to and include such shares as well as all such stock dividends and distributions
and any securities into which or for which any or all of such shares may be changed or exchanged or which are received in such transaction.

7.4. Amendments
and Modifications; Waivers.

a. This
Agreement may be modified, amended, altered or supplemented, if and only if, such modification or amendment is in writing and signed by
each of Macaw, Eagle and the Shareholder.

b. No
delay or omission by either Party to this Agreement in exercising any right, power or remedy provided by Law or under this Agreement shall
affect that right, power or remedy or operate as a waiver of it. The exercise or partial exercise of any right, power or remedy provided
by Law or under this Agreement shall not preclude any other or further exercise of it or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy.

5

7.5. Expenses.
All costs and expenses incurred by any Party in connection with this Agreement, the performance of its obligations hereunder and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby (including attorneys and accountants fees and expenses) shall be paid by the Party
incurring such cost or expense.

7.6. Notices.
Any notice or other document or communication to be served under this Agreement may be delivered by nationally recognized overnight delivery
service (with notice deemed given upon receipt of proof of delivery) or hand delivery (with notice deemed given upon receipt), or by email
(with notice deemed given upon confirmation of receipt) to the Party to be served as follows:

(i) if to Macaw, to:

Mallinckrodt plc

College Business & Technology Park

Cruiserath, Blanchardstown

Dublin 15, Ireland

Attention: Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer

Email: [***]

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz

51 West 52nd Street

New York, New York 10019

Attention: Adam O. Emmerich

Victor Goldfeld

Viktor Sapezhnikov

Email: AOEmmerich@wlrk.com

VGoldfeld@wlrk.com

VSapezhnikov@wlrk.com

and

Arthur Cox LLP

Ten Earlsfort Terrace

Dublin 2, Ireland

Attention: Stephen Ranalow

Email: stephen.ranalow@arthurcox.com

(ii) if to Eagle, to:

Endo Inc.

9 Great Valley Parkway

Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355

Attention: Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

Email: [***]

6

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP

450 Lexington Avenue

New York, New York 10017

Attention: Michael Kaplan

Michael Davis

E-mail: michael.kaplan@davispolk.com

michael.davis@davispolk.com

(iii) if to the Shareholder, to:

[ ]

or such other postal address or fax number as
it may have notified to the other Parties in writing in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7.6.

7.7. Governing
Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.

a. This
Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to conflicts
of laws principles that would result in the application of the Law of any other state or jurisdiction.

b. Each
of the Parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court
of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or, if (and only if) such court finds it lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Federal court of
the United States of America sitting in Delaware, and appellate courts thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment relating thereto,
and each of the Parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agrees not to commence any such action or proceeding except in
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or, if (and only if) such court finds it lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Federal
court of the United States of America sitting in Delaware, and appellate courts thereof, (ii) agrees that any claim in respect of
any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or, if (and only if) such
court finds it lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Federal court of the United States of America sitting in Delaware, and appellate
courts thereof, (iii) waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection that it may now or hereafter
have to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in such courts and (iv) waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Law,
the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in such courts. Each of the Parties hereto agrees
that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment
or in any other manner provided by Law. Each Party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process inside or outside the
territorial jurisdiction of the courts referred to in this Section 7.7 in the manner provided for notices in Section 7.6.

c. EACH
PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY
OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY OF THE AGREEMENTS DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES
AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (I) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH
OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE EITHER OF SUCH WAIVERS, (II) IT UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED
THE IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVERS, (III) IT MAKES SUCH WAIVERS VOLUNTARILY, AND (IV) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT
BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 7.7.

7

7.8. Documentation
and Information. A Shareholder shall not make any public announcement regarding this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby
without the prior written consent of both Eagle and Macaw (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), except
as may be required by applicable Law (provided that to the extent legal permissible, advanced reasonable notice of any such disclosure
will be provided to Eagle and Macaw before the publication of such disclosure, and the Shareholder will consider in good faith the reasonable
comments of Eagle and Macaw with respect to such disclosure and otherwise cooperate with Eagle and Macaw in obtaining confidential treatment
with respect to such disclosure). The Shareholder consents to and authorizes the publication and disclosure by Macaw and Eagle of such
Shareholders identity and holding of the Covered Shares, and the terms of this Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt,
the disclosure of this Agreement), in any press release, the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus, the Registration Statement and any other
disclosure document required in connection with the Transaction Agreement, the Macaw Articles Amendment, the Merger, the other transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Agreement and as may otherwise be required by applicable Law, and the Shareholder acknowledges that Macaw
and Eagle may, in their sole discretion, file this Agreement or a form hereof with the SEC or any other Governmental Entity or securities
exchange. The Shareholder agrees to promptly give Eagle and Macaw any information it may reasonably require for the preparation of any
such disclosure documents, and such Shareholder agrees to promptly notify Eagle and Macaw of any required corrections with respect to
any information supplied by such Shareholder specifically for use in any such disclosure document, if and to the extent that any such
information shall have become false or misleading in any material respect.

7.9. Further
Assurances. Each Shareholder agrees, from time to time, at the reasonable request of Macaw and Eagle and without further consideration,
to execute and deliver such additional documents and take all such further action as may be reasonably required to consummate and make
effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and to otherwise carry out the
intent of the Parties under this Agreement.

7.10. Inadequacy
of Damages. Each Party agrees that damages would not be an adequate remedy for any breach by it of this Agreement and accordingly
each Party shall be entitled, prior to the valid termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.17, without proof of
special damages or otherwise or posting or securing any bond, to the remedies of injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief
for any threatened or actual breach of this Agreement, this being in addition to any remedy to which the Parties may be entitled at Law
or in equity. The Parties rights in this Section 7.10 are an integral part of the Transaction, and each Party hereby
waives any objections to any remedy referred to in this Section 7.10 (including any objection on the basis that there is an
adequate remedy at Law or that an award of such remedy is not an appropriate remedy for any reason at Law or equity).

8

7.11. Entire
Agreement; Counterparts. This Agreement, together with the confidentiality agreement, dated as of [ ], between Eagle and the Shareholder
(as it may be amended from time to time) and the Transaction Agreement, constitute the entire agreement and supersedes all prior agreements
and understandings, both written and oral, between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be executed
in any number of counterparts, all of which, taken together, shall constitute one and the same agreement, and each Party may enter into
this Agreement by executing a counterpart and delivering it to the other Parties (by hand delivery, facsimile process, email or otherwise).

7.12. Interpretation.
All references in this Agreement to Sections and other subdivisions refer to the corresponding Sections and other subdivisions of or to
this Agreement unless expressly provided otherwise. Titles appearing at the beginning of any Sections or other subdivisions of this Agreement
are for convenience only, do not constitute any part of this Agreement, and will be disregarded in construing the language hereof. All
references in this Agreement to days refer to calendar days unless otherwise specified. The words this
Agreement, herein, hereby, hereunder, and hereof, and words of similar
import, refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular subdivision unless expressly so limited. The words this Section
and words of similar import, refer only to the Section hereof in which such words occur. The words either, or,
neither, nor and any are not exclusive. The word including (in its various forms)
means including without limitation. The word extent in the phrase to the extent shall mean the degree to which
a subject or other theory extends and such phrase shall not mean if. Pronouns in masculine, feminine or neuter genders shall
be construed to state and include any other gender, and words, terms and titles (including terms defined herein) in the singular form
shall be construed to include the plural and vice versa, unless the context otherwise requires. References to any Law shall be deemed
to refer to such Law as amended from time to time and to any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder as of the referenced time.
This Agreement shall not be construed as if prepared by one of the Parties, but rather according to its fair meaning as a whole, as if
all Parties had prepared it.

7.13. Assignment.
No Party shall assign all or any part of the benefit of, or rights or benefits under, this Agreement without the prior written consent
of each of the other Parties. Subject to the preceding sentence, but without relieving any Party of any obligation hereunder, this Agreement
will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Parties and their respective successors and assigns.

7.14. No
Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is not intended to confer upon any person other than Macaw, Eagle and the Shareholder any
rights or remedies (express or implied) under or by reason of this Agreement.

7.15. Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or condition of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other Governmental Entity
to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement, so as to effect the original
intent of the Parties as closely as possible in an equitable manner in order that the matters contemplated by this Agreement be consummated
as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible in accordance with applicable Law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties
intend that the remedies and limitations thereon contained in this Agreement shall be construed as integral parts of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and therefore shall not be severable in any manner that increases or decreases a Partys liability
or obligations hereunder. If at any time any provision of this Agreement is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect
under the Law of any jurisdiction, that shall not affect or impair the legality, validity or enforceability in that jurisdiction of any
other provision of this Agreement or the legality, validity or enforceability under the Law of any other jurisdiction of that or any other
provision of this Agreement.

9

7.16. Non-survival
of Representations and Warranties. None of the representations, warranties or agreements contained in this Agreement shall survive
the Expiration Time.

7.17. Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated with the prior written consent of each of the Parties, and shall automatically terminate (without any
further action of the Parties) upon (and shall have no further force or effect as of) the Expiration Time; provided that the provisions
of Sections 7.4, 7.5, 7.6, 7.7 and 7.10 through 7.17 shall survive any such termination. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, termination of this Agreement shall not prevent any Party from seeking any remedies (at law or in equity) against any other
Party for that Partys breach of any of the terms of this Agreement prior to the date of termination of this Agreement.

[Signature page follows]

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered on the date and year first above written.

MALLINCKRODT PLC

By: 

Name:

Title:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered on the date and year first above written.

ENDO, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered on the date and year first above written.

[SHAREHOLDER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Schedule A
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm259102d3_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.2

Creating a Global, Scaled, Diversified
Pharmaceuticals Leader
0
March 13, 2025

Disclosures
No Offer or Solicitation
This communication is not intended to and shall not constitute an offer to buy or sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any securities, or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in
which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made, except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements
of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
Additional Information about the Combination and Where to Find It
In connection with the proposed transaction, Mallinckrodt intends to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) a registration statement on Form S-4 that will include a joint proxy statement of Mallinckrodt and Endo and
that also constitutes a prospectus of Mallinckrodt ordinary shares. Each of Mallinckrodt and Endo may also file other relevant documents with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction. This document is not a substitute for the joint proxy
statement/prospectus or registration statement or any other document that Mallinckrodt or Endo may file with the SEC. The definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus (if and when available) will be mailed to shareholders of Mallinckrodt and
Endo. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS, AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS THAT MAY BE FILED WITH THE SEC, AS WELL AS ANY
AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THESE DOCUMENTS, CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY IF AND WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE, BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN OR WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED
TRANSACTION. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the registration statement and joint proxy statement/prospectus (if and when available) and other documents containing important information about
Mallinckrodt, Endo, and the proposed transaction, once such documents are filed with the SEC through the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Mallinckrodt will be available free
of charge on Mallinckrodts website at https://ir.mallinckrodt.com. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Endo will be available free of charge on Endos website at https://investor.endo.com.
Participants in the Solicitation of Proxies
Mallinckrodt, Endo, and certain of their respective directors, executive officers, and other members of management and employees may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of the proposed transaction.
Information about the directors and executive officers of Mallinckrodt, including a description of their direct or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, is set forth in (i) Mallinckrodts proxy statement for its 2024 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 15, 2024 (and which is available at https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1567892/000110465924046964/tm242936-1_def14a.htm), including under the headings Corporate
Governance, Our Director Nominees, Board of Directors and Board Committees, Compensation of Non-Employee Directors, Executive Officers Compensation of Executive Officers, Pay Versus Performance, Security Ownership and
Reporting, Equity Compensation Plan Information and Proposals 1(A) Through 1(E): Election of Directors, (ii) Mallinckrodts Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2023, which was filed with the SEC on March
26, 2024 (and which is available at https://www.sec.gov/ix?doc=/Archives/edgar/data/1567892/000156789224000008/mnk-20231229.htm), including under the headings Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance,
Item 11. Executive Compensation, Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters, Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence, and
(iii) to the extent holdings of Mallinckrodts securities by its directors or executive officers have changed since the amounts set forth in Mallinckrodts proxy statement for its 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, such changes have been or will
be reflected on Initial Statement of Beneficial Ownership of Securities on Form 3, Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership on Form 4, or Annual Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership on Form 5 filed with the SEC, which are
available at EDGAR Search Results (https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar?action=getcompany&CIK=0001567892&type=&dateb=&owner=only&count=40&search_text=).
Information about the directors and executive officers of Endo, including a description of their direct or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, is set forth in (i) Endos registration statement on Form S-1, which was filed with the
SEC on July 31, 2024 (and which is available at https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/2008861/000119312524185328/d15705ds1a.htm), including under the headings Management, Executive and Director Compensation of Endo
International plc, Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Principal and Registering Stockholders and (ii) to the extent holdings of Endos securities by its directors or executive officers have changed since the amounts set
forth in Endos S-1 registration statement, such changes have been or will be reflected on Initial Statement of Beneficial Ownership of Securities on Form 3, Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership on Form 4, or Annual Statement of
Changes in Beneficial Ownership on Form 5 filed with the SEC, which are available at EDGAR Search Results (https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar?action=getcompany&CIK=0002008861&type=&dateb=&owner=only&count=40&search_text=). Other information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitations and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security
holdings or otherwise, will be contained in the definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus and will be contained in other relevant materials to be filed with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction when such materials become available.
Investors should read these materials carefully before making any voting or investment decisions. You may obtain free copies of these documents from Mallinckrodt or Endo using the sources indicated above.
Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Statements in this press release that are not strictly historical (including, among other things, statements regarding the proposed business combination transaction between Mallinckrodt and Endo, Mallinckrodt and Endos plans to combine
their generics pharmaceuticals businesses and Endos sterile injectables business after the close of the proposed business combination and separate that business from the combined company at a later date, the anticipated benefits of the
proposed transactions, the anticipated impact of the proposed transactions on the combined companys business and future financial and operating results, the expected amount and timing of synergies from the proposed transactions, the
anticipated closing date for the proposed business combination transaction and any other statements regarding events or developments Mallinckrodt and Endo believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future) may be forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and involve a number of risks and uncertainties.
There are a number of important factors that could cause actual events to differ materially from those suggested or indicated by such forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking
statements. These factors include risks and uncertainties related to, among other things:
1

Disclosures
(i) transaction-related risks, including the parties ability to successfully integrate our business and Endos business and unanticipated costs of such integration, which may result in the combined company not operating as effectively and efficiently as expected; uncertainties
related to a future separation of the combined generics pharmaceuticals businesses of Mallinckrodt and Endo and Endos sterile injectables business; the risk that the expected benefits and synergies of the proposed transactions may not be fully realized in a timely manner, or
at all; the risk associated with Mallinckrodts and Endos ability to obtain the approval of their shareholders and stockholders, respectively, required to consummate the proposed business combination transaction; uncertainty regarding the timing of the closing of the proposed
business combination transaction; the risk that the conditions to the proposed business combination transaction may not be satisfied (or waived to the extent permitted by law) on a timely basis or at all or the failure of the proposed business combination transaction to close
for any other reason or to close on the anticipated terms, including the intended tax treatment; the risk that any regulatory approval, consent or authorization that may be required for the proposed business combination transaction may not be obtained or may be obtained
subject to conditions that are not anticipated; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the proposed business combination transaction; unanticipated difficulties, liabilities or expenditures relating to the proposed
transactions; the effect of the announcement, pendency or completion of the proposed transactions on the parties business relationships and business operations generally; certain restrictions on the ability of Mallinckrodt and Endo to pursue certain business activities or
strategic transactions during the pendency of the proposed business combination transaction; the effect of the announcement, pendency or completion of the proposed transactions on the long-term value of Mallinckrodts ordinary shares and Endos common stock; risks that
the proposed transactions may disrupt current plans and operations of Mallinckrodt and Endo and their respective management teams and potential difficulties in hiring, retaining and motivating employees as a result of the proposed transactions; risks related to our increased
indebtedness as a result of the proposed business combination transaction; significant transaction costs related to the proposed business combination transaction; potential litigation relating to the proposed transactions that could be instituted against Mallinckrodt, Endo or
their respective officers or directors; rating agency actions and Mallinckrodts and Endos ability to access short- and long-term debt markets on a timely and affordable basis; and risks related to the financing in connection with the transaction;
(ii) risks related to Mallinckrodts business, including potential changes in Mallinckrodts business strategy and performance; Mallinckrodts initiative to explore a variety of potential divestiture, financing and other transactional opportunities; the exercise of contingent value
rights by the Opioid Master Disbursement Trust II (the Trust); governmental investigations and inquiries, regulatory actions, and lawsuits, in each case related to Mallinckrodt or its officers; Mallinckrodts contractual and court-ordered compliance obligations that, if violated,
could result in penalties; compliance with and restrictions under the global settlement to resolve all opioid-related claims; matters related to Acthar Gel, including the settlement with governmental parties to resolve certain disputes and compliance with and restrictions under
the related corporate integrity agreement; the ability to maintain relationships with Mallinckrodts suppliers, customers, employees and other third parties following the emergence from the 2023 bankruptcy proceedings; scrutiny from governments, legislative bodies and
enforcement agencies related to sales, marketing and pricing practices; pricing pressure on certain of Mallinckrodts products due to legal changes or changes in insurers or other payers reimbursement practices resulting from recent increased public scrutiny of healthcare
and pharmaceutical costs; the reimbursement practices of governmental health administration authorities, private health coverage insurers and other third-party payers; complex reporting and payment obligations under the Medicare and Medicaid rebate programs and other
governmental purchasing and rebate programs; cost containment efforts of customers, purchasing groups, third-party payers and governmental organizations; changes in or failure to comply with relevant laws and regulations; any undesirable side effects caused by
Mallinckrodts approved and investigational products, which could limit their commercial profile or result in other negative consequences; Mallinckrodts and its partners ability to successfully develop, commercialize or launch new products or expand commercial
opportunities of existing products, including Acthar Gel (repository corticotropin injection) SelfJect and the INOmax Evolve DS delivery system; Mallinckrodts ability to successfully identify or discover additional products or product candidates; Mallinckrodts ability to
navigate price fluctuations and pressures, including the ability to achieve anticipated benefits of price increases of its products; competition; Mallinckrodts ability to protect intellectual property rights, including in relation to ongoing and future litigation; limited clinical trial
data for Acthar Gel; the timing, expense and uncertainty associated with clinical studies and related regulatory processes; product liability losses and other litigation liability; material health, safety and environmental laws and related liabilities; business development activities
or other strategic transactions; attraction and retention of key personnel; the effectiveness of information technology infrastructure, including risks of external attacks or failures; customer concentration; Mallinckrodts reliance on certain individual products that are material
to its financial performance; Mallinckrodts ability to receive sufficient procurement and production quotas granted by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration; complex manufacturing processes; reliance on third-party manufacturers and supply chain providers and related
market disruptions; conducting business internationally; Mallinckrodts significant levels of intangible assets and related impairment testing; natural disasters or other catastrophic events; Mallinckrodts substantial indebtedness and settlement obligation, its ability to
generate sufficient cash to reduce its indebtedness and its potential need and ability to incur further indebtedness; restrictions contained in the agreements governing Mallinckrodts indebtedness and settlement obligation on Mallinckrodts operations, future financings and
use of proceeds; Mallinckrodts variable rate indebtedness; Mallinckrodts tax treatment by the Internal Revenue Service under Section 7874 and Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; future changes to applicable tax laws or the impact of disputes
with governmental tax authorities; the impact of Irish laws; the impact on the holders of Mallinckrodts ordinary shares if Mallinckrodt were to cease to be a reporting company in the United States; the comparability of Mallinckrodts post-emergence financial results and the
projections filed with the Bankruptcy Court; and the lack of comparability of Mallinckrodts historical financial statements and information contained in its financial statements after the adoption of fresh-start accounting following emergence from the 2023 bankruptcy
proceedings; and
(iii) risks related to Endos business, including future capital expenditures, expenses, revenues, economic performance, financial conditions, market growth and future prospects; Endo changes in competitive, market or regulatory conditions; changes in legislation or regulations;
global political changes, including those related to the new U.S. presidential administration; Endos use of artificial intelligence and data science; the ability to obtain and maintain adequate protection for intellectual property rights; the impacts of competition such as those
related to XIAFLEX; the timing and uncertainty of the results of both the research and development and regulatory processes; health care and cost containment reforms, including government pricing, tax and reimbursement policies; litigation; the performance including the
approval, introduction and consumer and physician acceptance of current and new products; the performance of third parties upon whom Endo relies for goods and services; issues associated with Endos supply chain; Endos ability to develop and expand its product pipeline
and to launch new products and to continue to develop the market for XIAFLEX and other branded, sterile injectable or generic products; the effectiveness of advertising and other promotional campaigns; and the timely and successful implementation of business
development opportunities and/or any other strategic priorities.
The registration statement on Form S-4 and proxy statement/prospectus that will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) will describe additional risks in connection with the proposed transaction. While the list of factors presented here is, and the list of
factors to be presented in the registration statement on Form S-4 and proxy statement/prospectus are, considered representative, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. For additional information about other factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to Mallinckrodts most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and other filings with the SEC, which are available from the
SECs website (www.sec.gov) and Mallinckrodts website (www.mallinckrodt.com) and Endos most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the SEC, which are available from the SECs website (www.sec.gov) and
Endos website (www.endo.com). There may be other risks and uncertainties that we are unable to predict at this time or that we currently do not expect to have a material adverse effect on our business.
The forward-looking statements made herein speak only as of the date hereof and Mallinckrodt and Endo do not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events and developments or otherwise, except as
required by law. Given these uncertainties, one should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
To supplement the financial measures prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), this press release includes certain financial information of the combined company in this release that are not prescribed by or prepared in accordance with GAAP.
We utilize these non-GAAP financial measures as supplements to financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP when evaluating operating performance and we believe that these measures will be used by certain investors to evaluate operating results. We believe that
presenting these non-GAAP financial measures provides useful information about performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding certain items, which may be favorable or unfavorable.
Despite the importance of these measures to management in goal setting and performance measurement, these are non-GAAP financial measures that have no standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and, therefore, have limits in their usefulness to investors. Because of the non-standardized definitions, non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA (unlike GAAP net income and its components) may differ from, and may not be comparable to, the calculation of similar measures of other companies. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely to permit investors to
more fully understand how management assesses performance.
These non-GAAP financial measures should not be viewed in isolation or as substitutes for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. We are not providing reconciliations of projected non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures, nor are we
providing comparable projected GAAP financial measures for such projected non-GAAP financial measures. We are unable to provide such reconciliations without unreasonable efforts due to the inherent difficulty in forecasting and quantifying certain amounts that are necessary for
such reconciliations, including adjustments that could be made for asset impairments, contingent consideration adjustments, legal settlements, gain / loss on extinguishment of debt, adjustments to inventory and other charges reflected in the reconciliation of historic numbers, the
amounts of which could be significant.
2

Todays Speakers & Agenda
3
Siggi Olafsson
Mallinckrodt President & CEO
Bryan Reasons
Mallinckrodt CFO
Mark Bradley
Endo CFO
Scott Hirsch
Endo Interim CEO
1 Strategic Rationale
Transaction Structure & Terms
Combined Portfolio
Potential Synergies
Growth Opportunities
2
3
4
5

Compelling Strategic Rationale
Scaled and diversified
branded
pharmaceuticals
portfolio
Scaled generics
business with a broad
product portfolio
Increased strategic
and financial
flexibility
4
Specialized and
experienced team
with strong
compliance culture
Meaningful synergy
opportunities
Strong balance
sheet
$6.7bn
Combined
Pro Forma Enterprise
Value1
$3.6bn
Combined
Pro Forma Revenue3
$150mm+
Annual Operating
Pre-Tax Synergies by
Year 3
$1.2bn
34% Margin
Combined Pro
Forma Adj. EBITDA2
2.3x
Combined
Pro Forma Leverage4
Note: Pro forma values represent 2025E per management guidance.
1. Calculated as trading values of Mallinckrodt and Endo common shares as of March 12, 2025 + combined 24A net debt, not
accounting for $80mm cash payment to Endo shareholders.
2. 25E combined pro forma adj. EBITDA per management guidance including year 1 synergies of $75 million (50% of expected
annual pre-tax run-rate synergies).
3. 25E combined pro forma revenue per management guidance.
4. Implied pro forma leverage post-refinancing.

Headquarters: Dublin, IRL Headquarters: Malvern, PA
Annual 2024
Net Revenue1
: $1.7bn
Adj. EBITDA1
: $464mm
Employees: ~2,700
Net Revenue1
: $1.8bn
Adj. EBITDA1
: $637mm
Employees: ~3,000
Liquidity2
Net Debt: $0.5bn
2024 Net Leverage: 0.8x3
Net Debt: $2.1bn
2024 Net Leverage: 3.3x3
Product Highlights
Leading brands portfolio, including Acthar Gel, INOmax,
and Terlivaz
Diversified portfolio of high-quality generic drugs and APIs
Leading brands, including XIAFLEX, SUPPRELIN LA, and
AVEED
Broad portfolio of sterile injectables, ~40 on-market-hospital-based products and pipeline of 40+ projects
Revenue by
Business
Combination of Two Durable Portfolios
5
Acthar, 28%
INOmax, 15%
Terlivaz, 1%
Other Brands, 4%
Generics, 35%
API, 17% XIAFLEX, 29%
Other Brands, 21%
Sterile Injectables, 21%
Generics, 29%
Note: Figures represent 2024A.
1. Mallinckrodt revenue and adj. EBITDA figures without Therakos Business; Endo revenue and adj. EBITDA figures including
International Business.
2. Liquidity metrics as of December 31, 2024. Net leverage calculated as net debt / 24A adj. EBITDA.
3. 0.8x Mallinckrodt leverage based on 24A adj. EBITDA of $604mm with Therakos Business. 3.3x Endo leverage based on 24A
adj. EBITDA including International Business.

Transaction Structure
6
Combined
Company
Sterile Injectables
and Generics
Business
Brands Business
Step 1
Step 2
Creating 2 separate entities:
1 A leading, scaled brands
business
2 A focused sterile
injectables & generics
business to be separated
post-transaction

Key Transaction Terms
Transaction Structure,
Consideration &
Ownership
Mallinckrodt will be the parent entity of the combined group and Mallinckrodt shareholders will own
50.1% and Endo shareholders will own 49.9% of the combined company
Endo shareholders to receive Mallinckrodt stock and $80mm in cash
Implied pro forma enterprise value of $6.7 billion1
Management & Board
Siggi Olafsson, current Mallinckrodt CEO, will serve as President, CEO and a member of the Board of
Directors of the combined company
Paul Efron, current Endo Board member, will serve as Board Chair
Combined Companys Board is expected to have 9 directors at close (4 from Mallinckrodt, 4 from Endo,
1 new director)
Closing
Transaction expected to close in the second half of 2025
Subject to Mallinckrodt and Endo shareholder approvals, regulatory approvals and other customary
closing conditions
Financing & Capital
Structure
Pro forma total debt of $3.4bn and net debt of $2.8bn
Pro Forma Net Debt / Adj. EBITDA of 2.3x2
Existing Mallinckrodt term loan and notes expected to be repaid at closing
$900mm of committed financing provided by Goldman Sachs & Co LLC to optimize capital structure
Separation of Sterile
Injectables & Generics
Separate Endos sterile injectables business and Mallinckrodt and Endos generic pharmaceutical
businesses, following closing of the transaction, subject to customary conditions
Other Terms Global HQ in Dublin, Ireland; U.S. HQ and combined company name to be announced later
7
1. Calculated as trading values of Mallinckrodt and Endo common shares as of March 12, 2025 + combined 24A net debt, not accounting for $80mm cash payment to Endo shareholders.
2. Pro forma net debt / 25E pro forma adj. EBITDA per management guidance, including year 1 synergies of $75 million (50% of expected annual pre-tax run-rate synergies). Implied pro forma leverage post-refinancing.

Combined Company Creates a Scaled and Diversified Branded Portfolio
8
Creates a pure play branded business
Increased financial flexibility to drive
strategic agenda
Scaled platform that can be expanded
through M&A
Enhanced commercial position to pursue
strategic opportunities
Diversified pharma business of scale led by
key brands XIAFLEX and Acthar Gel
$1.7bn
Pro Forma 24A Revenue1
Note: 2024A revenue figure represents combined brands businesses.
1. Pro forma 24A revenue without Mallinckrodts Therakos Business and including Endos International Business.
Experienced team with strong quality and
compliance culture 

As Well as a Scaled Sterile Injectables and Generic Pharmaceuticals Business
9
Broad product portfolio spanning multiple delivery technologies, formulations
and dosage forms, as well as a leading controlled substances franchise
Benefits from robust commercial capabilities, established manufacturing
infrastructure and extensive supply chain capabilities
Deep expertise in complex, highly regulated products
Track record of high quality, reliability and compliance
Backwards integration into API
Expected to be highly profitable and generate strong free cash flow
Gx Finished Doses
and API
80+ Gx Products and
40+ Sterile Injectables
$1.7bn
Pro Forma 24A Revenue
Note: 2024A Revenue figure represents combined sterile injectables and generics businesses.

Heavily U.S. Focused Combined Footprint
10
Administrative Offices
Manufacturing
Regional Service Centers
5,700
Total Employees
17
Combined
Manufacturing
Facilities
30
Combined
Distribution
Centers
Note: Figures as of March 12, 2025.
8 U.S. Manufacturing
Facilities
Branded
Corp. and/or shared site
Generics
Other
Sterile Injectables
4 U.S. Manufacturing
Facilities
Europe India Australia Japan

Develop additional
capabilities across strategic
therapeutic areas
Enhanced Financial Flexibility Creates Avenue to Pursue Branded Growth Opportunities
11
Expand foundation to
become a leader in areas of
significant unmet need
Grow branded platform
through business
development
Drive long-term growth
through continued innovation
within branded platform
+

Separation of sterile injectables and generics business would enable consistent return of
capital to shareholders through stable, strong free cash flow
Compelling Rationale to Drive Future Growth
12
Portfolio of well-established, diversified branded pharmaceuticals with room to grow
Immediate scale, robust cash flow and enhanced financial flexibility
U.S. focused combined footprint supported by global infrastructure network
Expected to generate in excess of $150mm of annual pre-tax run-rate synergies
Scaled generics business with complementary product portfolios spanning multiple
dosage forms and delivery technologies
Well positioned to invest in internal and external growth opportunities
1
5
2
3
4
+
6
7

13
Appendix

Non-GAAP Definitions
Mallinckrodt
Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA represents net income or loss prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (GAAP) and adjusted for certain items that
management believes are not reflective of the operational performance of the business. Adjustments to GAAP amounts include, as applicable to each measure, interest expense, net;
income taxes; depreciation; amortization from intangible assets and right-of use asset resulting from finance leases; restructuring charges, net; non-restructuring impairment charges;
inventory step-up expense; discontinued operations; changes in fair value of contingent consideration obligations; significant legal and environmental charges; divestitures; liabilities
management and separation costs; losses on debt extinguishment, net; unrealized gain or loss on equity investment; reorganization items, net; share-based compensation; fresh-start
inventory related expenses; and other items identified by the Company.
Net Debt Net debt reflects total debt principal outstanding and undiscounted finance lease liabilities on a GAAP basis less cash and cash equivalents (unrestricted cash) on a GAAP basis.
Endo
Adjusted EBITDA EBITDA represents Net income (loss) before Interest expense, net; Income tax expense; Depreciation; and Amortization, each prepared in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA
further adjusts EBITDA by excluding those items enumerated above under the heading Adjusted net income, without duplication, and stock-based compensation costs.
Adjusted net income, Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted Operating Expenses
Adjusted net income, Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted Operating Expenses are presented as non-GAAP measures and are reconciled to their corresponding GAAP measures of Net
income (loss), Gross Profit, defined as revenues less cost of revenues, and Operating Expenses, defined as the sum of (i) Selling, general and administrative; (ii) Research and
development; (iii) Acquired in-process research and development; (iv) Litigation-related and other contingencies, net; (v) Asset impairment charges; and (vi) Acquisition related and
integration items, net.
Adjustments, to the extent they apply to the corresponding GAAP amounts, may include, but are not limited to expense or income related to: acquisitions and divestitures, such as
amortization of intangible assets and of inventory step-up adjustments, certain employee-related charges, including earn-outs, separation, retention, or relocation costs, changes in the
fair value of contingent consideration, transaction costs of executed deals, and integration or disintegration-related costs; certain amounts related to strategic review initiatives; certain
cost reduction initiatives such as separation benefits, continuity payments, other exit costs; asset impairment charges; certain costs incurred in connection with debt or equity-financing
activities, such as non-capitalizable transaction costs incurred in connection with a successful financing transaction and gains or losses associated with early repayments, extinguishment
or modification of our debt instruments; litigation-related and other contingent matters; certain legal costs; gains or losses from the sales of businesses and other assets; gains or losses
associated with discontinued operations, net of tax; foreign currency gains or losses on intercompany financing arrangements; reorganization items, net; the tax effect of adjusted pre-tax income at applicable tax rates and other tax adjustments; and certain other items.
14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>mnk-20250313.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mnk-20250313_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>mnk-20250313_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm259102d3_ex99-2img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm259102d3_ex99-2img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm259102d3_ex99-2img003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm259102d3_ex99-2img004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>tm259102d3_ex99-2img005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>tm259102d3_ex99-2img006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>tm259102d3_ex99-2img007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>tm259102d3_ex99-2img008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>tm259102d3_ex99-2img009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>tm259102d3_ex99-2img010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm259102d3_ex99-2img011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm259102d3_ex99-2img012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm259102d3_ex99-2img013.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tm259102d3_ex99-2img014.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>tm259102d3_ex99-2img015.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 13, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K/A

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 13, 2025

Entity File Number 001-35803

Entity Registrant Name Mallinckrodt plc

Entity Central Index Key 0001567892

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1088325

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code L2

Entity Address, Address Line One College Business & Technology Park

Entity Address, Address Line Two Cruiserath

Entity Address, Address Line Three Blanchardstown

Entity Address, City or Town Dublin

Entity Address, Country IE

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 15

Country Region +353

City Area Code 1

Local Phone Number 696 0000

Written Communications true

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Region code of country+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CountryRegion

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://mallinckrodt.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

mnk-20250313.xsd 
mnk-20250313_lab.xml 
mnk-20250313_pre.xml 
tm259102d3_8ka.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-023476-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>tm259102d3_8ka_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001567892 

2025-03-13 
2025-03-13 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001567892 
8-K/A 
2025-03-13 
Mallinckrodt plc 
L2 
001-35803 
98-1088325 
College Business & Technology Park 
Cruiserath 
Blanchardstown 
Dublin 
15 
IE 
+353 
1 
696 0000 
true 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>