<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-021819.txt : 20250206
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-021819.hdr.sgml : 20250206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250206163244
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-021819
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250206
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bain Capital Specialty Finance, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001655050
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01175
		FILM NUMBER:		25597888

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O BAIN CAPITAL CREDIT, LP
		STREET 2:		200 CLARENDON STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(617) 516-2318

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O BAIN CAPITAL CREDIT, LP
		STREET 2:		200 CLARENDON STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sankaty Capital Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151007
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d892739d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0001655050DEMA00016550502025-02-062025-02-06iso4217:USD

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) 

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): February 6, 2025

BAIN CAPITAL SPECIALTY FINANCE, INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

DELAWARE 

814-01175 

81-2878769

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

200 CLARENDON STREET, 37

TH FLOOR,

BOSTON, 

MA 

02116

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (617) 

516-2000

N/A 

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 

8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 

14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 

14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 

13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 

12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

(240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $.001 par value BCSF New York Stock Exchange

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On February 6, 2025, Bain Capital Specialty Finance, Inc. (the Company) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (the Trustee), entered into a Third Supplemental Indenture (the Third Supplemental Indenture) to the Indenture between the Company and the Trustee, dated March 10, 2021 (the Base Indenture, and together with the Third Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture). The Third Supplemental Indenture relates to the Companys issuance of $350,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.950% notes due 2030 (the Notes). 

The Notes will mature on March 15, 2030 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Companys option at any time or from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.950% per year payable semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing on September 15, 2025. The Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Companys existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, rank 

pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to any of the Companys secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, a

nd rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Companys subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 

The Indenture contains certain covenants, including covenants requiring the Company to comply with the asset coverage requirements of Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(1) and (2) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, whether or not it is subject to those requirements, and to provide financial information to the holders of the Notes and the Trustee if the Company is no longer subject to the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are described in the Indenture. 

In addition, on the occurrence of a change of control repurchase event, as defined in the Indenture, the Company will generally be required to make an offer to repurchase the outstanding Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of such Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to the repurchase date. 

The Notes were offered and sold in an offering registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to the Registration Statement on Form 

N-2 (File 

No. 333-265951) (the Registration Statement), the preliminary prospectus supplement dated January 30, 2025 and the pricing term sheet filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 30, 2025. The transaction closed on February 6, 2025. The net proceeds to the Company were approximately $342.3 million, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions, and estimated offering expenses. The Company intends to use the net proceeds to repay outstanding secured indebtedness under its financing arrangements and for general corporate purposes. 

The foregoing descriptions of the Third Supplemental Indenture and the Notes do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Third Supplemental Indenture and the Notes, respectively, each filed as exhibits hereto and incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under 

an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information required by Item 2.03 contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 

8-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

EXHIBIT

NUMBER 

DESCRIPTION

4.1 Indenture, dated as of March 10, 2021 , by and between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 10, 2021). 

4.2 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 6, 2025, relating to the 5.950% Notes due 2030, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. 

4.3 Form of 5.950% Notes due 2030 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 hereto). 

5.1 Opinion of Dechert LLP. 

23.1 Consent of Dechert LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1). 

104 Cover page interactive data file (formatted as Inline XBRL)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

BAIN CAPITAL SPECIALTY 

FINANCE, INC.

Date: February 6, 2025 By: 

/s/ Jessica Yeager

Name: Jessica Yeager

Title: Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d892739dex42.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.2
<TEXT>
EX-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 

THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

between 

BAIN CAPITAL
SPECIALTY FINANCE, INC. 

and 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Trustee 

Dated as of
February 6, 2025 

THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

THIS THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Third Supplemental Indenture), dated as of February 6, 2025, is between Bain
Capital Specialty Finance, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee). All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning set
forth in the Base Indenture (as defined below) unless otherwise defined herein. 

RECITALS OF THE COMPANY 

The Company and the Trustee executed and delivered an Indenture, dated as of March 10, 2021 (the Base Indenture), as
amended and supplemented by this Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 6, 2025 (the Third Supplemental Indenture, and together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), to provide for the
issuance by the Company from time to time of the Companys unsecured debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness (the Securities), to be issued in one or more series as provided in the Base Indenture. 

The Company desires to issue and sell $350,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.950% Notes due 2030 (the
Notes). 

Sections 901(4) and 901(6) of the Base Indenture provide that without the consent of Holders of the Securities
of any series issued under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), the Company, when authorized by or pursuant to a Board Resolution, and the Trustee, at any time and from
time to time, may enter into one or more indentures supplemental to the Base Indenture to (i) change or eliminate any of the provisions of the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental
thereto) when there is no Security Outstanding of any series created prior to the execution of the supplemental indenture that is entitled to the benefit of such provision and (ii) establish the form or terms of Securities of any series as
permitted by Section 201 and Section 301 of the Base Indenture. 

The Company desires to establish the form and terms of the
Notes and to modify, alter, supplement and change certain provisions of the Base Indenture for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes (subject to amendment as may be provided in a future supplemental indenture to the Indenture (Future
Supplemental Indenture)). 

The Company has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Third Supplemental Indenture to
provide for the issuance of the Notes and all acts and things necessary to make this Third Supplemental Indenture a valid, binding, and legal obligation of the Company and to constitute a valid agreement of the Company, in accordance with its terms,
have been done and performed. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and the purchase of the Notes by
the Holders thereof, it is mutually agreed, for the equal and proportionate benefit of all Holders of the Notes, as follows: 

ARTICLE I

TERMS OF THE NOTES 

Section 1.01. The following terms relating to the Notes are hereby established: 

(a) The Notes shall constitute a series of Senior Securities having the title 5.950% Notes due 2030. The Notes shall bear a
CUSIP number of 05684BAD9 and an ISIN number of US05684BAD91. 

(b) The aggregate principal amount of the Notes that may be
initially authenticated and delivered under the Indenture (except for Notes authenticated and delivered upon registration of, transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Notes pursuant to Sections 304, 305, 306, 906 or 1107 of the Base
Indenture, and except for any Securities that, pursuant to Section 303 of the Base Indenture, are deemed never to have been authenticated and delivered under the Indenture) shall be $350,000,000. Under a Board Resolution, Officers
Certificate pursuant to Board Resolutions or an indenture supplement, the Company may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders of Notes, issue additional Notes (in any such case Additional Notes) having the same
ranking and the same interest rate, maturity and other terms as the Notes; provided that, if such Additional Notes are not part of the same issue as the Notes (or any other tranche of Additional Notes) for U.S. federal income tax
purposes, then such Additional Notes will have different CUSIP numbers from the Notes (and any such other tranche of Additional Notes). Any Additional Notes and the existing Notes will constitute a single series under the Indenture and all
references to the relevant Notes herein shall include the Additional Notes unless the context otherwise requires. 

(c) The entire
outstanding principal of the Notes shall be payable on March 15, 2030, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the provisions of this Third Supplemental Indenture. 

(d) The rate at which the Notes shall bear interest shall be 5.950% per annum (the Applicable Interest Rate). The
date from which interest shall accrue on the Notes shall be February 6, 2025, or the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or provided for; the Interest Payment Dates for the Notes shall be March 15 and
September 15 of each year, commencing September 15, 2025(if an Interest Payment Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, then the applicable interest payment will be made on the next succeeding Business Day and no additional
interest will accrue as a result of such delayed payment); the initial interest period will be the period from and including February 6, 2025(or the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or provided for), to,
but excluding, the initial Interest Payment Date, and the subsequent interest periods will be the periods from and including an Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next Interest Payment Date or the Stated Maturity, as the case may be.
Interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date, will be paid to the Person in whose name the Note (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at 5:00 p.m. New York City time, or the close of
business, on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall be March 1 and September 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date. Payment of principal of (and premium, if any,
on) and any such interest on the Notes will be made at the office of the Trustee located at One Federal Street, 10th Floor, Boston, MA 02110 and at such other address as designated by the Trustee, in such coin or currency of the United States of
America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that at the option of the Company, payment of interest may be made by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled
thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register. Interest on the Notes will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. 

(e) The Notes shall be initially issuable in global form (each such Note, a Global Note). The Global Notes and the
Trustees certificate of authentication thereon shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A to this Third Supplemental Indenture. Each Global Note shall represent the outstanding Notes as shall be specified therein and each shall
provide that it shall represent the aggregate amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as appropriate, to
reflect exchanges and redemptions. Any endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby shall be made by the Trustee or the Security Registrar, in accordance with
Sections 203 and 305 of the Base Indenture. 

- 2 - 

(f) The depository for such Global Notes (the Depository) shall be
The Depository Trust Company, New York, New York, until a successor shall have been appointed and becomes such person, and thereafter, Depository shall mean or include such successor. The Security Registrar with respect to the Global Notes shall be
the Trustee. 

(g) The Notes shall be defeasible pursuant to Section 1402 or Section 1403 of the Base Indenture. Covenant
defeasance contained in Section 1403 of the Base Indenture shall apply to the covenants contained in Sections 1007 and 1008 of the Indenture. 

(h) The Notes shall be redeemable pursuant to Section 1101 of the Base Indenture and as follows: 

(i) Prior to February 15, 2030 (one month prior to their maturity) (the Par Call Date), the Notes will
be redeemable, in whole or in part, at any time, or from time to time, at the option of the Company, at a Redemption Price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal points) equal to the greater of: 

(A) 

(1) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon
discounted to the Redemption Date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months)
at the Treasury Rate plus 30 basis points less (2) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and 

(B) 

100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. 

(ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, on or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time
and from time to time, at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the Redemption Date. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Redemption Date of the Notes, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the
following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as
yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the Redemption Date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such
time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication)
(H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as
applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15
exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the
Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity
on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall
be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the Redemption Date. 

- 3 - 

If on the third business day preceding the Redemption Date H.15 TCM is no longer published,
the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such Redemption Date of the United States
Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a
maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date
preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from
among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City
time. In determining the Notes Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed
as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

(iii) The Companys actions and determinations in determining the Redemption Price shall be conclusive and binding for all
purposes, absent manifest error. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall have no duty to calculate the Redemption Price nor shall it have any duty to review or verify the Companys calculations of the Redemption Price. 

(iv) If the Company chooses to redeem any Notes, the Company will deliver a notice of redemption to holders of the Notes to be redeemed
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the Redemption Date. All notices of redemption shall contain the information set forth in Section 1104 of the Base Indenture. 

(v) Any exercise of the Companys option to redeem the Notes will be done in compliance with the Investment Company Act, to the
extent applicable. 

(vi) If the Company elects to redeem only a portion of the Notes, the particular Notes to be
redeemed will be selected in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Trustee and, so long as the Notes are registered to the Depository or its nominee, the Depository; provided, however, that no such partial redemption shall reduce
the portion of the principal amount of a Note not redeemed to less than $2,000. 

(vii) Unless the Company defaults
in payment of the Redemption Price, on and after the Redemption Date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes called for redemption hereunder. 

(viii) The Notes shall not be subject to any sinking fund pursuant to Section 1201 of the Base Indenture. 

(ix) The Notes shall be issuable in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

(x) Holders of the Notes will not have the option to have the Notes repaid prior to the Stated Maturity other than in accordance with
Article Thirteen of the Indenture. 

ARTICLE II 

DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION 

Section 2.01. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of
the Notes but no other series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article One of the Base Indenture
shall be amended by adding the following defined terms to Section 101 in appropriate alphabetical sequence, as follows: 

- 4 - 

Below Investment Grade Rating Event means the Notes are downgraded below
Investment Grade by both of Rating Agencies on any date from the date of the public notice of an arrangement that results in a Change of Control until the end of the 60-day period following public notice of
the occurrence of a Change of Control (which period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by either of the Rating Agencies); provided that a Below Investment
Grade Rating Event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control (and thus shall not be deemed a Below Investment Grade Rating Event for purposes of
the definition of Change of Control Repurchase Event hereunder) if the Rating Agencies making the reduction in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply do not announce or publicly confirm or inform the Trustee in writing at its request
that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the applicable Change of Control shall have occurred at
the time of the Below Investment Grade Rating Event). 

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following:

(1) the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation) in one
or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Controlled Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any person or group (as those terms are used in Section 13(d)(3) of the
Exchange Act), other than to any Permitted Holders; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, a pledge of assets pursuant to any secured debt instrument of the Company or its Controlled Subsidiaries shall not be deemed to be any such sale,
lease, transfer, conveyance or disposition; 

(2) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or
consolidation) the result of which is that any person or group (as those terms are used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) (other than any Permitted Holders) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in
Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 promulgated under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the outstanding Voting Stock of the Company, measured by voting
power rather than number of shares; or 

(3) the approval by the Companys stockholders of any plan or proposal relating to the
liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 

Change of Control Repurchase Event means the occurrence of a Change of
Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event. 

Controlled Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company, 50% or
more of the outstanding equity interests of which are owned by the Company and its direct or indirect Subsidiaries and of which the Company possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies,
whether through the ownership of voting equity interests, by agreement or otherwise. 

GAAP means generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the opinions and pronouncements of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board and the statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other entity as have been approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States,
which are in effect from time to time. 

Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended,
and the rules, regulations and interpretations promulgated thereunder, to the extent applicable, and any statute successor thereto. 

Investment Grade means a rating of Baa3 or better by Moodys (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories
of Moodys) and BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of S&P) (or, in each case, if such Rating Agency ceases to make a rating of the Notes publicly
available for reasons outside of the Companys control, the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any Rating Agency selected by the Company as a replacement Rating Agency). 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service or any successor thereto. 

- 5 - 

Permitted Holders means (i) the Company, (ii) one or more of
the Companys Controlled Subsidiaries and (iii) BCSF Advisors, LP, any Affiliate of BCSF Advisors, LP or any entity that is managed by BCSF Advisors, LP that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction located in the United States of
America and in the business of managing or advising clients. 

Rating Agency means (1) one or both of Moodys
and S&P; and (2) if both Moodys and S&P cease to rate the Notes or fail to make a rating of the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Companys control, a nationally recognized statistical rating
organization as defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act selected by the Company as a replacement agency for either of Moodys or S&P, as the case may be. 

S&P means S&Ps Global Ratings Services, or any successor thereto. 

Significant Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that would be a significant subsidiary as defined in Article 1,
Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act, as such regulation is in effect on the date of this Indenture (but excluding any Subsidiary which is (a) a non-recourse or limited recourse Subsidiary, (b) a bankruptcy remote special purpose vehicle or (c) is not consolidated with the Company for purposes of GAAP). 

Voting Stock as applied to stock of any Person, means shares, interests, participations or other equivalents in the equity
interest (however designated) in such Person having ordinary voting power for the election of a majority of the directors (or the equivalent) of such Person, other than shares, interests, participations or other equivalents having such power only by
reason of the occurrence of a contingency. 

Section 2.02. Except as may be provided in a Future
Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter
issued and Outstanding, Article One of the Base Indenture shall be amended by amending and restating the definitions of Business Day and Subsidiary in Section 101 as follows: 

Business Day means, with respect to any Note, any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which banking institutions
in New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 

Subsidiary means (1) any corporation
a majority of the outstanding voting stock of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company or by one or more other Subsidiaries of the Company, (2) any other Person (other than a corporation) in which such Person, one or more
Subsidiaries of such Person, or such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person, directly or indirectly, at the date of determination thereof has a majority ownership interest, or (3) a partnership in which such Person or Subsidiary of
such Person is, at the time, a general partner and in which such Person, directly or indirectly, at the date of determination thereof has a majority ownership interest. For the purposes of this definition, voting stock mean stock having
voting power for the election of directors, whether at all times or only so long as no senior class of stock has such voting power by reason of any contingency. In addition, for purposes of this definition, Subsidiary shall exclude any
investments held by the Company in the ordinary course of business which are not, under GAAP, consolidated on the financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 

ARTICLE III 

SECURITIES
FORMS 

Section 3.01. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of
the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article Two of the
Base Indenture shall be amended by adding the following new Section 204 thereto, as set forth below: 

Section 204. Certificated Notes. 

- 6 - 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Indenture, Notes in
physical, certificated form will be issued and delivered to each person that the Depository identifies as a beneficial owner of the related Notes only if: 

(a) the Depository notifies the Company at any time that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depository for the Notes in global form
and a successor depository is not appointed within 90 days; 

(b) the Depository ceases to be registered as a clearing agency under
the Exchange Act and a successor depository is not appointed within 90 days; or 

(c) an Event of Default with respect to the Notes
has occurred and is continuing and such beneficial owner requests that its Notes be issued in physical, certificated form. 

ARTICLE IV 

REMEDIES

Section 4.01. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the
Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article Five of the Base
Indenture shall be amended by replacing clause (2) of Section 501 thereof with the following: 

(2) default in the
payment of the principal of (or premium, if any, on) any Note when it becomes due and payable at its Maturity including upon any Redemption Date or required repurchase date; or 

Section 4.02. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of
the Notes but no other series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Section 501 of the Base
Indenture shall be amended by replacing clause (4) thereof with the following: 

(4) 

default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant or agreement of the Company in this Indenture or the
Notes (other than a covenant or agreement a default in whose performance or whose breach is elsewhere in this Section specifically dealt with or which has expressly been included in this Indenture solely for the benefit of a series of securities
other than the Notes), and continuance of such default or breach for a period of 60 consecutive days after there has been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by the Holders of at
least 25% in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes a written notice specifying such default or breach and requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default hereunder; or 

Section 4.03. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of
the Notes but no other series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article Five of the Base Indenture
shall be amended by adding as clause (9) of Section 501 thereof the following: 

(9) 

default by the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, with respect to any mortgage, agreement or other
instrument under which there may be outstanding, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for money borrowed in excess of $100 million in the aggregate of the Company and/or any such Significant Subsidiary, whether such
indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created (i) resulting in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable or (ii) constituting a failure to pay the principal or interest of any such debt when due and payable at
its stated maturity, upon required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise, unless, in either case, such indebtedness is discharged, or such acceleration is rescinded, stayed or annulled, within a period of 30 calendar days after
written notice of such failure is given to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then Outstanding. 

- 7 - 

Section 4.04. Except as may be provided in a Future
Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued
and Outstanding, Section 501 of the Base Indenture shall be amended by replacing clause (7) thereof with the following: 

(7) 

if, pursuant to Section 18(a)(1)(C)(ii) and Section 61 of the Investment Company Act, on the last
business day of each of 24 consecutive calendar months, any class of securities shall have an asset coverage (as such term is used in the Investment Company Act) of less than 100% giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to the Company by the
Commission; 

Section 4.05. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental
Indenture, for the benefit of Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and
Outstanding, Article Five of the Base Indenture shall be amended by amending clause (6) of Section 501 thereof as follows: the words 90 consecutive days in the final clause thereof shall be replaced with the words 60
consecutive days. 

Section 4.06. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for
the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding,
Article Five of the Base Indenture shall be amended by replacing the first paragraph of Section 502 thereof with the following: 

If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes occurs and is continuing, then and in every such case (other than an Event of Default
specified in Section 501(5) or 501(6)), the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes may (and the Trustee shall at the request of such Holders) declare the principal of all the Outstanding Notes
to be due and payable immediately, by a notice in writing to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by the Holders), and upon any such declaration such principal or specified portion thereof shall become immediately due and payable; provided that
100% of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes will automatically become due and payable in the case of an Event of Default specified in Section 501(5) or 501(6) hereof. 

Section 4.07. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of Holders of the
Notes but no other series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article Five of the Base Indenture shall
be amended by replacing clause (3) of Section 512 thereof with the following: 

(3) 

the Trustee need not take any action that it determines in good faith may involve it in personal liability or
be unjustly prejudicial to the Holders of the Notes not consenting; and 

ARTICLE V 

THE TRUSTEE 

Section 5.01. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of Holders of the
Notes but no other series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now of hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article Six of the Base Indenture shall
be amended by replacing the final proviso of Section 601 thereof with the following: 

and providedfurther that
in the case of any Default or breach of the character specified in Section 501(4) with respect to the Securities of such series, no such notice to Holders shall be given until at least 60 days after the occurrence thereof 

- 8 - 

ARTICLE VI 

COVENANTS 

Section 6.01. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of Holders of the
Notes but no other series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article Ten of the Base Indenture shall
be amended by replacing clause (1) of Section 1005 thereof with the following: 

(1) 

The Company will deliver to the Trustee within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year ending after the date
hereof (which fiscal year ends on December 31), so long as any Notes are Outstanding hereunder, a brief Officers Certificate as to the knowledge of the signers of the Companys compliance with all of the terms, provisions or conditions of
this Indenture. For purposes of this Section 1005, such compliance shall be determined without regard to any period of grace or requirement of notice under this Indenture. 

Section 6.02. Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of
the Notes but no other series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article Ten of the Base Indenture
shall be amended by adding the following new Sections 1007 and 1008 thereto, each as set forth below: 

Section 1007 Section 18(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act. 

The Company hereby agrees that for the period of time during which the Notes are Outstanding, the Company will not violate, whether or not it
is subject to, Section 18(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act as modified by Section 61(a)(1) and (2) of the Investment Company Act or any successor provisions, as such obligations may be amended or superseded, giving effect to any
exemptive relief granted to the Company by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Section 1008 Commission
Reports and Reports to Holders. 

If, at any time, the Company is not subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of
the Exchange Act to file any periodic reports with the Commission, the Company agrees to furnish to the Holders of the Notes and the Trustee for the period of time during which the Notes are Outstanding: (i) within 90 days after the end of each
fiscal year of the Company, audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Company and (ii) within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Company (other than the Companys fourth fiscal quarter), unaudited interim
consolidated financial statements of the Company. All such financial statements shall be prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP, as applicable. 

ARTICLE VII 

CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, CONVEYANCE OR TRANSFER 

Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities
under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article Eight of the Base Indenture shall be amended by replacing
Section 801 with the following: 

Section 801 Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Assets. 

The Company shall not merge or consolidate with or into any other Person (other than a merger of a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company into
the Company), or sell, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its property (provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, a pledge of assets pursuant to any secured debt instrument of the Company or its Controlled
Subsidiaries shall not be deemed to be any such sale, transfer, lease, conveyance or disposition) in any one transaction or series of related transactions unless: 

- 9 - 

(1) the Company shall be the surviving Person (the Surviving Person) or
the Surviving Person (if other than the Company) formed by such merger or consolidation or to which such sale, transfer, lease, conveyance or disposition is made shall be a corporation or limited liability company organized and existing under the
laws of the United States of America or any state or territory thereof; 

(2) the Surviving Person (if other than the Company) expressly
assumes, by supplemental indenture in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, executed and delivered to the Trustee by such Surviving Person, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on, all the Notes
Outstanding, and the due and punctual performance and observance of all the covenants and conditions of this Indenture to be performed by the Company; 

(3) immediately before and immediately after giving effect to such transaction or series of related transactions, no Default or Event of
Default shall have occurred and be continuing; and 

(4) the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Trustee, an
Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such transaction and the supplemental indenture, if any, in respect thereto, comply with this Section 801 and that all conditions precedent in this Indenture relating to
such transaction have been complied with. 

For the purposes of this Section 801, the sale, transfer, lease, conveyance or other
disposition of all the property of one or more Subsidiaries of the Company, which property, if held by the Company instead of such Subsidiaries, would constitute all or substantially all the property of the Company on a consolidated basis, shall be
deemed to be the transfer of all or substantially all the property of the Company. 

ARTICLE VIII 

OFFER TO REPURCHASE UPON A CHANGE OF CONTROL REPURCHASE EVENT 

Except as may be provided in a Future Supplemental Indenture, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes but no other series of Securities
under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding, Article Thirteen of the Base Indenture shall be amended by replacing Sections
1301 to 1305 with the following: 

Section 1301 Change of Control. 

If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs, unless the Company shall have exercised its right to redeem the Notes in full, the Company
shall make an offer to each Holder of the Notes to repurchase all or any part (in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 principal amount in excess thereof) of that Holders Notes at a repurchase price in cash equal to
100% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes repurchased to, but not including, the date of purchase. Within 30 days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event or, at the
Companys option, prior to any Change of Control, but after the public announcement of the Change of Control, the Company shall mail a notice to each Holder describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute the Change
of Control Repurchase Event and offering to repurchase Notes on the payment date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed. The notice shall, if mailed prior to
the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the offer to purchase is conditioned on the Change of Control Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the payment date specified in the notice. The Company shall comply with the
requirements of Rule 14e-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase
of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Repurchase Event. 

To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations
conflict with this Section 1301, the Company shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section 1301 by virtue of such conflict. 

- 10 - 

On the Change of Control Repurchase Event payment date, subject to extension if necessary to
comply with the provisions of the Investment Company Act, the Company shall, to the extent lawful: 

(1) accept for payment all Notes or
portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to its offer; 

(2) deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the aggregate purchase
price in respect of all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered; and 

(3) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes
properly accepted, together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes being purchased by the Company. 

The Paying Agent will promptly remit to each Holder of Notes properly tendered the purchase price for the Notes, and the Trustee will promptly
authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of any Notes surrendered; provided that each new Note will be in a minimum principal amount of
$2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

If any Repayment Date upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event falls on a
day that is not a Business Day, then the required payment will be made on the next succeeding Business Day and no additional interest will accrue as a result of such delayed payment. 

The Company will not be required to make an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event if a third party makes an
offer in respect of the Notes in the manner, at the time and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company and such third party purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. 

ARTICLE IX 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 9.01. This Third Supplemental Indenture and the Notes shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws that would cause the application of laws of another jurisdiction. This Third Supplemental Indenture is subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act
that are required to be part of the Indenture and shall, to the extent applicable, be governed by such provisions. All of the provisions contained in the Indenture in respect to the rights, privileges, immunities, indemnities, protections, powers
and duties of the Trustee shall be applicable in respect of this Third Supplemental Indenture as fully and with like effect as if set forth herein in full. 

Section 9.02. In case any provision in this Third Supplemental Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

Section 9.03. This Third Supplemental Indenture may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be an
original, but such counterparts will together constitute but one and the same Third Supplemental Indenture. The exchange of copies of this Third Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile, .pdf transmission, email or other electronic
means shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Third Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile, .pdf transmission, email or other electronic means shall be deemed to be their
original signatures for all purposes. For the avoidance of doubt, all notices, approvals, consents, requests and any communications hereunder or with respect to this Third Supplemental Indenture must be in writing (provided that any communication
sent to the Trustee hereunder must be in the form of a document that is signed manually or by way of a digital signature provided by DocuSign or Adobe (or such other digital signature provider as specified in writing to the Trustee by the authorized
representative), in English. The Company agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of using digital signatures and electronic methods to submit communications to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting
on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties. 

- 11 - 

Section 9.04. The Base Indenture, as supplemented and
amended by this Third Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and the Base Indenture and this Third Supplemental Indenture shall be read, taken and construed as one and the same instrument with respect to the Notes. All
provisions included in this Third Supplemental Indenture supersede any conflicting provisions included in the Base Indenture with respect to the Notes, unless not permitted by law. The Trustee accepts the trusts created by the Base Indenture, as
supplemented by this Third Supplemental Indenture, and agrees to perform the same upon the terms and conditions of the Base Indenture, as supplemented by this Third Supplemental Indenture. 

Section 9.05. The provisions of this Third Supplemental Indenture shall become effective as of the date
hereof. 

Section 9.06. Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary herein, the terms and provisions of
this Third Supplemental Indenture shall apply only to the Notes and shall not apply to any other series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or more indentures supplemental thereto) and this
Third Supplemental Indenture shall not and does not otherwise affect, modify, alter, supplement or change the terms and provisions of any other series of Securities under the Base Indenture (as supplemented or amended from time to time by one or
more indentures supplemental thereto), whether now or hereafter issued and Outstanding. 

Section 9.07. The
recitals contained herein and in the Notes shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Third
Supplemental Indenture, the Notes or any Additional Notes, except that the Trustee represents that it is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Third Supplemental Indenture, authenticate the Notes and any Additional Notes and perform its
obligations hereunder. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Company of the Notes or any Additional Notes or the proceeds thereof. All rights, protections, privileges, indemnities, immunities and benefits granted or
afforded to the Trustee under the Indenture shall be deemed incorporated herein by this reference and shall be deemed applicable to all actions taken, suffered or omitted by the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder. 

- 12 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Third Supplemental Indenture to be
duly executed as of the date first above written. 

BAIN CAPITAL SPECIALTY FINANCE, INC.

By: 

/s/ Michael A. Ewald

Name: Michael A. Ewald

Title: Chief Executive Officer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

/s/ Steven J. Gomes

Name: Steven J. Gomes

Title: Vice President

[Signature page to
Third Supplemental Indenture] 

Exhibit A Form of Global Note 

This Security is a Global Note within the meaning of the Indenture hereinafter referred to and is registered in the name of The Depository Trust Company or
a nominee thereof. This Security may not be exchanged in whole or in part for a Security registered, and no transfer of this Security in whole or in part may be registered, in the name of any Person other than The Depository Trust Company or a
nominee thereof, except in the limited circumstances described in the Indenture. 

Unless this certificate is presented by an authorized
representative of The Depository Trust Company to the issuer or its agent for registration of transfer, exchange or payment and such certificate issued in exchange for this certificate is registered in the name of Cede & Co., or such other
name as requested by an authorized representative of The Depository Trust Company, any transfer, pledge or other use hereof for value or otherwise by or to any person is wrongful, as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest
herein. 

Bain Capital Specialty Finance, Inc. 

No. 1 $350,000,000 

CUSIP No. 05684BAD9 

ISIN No. US05684BAD91 

5.950% Notes due 2030 

Bain Capital Specialty Finance, Inc., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of Delaware (herein called the
Company, which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., or registered assigns, the principal sum of three hundred fifty
million dollars (U.S. $350,000,000) on March 15, 2030, and to pay interest thereon from February 6, 2025 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually on March 15 and
September 15 of each year, commencing September 15, 2025, at the rate of 5.950% per annum until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest
Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall be March 1 and September 1 (whether or not
a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date. Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may either be paid to the
Person in whose name this Security is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to Holders of Securities of this series not less
than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Securities of this series may be listed, and upon such notice as
may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in said Indenture. This Security may be issued as part of a series. 

Payment
of the principal of (and premium, if any, on) and any such interest on this Security will be made at the office of the Trustee located at One Federal Street, 10th Floor, Boston, MA 02110 and at such other address as designated by the Trustee, in
such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts; provided, however, that at the option of the Company payment of interest may be made by
check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register; provided, further, however, that so long as this Security is registered to Cede & Co., such payment will
be made by wire transfer in accordance with the procedures established by The Depository Trust Company and the Trustee. 

Reference is
hereby made to the further provisions of this Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual signature, this
Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

A-1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this
instrument to be duly executed. 

Dated: February 6, 2025 

BAIN CAPITAL SPECIALTY FINANCE, INC.

By: 

Name: Michael A. Ewald

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Attest

By: 

Name: Jessica Yeager

Title: Secretary

A-2 

This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the
within-mentioned Indenture. 

Dated: February 6, 2025 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

A-3 

Bain Capital Specialty Finance, Inc. 

5.950% Notes due 2030 

This
Security is one of a duly authorized issue of Senior Securities of the Company (herein called the Securities), issued and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of March 10, 2021 (herein called the
Base Indenture, which term shall have the meaning assigned to it in such instrument), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (herein called the Trustee, which term
includes any successor trustee under the Base Indenture), and reference is hereby made to the Base Indenture for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the
Trustee, and the Holders of the Securities and of the terms upon which the Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered, as amended and supplemented by the Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 6,
2025, relating to the Securities, by and between the Company and the Trustee (herein called the Third Supplemental Indenture; and the Third Supplemental Indenture and the Base Indenture collectively are herein called the
Indenture). In the event of any conflict between the Base Indenture and the Third Supplemental Indenture, the Third Supplemental Indenture shall govern and control. 

This Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially limited in aggregate principal amount to $350,000,000. Under
a Board Resolution, Officers Certificate pursuant to Board Resolutions or an indenture supplement, the Company may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders of Securities, issue additional Securities of this series (in any such
case Additional Securities) having the same ranking and the same interest rate, maturity and other terms as the Securities, provided that, if such Additional Securities are not fungible with the Securities (or any other tranche of
Additional Securities) for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then such Additional Securities will have different CUSIP numbers from the Securities represented hereby (and any such other tranche of Additional Securities). Any Additional Securities
and the existing Securities will constitute a single series under the Indenture and all references to the relevant Securities herein shall include the Additional Securities unless the context otherwise requires. The aggregate amount of outstanding
Securities represented hereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as appropriate, to reflect exchanges and redemptions. 

Prior
to February 15, 2030 (one month prior to their maturity) (the Par Call Date), the Securities will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at any time, or from time to time, at the option of the Company, at a Redemption Price (expressed
as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal points) equal to the greater of: 

(A) 

(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon
discounted to the Redemption Date (assuming the Securities matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day
months) at the Treasury Rate plus 30 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and 

(B) 

100% of the principal amount of the Securities to be redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time on or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem some or all of the Securities, at any time,
or from time to time, at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Securities to be redeemed plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. 

For purposes of calculating the Redemption Price in connection with the redemption of the Securities, on any Redemption Date, the following
terms have the meanings set forth below: 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Redemption Date, the yield
determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs. 

A-4 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or
after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that
appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or
publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall
select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant
maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately
longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or
maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate
based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity
that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call
Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or
more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury
securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in
accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00
a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

The Companys actions and
determinations in determining the Redemption Price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall have no duty to calculate the Redemption Price nor shall it have any duty to
review or verify the Companys calculations of the Redemption Price. 

If we choose to redeem any Notes, we will deliver a notice of
redemption to holders of the Notes to be redeemed not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the redemption date. 

If we are redeeming
less than all of the Notes, the particular Notes to be redeemed will be selected in accordance with the applicable procedures of the trustee and, so long as the Notes are registered to DTC or its nominee, the DTC; provided, however, that no such
partial redemption will reduce the portion of the principal amount of a Note not redeemed to less than $2,000. If any Securities are to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the Securities will state the portion of the
principal amount of the Securities to be redeemed. A new Security in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Securities will be issued in the name of the holder of the Securities upon surrender for cancellation of the original
Securities. For so long as the Securities are held by Depository, the redemption of the Securities shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depository. 

Unless the Company defaults in payment of the Redemption Price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the
Securities or portions thereof called for redemption. 

A-5 

Holders will have the right to require the Company to repurchase their Securities upon the
occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event as set forth in the Indenture. 

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any
time of the entire indebtedness of this Security or certain restrictive covenants and Events of Default with respect to this Security, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. 

If an Event of Default with respect to Securities of this series shall occur and be continuing (other than Events of Default related to
certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization as set forth in the Indenture), the principal of the Securities of this series may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. In the case of
certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization described in the Indenture, 100% of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Securities will automatically become due and payable. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the
Securities at the time Outstanding of each series to be affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the
Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Security
shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or
waiver is made upon this Security. 

As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder of this Security shall not
have the right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless such Holder shall have previously given the Trustee written notice of a continuing
Event of Default with respect to the Securities of this series, the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Securities of this series at the time Outstanding shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in
respect of such Event of Default as Trustee and offered the Trustee indemnity, security, or both, satisfactory to the Trustee, against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred in compliance with such request, and the Trustee shall not have
received from the Holders of a majority in principal amount of Securities of this series at the time Outstanding a direction inconsistent with such request, and shall have failed to institute any such proceeding, for sixty (60) days after
receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity and/or security. The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this Security for the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof or any premium or interest hereon on
or after the respective due dates expressed herein. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Security or of the
Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registrable in the
Security Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company in any place where the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by
a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Securities of this series and of like
tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 

The Securities of this series are issuable only in registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiples of
$1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Securities of this series are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Securities of this series and of like tenor of a
different authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. 

A-6 

No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the
Company or Trustee may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith. 

Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee
may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

All terms used in this Security which are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

To the extent any provision of this Security conflicts with the express provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall
govern and be controlling. 

The Indenture and this Security shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. 

A-7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d892739dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

1095 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10036
- 6797

+1 212 698 3500 Main

+1 212 698 3599 Fax

www.dechert.com

February 6, 2025 

Bain
Capital Specialty Finance, Inc. 

200 Clarendon Street, 37th Floor 

Boston, MA 02116 

Re: 

Registration Statement on Form N-2

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as counsel to Bain Capital
Specialty Finance, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the preparation and filing of a Registration Statement on Form N-2 (Registration No. 333-265951), originally filed on June 30, 2022, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act) (as amended, the Registration Statement) and the final prospectus supplement, dated January 30, 2025 (including the base prospectus filed therewith, the Prospectus
Supplement), filed with the Commission on February 3, 2025 pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2) under the Securities Act, relating to the proposed issuance by the Company of $350,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.950% notes due 2030
(the Notes), to be sold to underwriters pursuant to an underwriting agreement in substantially the form filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
Commission on February 3, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement). This opinion letter is being furnished to the Company in accordance with the requirements of Item 25 of Form N-2 under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and we express no opinion herein as to any matter other than as to the legality of the Notes. 

The Notes are
to be issued pursuant to the indenture dated as of March 10, 2021 (the Base Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by
the third supplemental indenture dated as of February 6, 2025 (together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee. 

In rendering the opinions expressed below, we have examined and relied on originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such
documents, corporate records and other instruments and such agreements, certificates and receipts of public officials, certificates of officers or other representatives of the Company and others, and such other documents as we have deemed necessary
or appropriate as a basis for the opinions set forth below, including the following documents: 

(i) 

the Registration Statement; 

(ii) 

the Prospectus Supplement; 

(iii) 

the Underwriting Agreement; 

(iv) 

the Indenture; 

(v) 

a specimen copy of the form of the Notes to be issued pursuant to the Indenture; 

(vi) 

the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company; 

(vii) 

the Bylaws of the Company; 

February 6, 2025

Page
2

(viii) 

a certificate of good standing with respect to the Company issued by the Secretary of the State of the State of
Delaware as of a recent date; and 

(ix) 

the resolutions of the board of directors of the Company, relating to, among other things, the authorization
and issuance of the Notes. 

As to the facts upon which this opinion is based, we have relied, to the extent we deem proper, upon
certificates of public officials (which we have assumed remain accurate as of the date of this opinion letter) and certificates and written statements of agents, officers, directors and representatives of the Company without having independently
verified such factual matters. 

In our examination, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us
as original documents and the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as copies, the legal capacity of natural persons who are signatories to the documents examined by us, and the legal power and authority of all persons
signing on behalf of the parties to such documents (other than the Company). We have further assumed that there has been no oral modification of, or amendment or supplement (including any express or implied waiver, however arising) to, any of the
agreements, documents or instruments used by us to form the basis of the opinion expressed below. 

On the basis of the foregoing and subject to the
assumptions, qualifications and limitations set forth in this letter, we are of the opinion that: 

1. 

The Indenture constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the
Company in accordance with its terms. 

2. 

When duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee in accordance with the terms of the
Indenture and delivered to the underwriters against payment therefor in accordance with the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the Notes will constitute the legal and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
accordance with their terms. 

The opinions set forth herein are subject to the following assumptions, qualifications, limitations and
exceptions being true and correct at or before the issuance of the Notes: 

(i) 

the Company is duly incorporated and validly existing in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware;

(ii) 

the Indenture and the Notes have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by each party thereto (other than
the Company); 

(iii) 

the final terms of the Notes have been duly established and approved by all necessary corporate actions on the
part of the Company; 

(iv) 

the terms of the Notes as established comply with the requirements of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended; and 

(v) 

the Notes have been duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee in accordance with the
Indenture and delivered to and paid for by the purchasers thereof. 

February 6, 2025

Page
3

The foregoing opinions are subject to the following qualifications: 

(a) The opinions expressed herein are limited by principles of equity (regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) that may
limit the availability of certain rights and remedies and do not reflect the effect of bankruptcy (including preferences), insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance, receivership, reorganization, moratorium and other laws or decisions
relating to or affecting debtors obligations or creditors rights generally and, as to rights of indemnification and contribution, by principles of public policy. The opinions expressed above also do not reflect the effect of laws and
equitable doctrines (including requirements that the parties to agreements act reasonably and in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and give reasonable notice prior to exercising rights and remedies) or the effect of the exercise of
discretion of the court before which any proceeding may be brought, which may limit the availability of any particular remedy but which will not, in our judgment, make the remedies available to the Trustee under the Indenture, taken as a whole,
inadequate for the practical realization of the benefits provided for in the Indenture, except for the economic consequence of any delay that may be imposed thereby or result therefrom, and except that we express no opinion as to the rights of the
Trustee to accelerate the due dates of any payment due under the Indenture or the Exchange Notes or to exercise other remedies available to them on the happening of a non-material breach of any such document
or agreement. Our opinion set forth in clause (a) of paragraph 1 above relating to good standing and valid existence of the Company is based solely upon our review of the Certificate of Good Standing. 

(b) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we express no opinion with respect to: (1) the availability of specific performance or other
equitable remedies for noncompliance with any of the provisions contained in the Indenture; (2) the enforceability of provisions contained in the Indenture relating to the effect of laws which may be enacted in the future; (3) the
enforceability of provisions in the Indenture purporting to waive the effect of applicable laws to the extent such waivers are prohibited by such applicable laws; (4) the effectiveness of any power-of-attorney given under the Indenture that is intended to bind successors and assigns that have not granted such powers by a
power-of-attorney specifically executed by them; (5) provisions in the Indenture related to waivers of remedies (or the delay or omission of enforcement thereof),
disclaimers, liability limitations or limitations on the obligations of the Trustee in circumstances in which a failure of condition or default by any party is not material; (6) the indemnification and contribution provisions of the Indenture
if and to the extent that such provisions contravene public policy or might require indemnification or payments with respect to any litigation against a party to the Indenture determined adversely to the other party(ies) to such litigation, or any
loss, cost or expense arising out of an indemnified partys bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct or any violation by an indemnified party of statutory duties, general principles of equity or public policy; (7) any self-help
provisions in the Indenture; (8) provisions in the Indenture that purport to establish evidentiary standards; (9) provisions in the Indenture that provide that certain rights or obligations are absolute or unconditional (other than
guarantees or letter of credit reimbursement obligations); (10) the right of the Trustee to set off against funds held in any account maintained with the Trustee by the Company and which account is designated, or contains funds that such Trustee is
aware have been set aside, for special purposes, such as payroll, trust and escrow accounts, or which funds are subject to special agreement between the Trustee and the Company precluding or limiting rights to set off funds; (11) provisions in
the Indenture that provide for the enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of the Indenture in circumstances in which certain other terms and provisions of the Indenture are illegal or unenforceable; (12) provisions in the
Indenture that restrict access to or waive legal or equitable remedies or access to courts; (13) provisions in the Indenture that affect or confer jurisdiction (other than on the courts of New York); (14) provisions in the Indenture that permit
the Trustee to act in its sole discretion or to be exculpated from liability for its actions to the extent not permitted by law; (15) any provision of the Indenture that may be construed as a forfeiture or penalty; (16) any provision of
the Indenture that purports to provide that the terms thereof may not be varied or waived except in writing or that the express terms thereof supersede any inconsistent course of performance and/or usage of the trade; or (17) the effect of the
laws of any jurisdiction in which a holder of the Exchange Notes is located that limits the interest, fees or other charges it may impose for the Exchange Notes or use of money or other credit. 

February 6, 2025

Page
4

We are members of the bar of the State of New York, and the foregoing opinions are limited to the federal
laws of the United States of America, the laws of the State of New York and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. We express no opinion concerning the laws of any other jurisdiction, and we express no opinion concerning any state
securities or blue sky laws, rules or regulations, or any federal, state, local or foreign laws, rules or regulations. 

This opinion letter
has been prepared for the Companys use solely in connection with the Registration Statement. The opinions expressed in this opinion letter (i) are strictly limited to the matters stated in this opinion letter, and without limiting the
foregoing, no other opinions are to be implied and (ii) are only as of the date of this opinion letter, and we are under no obligation, and do not undertake, to advise the addressee of this opinion letter or any other person or entity either of
any change of law or fact that occurs, or of any fact that comes to our attention, after the date of this opinion letter, even though such change or such fact may affect the legal analysis or a legal conclusion in this opinion letter. 

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed
with the Commission on February 6, 2025 and to the reference to this firm under the caption Legal Matters in the prospectus that is a part of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus Supplement. In giving such consent, we do
not admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Dechert LLP

Dechert LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ck0001655050-20250206.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
1001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:calculationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ck0001655050-20250206_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ck0001655050-20250206_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ck0001655050-20250206_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ck0001655050-20250206_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g892739g0206023917127.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 06, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 06, 2025

Entity Registrant Name BAIN CAPITAL SPECIALTY FINANCE, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001655050

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Securities Act File Number 814-01175

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-2878769

Entity Address, Address Line One 200 CLARENDON STREET

Entity Address, Address Line Two 37TH FLOOR

Entity Address, City or Town BOSTON

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02116

City Area Code 617

Local Phone Number 516-2000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $.001 par value

Trading Symbol BCSF

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

N-2

Feb. 06, 2025 

USD ($)

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Central Index Key 0001655050

Amendment Flag false

Securities Act File Number 814-01175

Document Type 8-K

Entity Registrant Name BAIN CAPITAL SPECIALTY FINANCE, INC.

Entity Address, Address Line One 200 CLARENDON STREET

Entity Address, Address Line Two 37TH FLOOR

Entity Address, City or Town BOSTON

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02116

City Area Code 617

Local Phone Number 516-2000

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Capital Stock, Long-Term Debt, and Other Securities [Abstract] 

Long Term Debt [Table Text Block] 

On February 6, 2025, Bain Capital Specialty Finance, Inc. (the Company) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (the Trustee), entered into a Third Supplemental Indenture (the Third Supplemental Indenture) to the Indenture between the Company and the Trustee, dated March 10, 2021 (the Base Indenture, and together with the Third Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture). The Third Supplemental Indenture relates to the Companys issuance of $350,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.950% notes due 2030 (the Notes). 

Long Term Debt, Principal $ 350,000,000

Long Term Debt, Structuring [Text Block] 

The Notes will mature on March 15, 2030 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Companys option at any time or from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.950% per year payable semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing on September 15, 2025. The Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Companys existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, rank 

pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to any of the Companys secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, a

nd rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Companys subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 

Long Term Debt, Dividends and Covenants [Text Block] 

The Indenture contains certain covenants, including covenants requiring the Company to comply with the asset coverage requirements of Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(1) and (2) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, whether or not it is subject to those requirements, and to provide financial information to the holders of the Notes and the Trustee if the Company is no longer subject to the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are described in the Indenture. 

X

- References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Form N-2

-Section Item 10

+ Details

Name: cef_CapitalStockLongTermDebtAndOtherSecuritiesAbstract

Namespace Prefix: cef_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Form N-2

-Section Item 10

-Subsection 2

-Paragraph b

+ Details

Name: cef_LongTermDebtDividendsAndCovenantsTextBlock

Namespace Prefix: cef_

Data Type: dtr-types:textBlockItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Form N-2

-Section Item 10

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: cef_LongTermDebtPrincipal

Namespace Prefix: cef_

Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Form N-2

-Section Item 10

-Subsection 2

-Paragraph a

+ Details

Name: cef_LongTermDebtStructuringTextBlock

Namespace Prefix: cef_

Data Type: dtr-types:textBlockItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Form N-2

-Section Item 10

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: cef_LongTermDebtTableTextBlock

Namespace Prefix: cef_

Data Type: dtr-types:textBlockItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
27 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
1 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
1001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://www.baincapital.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
R2.htm 
995470 - Disclosure - N-2 
Sheet 
http://xbrl.sec.gov/cef/role/N2 
N-2 
Notes 
2 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ck0001655050-20250206.xsd 
ck0001655050-20250206_cal.xml 
ck0001655050-20250206_def.xml 
ck0001655050-20250206_lab.xml 
ck0001655050-20250206_pre.xml 
d892739d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/cef/2024 
http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-021819-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>d892739d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001655050 

2025-02-06 
2025-02-06 

iso4217:USD 

false 
0001655050 
DE 
MA 
8-K 
2025-02-06 
BAIN CAPITAL SPECIALTY FINANCE, INC. 
814-01175 
81-2878769 
200 CLARENDON STREET 
37TH FLOOR 
BOSTON 
02116 
617 
516-2000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $.001 par value 
BCSF 
NYSE 
On February 6, 2025, Bain Capital Specialty Finance, Inc. (the Company) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (the Trustee), entered into a Third Supplemental Indenture (the Third Supplemental Indenture) to the Indenture between the Company and the Trustee, dated March 10, 2021 (the Base Indenture, and together with the Third Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture). The Third Supplemental Indenture relates to the Companys issuance of $350,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.950% notes due 2030 (the Notes). 
350000000 
The Notes will mature on March 15, 2030 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Companys option at any time or from time to time at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.950% per year payable semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing on September 15, 2025. The Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Companys existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, rank pari passu with all existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company, rank effectively junior to any of the Companys secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, a n d rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Companys subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
The Indenture contains certain covenants, including covenants requiring the Company to comply with the asset coverage requirements of Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(1) and (2) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, whether or not it is subject to those requirements, and to provide financial information to the holders of the Notes and the Trustee if the Company is no longer subject to the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are described in the Indenture.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>