<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-022831.txt : 20250311
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-022831.hdr.sgml : 20250311
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250311172506
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-022831
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250305
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250311
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250311

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Brag House Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001903595
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENT & RECREATION [7990]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42525
		FILM NUMBER:		25728866

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16192 COASTAL HIGHWAY
		CITY:			LEWES
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19958
		BUSINESS PHONE:		917-599-8334

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16192 COASTAL HIGHWAY
		CITY:			LEWES
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19958
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0233899-8k_braghouse.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000190359500019035952025-03-052025-03-05iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 5, 2025

Brag House Holdings, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-42525 87-4032622

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

45 Park Street,

Montclair, NJ07042

(Address of principal executive offices)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (413) 398-2845

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value TBH The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01.Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

In connection with the initial
public offering (the Offering) of the common stock, par value $0.0001 per share of Brag House Holdings, Inc. (the Company),
described in the prospectus (the Prospectus), dated March 5, 2025, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant
to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which Prospectus is deemed to be part of the Registration Statement on Form
S-1, as amended (File No. 333-280282) (as amended, the Original Registration Statement), and the Registration Statement
on Form S-1 filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (File No. 333-285586), the Company entered into an
Underwriting Agreement (Underwriting Agreement), dated March 5, 2025, with Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC (Kingswood)
as representative of the underwriters named therein, for the offer and sale of 1,475,000 shares of the Companys common stock at
a public offering price of $4.00 per share for gross proceeds, before deducting underwriting discounts and other related expenses, of
$5.9 million. The Underwriting Agreement is filed herewith as Exhibit 1.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The terms of the Underwriting
Agreement are substantially the same as the terms set forth in the form of such agreement previously filed as an exhibit to the Registration
Statement and as described therein.

Pursuant to the Underwriting
Agreement, as partial compensation for its services, the Company issued to the underwriters on the closing date of the Offering (the Closing
Date), warrants (the Underwriter Warrants) to purchase an aggregate of 44,250 shares of our common stock, representing
3% of the shares issued on the Closing Date. The Underwriter Warrants will be exercisable, in whole or in part, commencing on September
3, 2025 and expiring on March 6, 2030, at an initial exercise price per share of common stock of $4.00, which is equal to 100% of the
Offering price. The terms of the Representatives Warrant are substantially the same as the terms set forth in the form of such
warrant which is filed as Exhibit 4.1 to this current report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01.Regulation FD Disclosure.

On March 5, 2025, we issued a
press release announcing the pricing of the Offering. A copy of the press release is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit
99.1. On March 7, 2025, we issued a press release announcing the closing of the Offering. A copy of the press release is attached to this
Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.2.

On March 10, 2025, Kingswood,
as representative of the underwriters, exercised in full its option to purchase an additional 221,250 shares of the Companys common
stock to cover over-allotments at a public offering price of $4.00 per share for gross proceeds from the over-allotment exercise, before
deducting underwriting discounts and other related expenses, of $885,000. The over-allotment exercise closed on March 11, 2025 and, on
that same date, we issued a press release announcing the closing of the over-allotment exercise. A copy of the press release is attached
to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.3.

The information set forth in Item
7.01, including Exhibits 99.1, 99.2, and 99.3, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed
incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth
by specific reference in such a filing.

Investors and others should note
that the Company routinely announces material information to its investors using filings with the SEC, the Companys Investor Relations page
on its website at https://investors.braghouse.com/, press releases, public conference calls, public webcasts, its feed on X (formerly
known as Twitter) (https://x.com/BragHouse), its Facebook page (https://www.facebook.com/thebraghouse), its YouTube page (https://www.youtube.com/c/TheBragHouse),
its TikTok page (https://www.tiktok.com/@braghouse), and its Instagram page (https://www.instagram.com/thebraghouse/).
The information posted on the Companys website or social media channels is not incorporated by reference in this report
or in any other report or document the Company files with the SEC. While not all of the information that the Company posts to its Investor
Relations page on its website or to social media channels is of a material nature, some information could be deemed to be material.
Therefore, the Company encourages investors, the media and others interested in the Company to review the information it makes public
in these channels.

Item 9.01.Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Exhibits

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 5, 2025, by and between Brag House Holdings, Inc. and Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC

4.1 Form of Representatives Warrant Agreement

99.1 Press Release of Brag House Holdings, Inc. entitled Brag House Announces Pricing of Initial Public Offering

99.2 Press Release of Brag House Holdings, Inc. entitled Brag House Announces Closing of Initial Public Offering

99.3 

Press Release of Brag House Holdings, Inc. entitled Brag House Announces Full Exercise of Underwriters Over-Allotment Option

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 11, 2025 BRAG HOUSE HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: /s/ Lavell Juan Malloy, II

Name: Lavell Juan Malloy, II

Title: Chief Executive Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023389901ex1-1_braghouse.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT, DATED MARCH 5, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN BRAG HOUSE HOLDINGS, INC. AND KINGSWOOD CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

between

BRAG HOUSE HOLDINGS, INC.

and

KINGSWOOD CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC

as Representative of the Several Underwriters

New York, New York

March 5, 2025

Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC

As Representative of the several

Underwriters named on Schedule 1 attached hereto

126 East 56th St., 22nd FL,

New York NY 10022

Dear Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, Brag House
Holdings, Inc., a corporation formed under the laws of Delaware (collectively with its subsidiaries and affiliates, including, without
limitation, all entities disclosed or described in the Registration Statement (as hereinafter defined) as being subsidiaries or affiliates
of Brag House Holdings, Inc., (the Company), hereby confirms its agreement (this Agreement) with Kingswood
Capital Partners, LLC (hereinafter referred to as the Representative) and with the other underwriters named on Schedule
1 hereto for which the Representative is acting as representative (the Representative and such other underwriters being collectively
called the Underwriters or, individually, an Underwriter) as follows:

1. Purchase
and Sale of Shares.

1.1 Firm
Shares.

1.1.1 Nature
and Purchase of Firm Shares.

(i) On
the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company
agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, an aggregate of 1,475,000 shares (Firm Shares) of the Companys
common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Shares).

(ii) The
Underwriters, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase from the Company the number of Firm Shares set forth opposite their respective
names on Schedule 1 attached hereto and made a part hereof at a purchase price of $3.68 per Firm Share (or 92% of the offering
price of $4.00 per Firm Share). The Firm Shares are to be offered initially to the public at the offering price set forth on the cover
page of the Prospectus (as defined in Section 2.1.1 hereof).

1.1.2 Shares
Payment and Delivery.

(i) Delivery
and payment for the Firm Shares shall be made at 10:00 a.m., Eastern time, on the first (1st) Business Day (as hereinafter
defined) following the effective date (the Effective Date) of the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1 below)
(or the second (2nd) Business Day following the Effective Date if the Registration Statement is declared effective after 4:01
p.m., Eastern time) or at such other time as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company, at such place (or remotely by
facsimile or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company. The hour and date of delivery
and payment for the Firm Shares is called the Closing Date.

(ii) Payment
for the Firm Shares shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds, payable to the order of the Company
upon delivery of the certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters) representing the Firm Shares (or through the
facilities of the Depository Trust Company (DTC)) for the account of the Underwriters. The Firm Shares shall be registered
in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing at least one (1) full Business
Day prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Firm Shares except upon tender of payment by
the Representative for all of the Firm Shares. The term Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a
legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions are authorized or obligated by law to close in New York, New York.

1.2 Over-allotment
Option.

1.2.1 Option
Shares. For the purposes of covering any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and sale of the Firm Shares, the Company
hereby grants to the Underwriters an option to purchase up to 221,250 additional Common Shares, representing fifteen percent (15%) of
the Firm Shares sold in the offering, from the Company (the Over-allotment Option). Such 221,250 additional Common Shares,
the net proceeds of which will be deposited with the Companys account, are hereinafter referred to as Option Shares.
The purchase price to be paid per Option Share shall be equal to the price per Firm Share set forth in Section 1.1.1 hereof. The Firm
Shares and the Option Shares are hereinafter referred to together as the Public Securities. The offering and sale of the
Public Securities is hereinafter referred to as the Offering.

1.2.2 Exercise
of Option. The Over-allotment Option granted pursuant to Section 1.2.1 hereof may be exercised by the Representative as to all (at
any time) or any part (from time to time) of the Option Shares within forty-five (45) days after the Closing Date. The Underwriters shall
not be under any obligation to purchase any Option Shares prior to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. The Over-allotment Option
granted hereby may be exercised by the giving of oral notice to the Company from the Representative, which must be confirmed in writing
by overnight mail or facsimile or other electronic transmission setting forth the number of Option Shares to be purchased and the date
and time for delivery of and payment for the Option Shares (the Option Closing Date), which shall not be later than one
(1) full Business Days after the date of the notice or such other time as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative,
at such place (including remotely by facsimile or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative.
If such delivery and payment for the Option Shares does not occur on the Closing Date, the Option Closing Date will be as set forth in
the notice. Upon exercise of the Over-allotment Option with respect to all or any portion of the Option Shares, subject to the terms and
conditions set forth herein, (i) the Company shall become obligated to sell to the Underwriters the number of Option Shares specified
in such notice and (ii) each of the Underwriters, acting severally and not jointly, shall purchase that portion of the total number of
Option Shares then being purchased as set forth in Schedule 1 opposite the name of such Underwriter.

1.2.3 Payment
and Delivery. Payment for the Option Shares shall be made on the Option Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds,
payable to the order of the Company upon delivery to the Representative of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters)
representing the Option Shares (or through the facilities of DTC) for the account of the Underwriters. The Option Shares shall be registered
in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing at least one (1) full Business
Day prior to the Option Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Option Shares except upon tender of payment
by the Representative for applicable Option Shares.

1.3 Representatives
Warrants.

1.3.1 Purchase
Warrants. The Company hereby agrees to issue and sell to the Representative (and/or its designees) on the Closing Date and Option
Closing Date, as applicable, a warrant (Representatives Warrant) for the purchase of an aggregate number of Common
Shares representing three percent (3%) of the Firm Shares, for an aggregate purchase price of $100.00. The Representatives Warrant
agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Representatives Warrant Agreement), shall be exercisable,
in whole or in part, commencing on a date which is one hundred eighty (180) days after the Closing Date and expiring on the four and a
half-year anniversary of the Closing Date at an initial exercise price per share of Common Shares of $4.00, which is equal to 100% of
the initial public offering price of the Firm Shares. The Representatives Warrant Agreement and the Common Shares issuable upon
exercise thereof are hereinafter referred to together as the Representatives Securities. The Representative understands
and agrees that there are significant restrictions pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 against transferring the Representatives Warrant
Agreement and the underlying Common Shares during the one hundred eighty (180) days immediately following the date of effectiveness or
commencement of sales of the offering and by its acceptance thereof shall agree that it will not sell, transfer, assign, pledge or hypothecate
the Representatives Warrant Agreement, or any portion thereof, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or
call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of such securities for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days
immediately following the date of effectiveness or commencement of sales of the offering to anyone other than (i) an Underwriter or a
selected dealer in connection with the Offering, or (ii) a bona fide officer or partner of the Representative or of any such Underwriter
or selected dealer; and only if any such transferee agrees to the foregoing lock-up restrictions.

2

1.3.2 Delivery.
Delivery of the Representatives Warrant Agreement shall be made on the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date(s), as applicable,
and shall be issued in the name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request.

2. Representations and
Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as of the Applicable Time (as defined below),
as of the Closing Date and as of the Option Closing Date, if any, as follows:

2.1 Filing
of Registration Statement.

2.1.1 Pursuant
to the Securities Act. The Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration
statement, and an amendment or amendments thereto, on Form S-1 (File No. 333-280282), including any related prospectus or prospectuses,
for the registration of the Public Securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), which registration
statement and amendment or amendments have been prepared by the Company in all material respects in conformity with the requirements of
the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act (the Securities Act Regulations)
and will contain all material statements that are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities
Act Regulations. Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration statement, as amended, on file with the Commission at
the time the registration statement became effective (including the Preliminary Prospectus included in the registration statement, financial
statements, schedules, exhibits and all other documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated by reference therein and all information
deemed to be a part thereof as of the Effective Date pursuant to paragraph (b) of Rule 430A of the Securities Act Regulations (the Rule
430A Information)), is referred to herein as the Registration Statement. If the Company files any registration statement
pursuant to Rule 462(b) of the Securities Act Regulations, then after such filing, the term Registration Statement shall
include such registration statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b). The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission
on the date hereof.

Each prospectus used prior
to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, and each prospectus that omitted the Rule 430A Information that was used after such
effectiveness and prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement, is herein called a Preliminary Prospectus. The
Preliminary Prospectus, subject to completion, dated February 11, 2025, that was included in the Registration Statement immediately
prior to the Applicable Time is hereinafter called the Pricing Prospectus. The final prospectus in the form first filed
pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act is hereinafter called the Prospectus. Any reference to the most
recent Preliminary Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to the latest Preliminary Prospectus included in the Registration Statement.

Applicable Time
means 4:30 p.m., Eastern time, on the date of this Agreement.

Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations (Rule
433), including, without limitation, any free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations)
relating to the Public Securities that is (i) required to be filed with the Commission by the Company, (ii) a road show that is
a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether or not required to be filed with the Commission, or (iii)
exempt from filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description of the Public Securities or of
the Offering that does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the form filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if
not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g).

Issuer General Use Free
Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for general distribution to prospective investors
(other than a bona fide electronic road show, as defined in Rule 433 (the Bona Fide Electronic Road Show)),
as evidenced by its being specified in Schedule 2-B hereto.

Issuer Limited Use Free
Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus.

Pricing Disclosure Package
means any Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus issued at or prior to the Applicable Time, the Pricing Prospectus and the information
included on Schedule 2-A hereto, all considered together.

2.1.2 Pursuant to the
Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Form 8-A (File Number 001-42525) providing for the registration
pursuant to Section 12(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of the Common
Shares. The registration of the Common Shares under the Exchange Act has been declared effective by the Commission on or prior to
the date hereof. The Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the
Common Shares under the Exchange Act, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration.

3

2.2 Stock
Exchange Listing. The Common Shares have been approved for listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market (the Exchange) under
the symbol TBH, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, delisting the Common Shares
from the Exchange, nor has the Company received any notification that the Exchange is contemplating terminating such listing except as
described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.3 No
Stop Orders, etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, any state regulatory authority has issued any order
preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or has instituted or, to
the Companys knowledge, threatened to institute, any proceedings with respect to such an order. The Company has complied with each
request (if any) from the Commission for additional information.

2.4 Disclosures
in Registration Statement.

2.4.1 Compliance
with Securities Act and 10b-5 Representation.

(i) Each
of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective, complied in all material respects
with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. Each Preliminary Prospectus, including the prospectus
filed as part of the Registration Statement as originally filed or as part of any amendment or supplement thereto, and the Prospectus,
at the time each was filed with the Commission, complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the
Securities Act Regulations. Each Preliminary Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with this Offering and the
Prospectus was or will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except
to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(ii) Neither
the Registration Statement nor any amendment thereto, at its effective time, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date or at any
Option Closing Date (if any), contained, contains or will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

(iii) The
Pricing Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date or at the Option Closing Date (if any), did not, does not and
will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and each Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus hereto
does not conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Pricing Prospectus or
the Prospectus, and each such Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus, as supplemented by and taken together with the Pricing Prospectus
as of the Applicable Time, did not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that this
representation and warranty shall not apply to statements made or statements omitted in reliance upon and in conformity with written information
furnished to the Company with respect to the Underwriters by the Representative expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary
Prospectus, the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto. The parties acknowledge and agree
that such information provided by or on behalf of any Underwriter consists solely of the following: the names of the Underwriters, disclosure
contained in the section entitled Underwriting under the headings Discounts, Commissions, and Reimbursement
and Price Stabilization, Short Positions, and Penalty Bids, and the identity of counsel to the Underwriters contained in
the section entitled Legal Matters (the Underwriters Information); and

(iv) Neither
the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto (including any prospectus wrapper), as of its issue date, at the time of any filing
with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b), at the Closing Date or at any Option Closing Date, included, includes or will include an
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that this representation and
warranty shall not apply to the Underwriters Information.

4

2.4.2 Disclosure of
Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are no agreements or other
documents required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the
Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that
have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is
a party or by which it is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, or (ii) is material to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly
executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against the Company and, to the
Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited
by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any
indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of
specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the
discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been
assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder
and, to the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would
constitute a default thereunder. To the best of the Companys knowledge, performance by the Company of the material provisions
of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order
or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or
businesses (each, a Governmental Entity), including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and
regulations.

2.4.3 Prior
Securities Transactions. During the period starting three (3) years prior to the date of this Agreement, no securities of the Company
have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit of, any person or persons controlling, controlled by or under
common control with the Company, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Preliminary
Prospectus.

2.4.4 Regulations.
The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus concerning the effects of federal, state,
local and all foreign regulation on the Offering and the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all material
respects and no other such regulations are required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus which are not so disclosed.

2.5 Changes
After Dates in Registration Statement.

2.5.1 No
Material Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein: (i) there has been no material adverse change in the financial
position or results of operations of the Company, nor any change or development that, singularly or in the aggregate, would involve a
material adverse change or a prospective material adverse change, in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations,
business, assets or prospects of the Company (a Material Adverse Change); (ii) there have been no material transactions
entered into by the Company, other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement; and (iii) no officer or director of the Company has
resigned from any position with the Company.

2.5.2 Recent
Securities Transactions, etc. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the
Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities or incurred any liability
or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or in
respect to its capital stock.

2.6 Independent
Accountants. To the knowledge of the Company, Marcum, LLP (the Auditor), whose report is filed with the Commission as
part of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, is an independent registered public accounting
firm as required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. The Auditor
has not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

5

2.7 Financial
Statements, etc. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules included in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, fairly present the financial position and the results of operations of
the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; and such financial statements have been prepared in conformity
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied throughout the periods involved
(provided that unaudited interim financial statements are subject to year-end audit adjustments that are not expected to be material
in the aggregate and do not contain all footnotes required by GAAP); and the supporting schedules included in the Registration
Statement present fairly the information required to be stated therein. Except as included therein, no historical or pro forma
financial statements are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
under the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations. The pro forma and pro forma as adjusted financial information and the
related notes, if any, included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus have been properly
compiled and prepared in accordance with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and
present fairly the information shown therein, and the assumptions used in the preparation thereof are reasonable and the adjustments
used therein are appropriate to give effect to the transactions and circumstances referred to therein. All disclosures contained in
the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as
such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission), if any, comply with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item
10 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. Each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus discloses all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent
obligations), and other relationships of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material current
or future effect on the Companys financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity,
capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses. Except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (a) neither the Company nor any of its direct and indirect
subsidiaries, including each entity disclosed or described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus as being a subsidiary of the Company (each, a Subsidiary and, collectively, the
Subsidiaries), has incurred any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent, or entered into any
material transactions other than in the ordinary course of business, (b) the Company has not declared or paid any dividends or made
any distribution of any kind with respect to its capital stock, (c) there has not been any change in the capital stock of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or, other than in the course of business, any grants under any stock compensation plan, and (d)
there has not been any material adverse change in the Companys long-term or short-term debt. Since
the date of the latest audited financial statements included in the Pricing Prospectus, there has been no change in the
Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially and adversely affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially and adversely affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting.

2.8 Authorized
Capital; Options, etc. The Company had, at the date or dates indicated in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, the duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth therein. Based on the assumptions stated in
the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date the adjusted
stock capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by, the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, on the Effective Date, as of the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, there
will be no stock options, warrants, or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized, but unissued Common Shares of the
Company or any security convertible or exercisable into Common Shares of the Company, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell
Common Shares or any such options, warrants, rights or convertible securities.

2.9 Valid
Issuance of Securities, etc.

2.9.1 Outstanding
Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have
been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights of rescission with respect
thereto, and are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities were issued in violation
of the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. The authorized
Common Shares conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The offers and sales of the outstanding Common Shares were at all relevant times either registered
under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities or blue sky laws or, based in part on the representations and
warranties of the purchasers of such shares, exempt from such registration requirements.

2.9.2 Securities Sold
Pursuant to this Agreement. The Public Securities have been duly authorized for issuance and sale and, when issued and paid for,
will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by
reason of being such holders; the Public Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any
security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the
authorization, issuance and sale of the Public Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Public Securities conform in all
material respects to all statements with respect thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus. All corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance of the Representatives Warrant
Agreement has been duly and validly taken; the Common Shares issuable upon exercise of the Representatives Warrant have been
duly authorized and reserved for issuance by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company and when paid for and issued
in accordance with the Representatives Warrant Agreement, such Common Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and such
Common Shares are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar
contractual rights granted by the Company.

6

2.10 Registration
Rights of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no
holders of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities of the Company have
the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Securities Act or to include any such securities
in a registration statement to be filed by the Company.

2.11 Validity
and Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement and the Representatives Warrant Agreement have been duly and validly authorized
by the Company, and, when executed and delivered, will constitute, the valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against
the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may
be limited under the federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms
of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may
be brought.

2.12 No
Conflicts, etc. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the Representatives Warrant Agreement
and all ancillary documents, the consummation by the Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by
the Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both:
(i) result in a material breach of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a material default under, or result
in the creation, modification, termination or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company
pursuant to the terms of any agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party; (ii) result in any violation of the provisions of
the Companys Certificate of Incorporation (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time, the Charter);
or (iii) violate any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any Governmental Entity as of the date hereof
except in the case of clauses (i) and (iii) for any such breach, conflict, violation, default, lien, charge or encumbrance that would
not reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Change.

2.13 No
Defaults; Violations. No material default exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition of any material
license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument evidencing
an obligation for borrowed money, or any other material agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company
may be bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject. The Company is not (i) in violation of any term or
provision of its Charter, (ii) in violation of any franchise, license or permit or (iii) in violation of applicable law, rule, regulation,
judgment or decree of any Governmental Entity except in the case of clause (ii) and (iii) for any such violation that would not reasonably
be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Change.

2.14 Corporate
Power; Licenses; Consents.

2.14.1 Conduct of
Business. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has
all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary material authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses,
certificates and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof to conduct
its business purpose as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

7

2.14.2 Transactions
Contemplated Herein. The Company has all corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the provisions
and conditions hereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals and orders required in connection therewith have been obtained. No
consent, authorization or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or other body is required for the valid issuance,
sale and delivery of the Public Securities and the consummation of the transactions and agreements contemplated by this Agreement and
the Representatives Warrant Agreement and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, except (i) such consents, approvals, authorizations, orders, filings, registrations or qualifications that have already been
obtained or made and (ii) with respect to applicable federal and state securities laws and the rules and regulations of the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA).

2.15 D&O
Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires (the Questionnaires)
completed by each of the Companys directors and officers immediately prior to the Offering (the Insiders) as supplemented
by all information concerning the Companys directors, officers and principal stockholders as described in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, as well as in the Lock-Up Agreement (as defined in Section 2.24 below), provided to
the Underwriters, is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause
the information disclosed in the Questionnaires to become materially inaccurate and incorrect.

2.16 Litigation;
Governmental Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation or governmental proceeding
pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against, or involving the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any executive
officer or director which has not been disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or in
connection with the Companys listing application for the listing of the Public Securities on the Exchange, except as would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Change on the Company.

2.17 Good
Standing. The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation and is in good standing under the laws of Delaware
as of the date hereof, and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which its ownership
or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified, singularly or
in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.18 Insurance.
The Company carries or is entitled to the benefits of insurance, with, to the Companys knowledge, reputable insurers, in such amounts
and covering such risks which the Company believes are adequate, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage
at least equal to $3,000,000, net of retained risk and all such insurance is in full force and effect. The Company has no reason to believe
that it will not be able (i) to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire or (ii) to obtain comparable coverage
from similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and at a cost that would not result
in a Material Adverse Change.

2.19 Transactions
Affecting Disclosure to FINRA.

2.19.1 Finders
Fees. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no claims, payments,
arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting or origination fee by the Company or
any Insider with respect to the sale of the Public Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the
Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its stockholders that may affect the Underwriters compensation, as determined
by FINRA.

2.19.2 Payments
Within Twelve (12) Months. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the
Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee, consulting
fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who raised or
provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member; or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation or association
with any FINRA member, within the twelve (12) months prior to the Effective Date, other than the payment to the Underwriters as provided
hereunder in connection with the Offering.

8

2.19.3 Use
of Proceeds. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any participating FINRA member or its affiliates,
except as specifically authorized herein.

2.19.4 FINRA
Affiliation. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, to the Companys
knowledge, there is no (i) officer or director of the Company, (ii) beneficial owner of 5% or more of any class of the Companys
securities or (iii) beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered equity securities which were acquired during the 180-day period
immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement, that is an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating
in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA).

2.19.5 Information.
To the Companys knowledge, all information provided by the Company in its FINRA questionnaire to Dickinson Wright PLLC (Representative
Counsel) specifically for use by Representative Counsel in connection with its Public Offering System filings (and related disclosure)
with FINRA is true, correct and complete in all material respects.

2.20 Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act. None of the Company and its Subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee or affiliate of the Company and its Subsidiaries or any other person acting on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries, has,
directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to customers in
the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of any
governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic or foreign) or any political party or candidate for office (domestic
or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder the business of the Company (or assist it in connection
with any actual or proposed transaction) that (i) might subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental
litigation or proceeding, (ii) if not given in the past, might have had a Material Adverse Change or (iii) if not continued in the future,
might adversely affect the assets, business, operations or prospects of the Company. The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure
that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all material respects with the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

2.21 Compliance
with OFAC. None of the Company and its Subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or
affiliate of the Company and its Subsidiaries or any other person acting on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries, is currently subject
to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC),
and the Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Offering hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available
such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the purpose of financing the activities of any person
currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.

2.22 Money
Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money
laundering statutes of all applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations
or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Entity (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws); and
no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Entity involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is
pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened.

2.23 Officers
Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to the Representative or to Representative
Counsel shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby.

2.24 Lock-Up
Agreements. Schedule 3 hereto contains an accurate list of the persons who will be subject to the lock-up of full or partial holdings
of their Common Shares (or securities convertible or exercisable into Common Shares) (collectively, the Lock-Up Parties).
The Company has caused each of the Lock-Up Parties to deliver to the Representative an executed Lock-Up Agreement, in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit B (the Lock-Up Agreement), prior to the execution of this Agreement.

2.25 Subsidiaries. Brag
House Inc. and Brag House Ltd. are wholly-owned Subsidiaries of the Company. Each of the Subsidiaries has been duly
incorporated, is validly existing as an entity in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, has the
corporate power and authority to own its property and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the
Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; all of the outstanding equity interests of each Subsidiary have been duly and validly
authorized and issued, are owned directly or indirectly by the Company, are paid according to the applicable laws and the articles
of association and non-assessable and, are free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, equities or claims. None of the outstanding
share capital or equity interest in any Subsidiary was issued in violation of preemptive or similar rights of any security holder of
such Subsidiary. All of the constitutive or organizational documents of each of the Subsidiaries comply with the requirements of
applicable laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization and are in full force and effect. Apart from the Subsidiaries,
the Company has no direct or indirect subsidiaries or any other company over which it has direct or indirect effective control.

9

2.26 Related
Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company or any other person required
to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus that have not been described as required.

2.27 Board
of Directors. The Board of Directors of the Company is comprised of the persons set forth under the heading of the Pricing Prospectus
and the Prospectus captioned Management. The qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition
of the board comply with the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder (the Exchange
Act Regulations), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) applicable
to the Company and the listing rules of the Exchange. At least one member of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company
qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined under Regulation S-K and the listing rules of
the Exchange. In addition, as of the first day of trading of the Companys Common Shares, at least a majority of the persons serving
on the Board of Directors qualify as independent, as defined under the listing rules of the Exchange.

2.28 Sarbanes-Oxley
Compliance.

2.28.1 Disclosure
Controls. The Company has taken all necessary actions to ensure that, in the time periods required, the Company will comply with Rule
13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations, and such controls and procedures are effective to ensure that all material information
concerning the Company will be made known on a timely basis to the individuals responsible for the preparation of the Companys
Exchange Act filings and other public disclosure documents.

2.28.2 Compliance.
The Company is, or at the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act that are then in effect and with which the Company is required to comply as of the Applicable Time or on the Closing Date, and has
implemented or will implement such programs and taken reasonable steps to ensure the Companys future compliance (not later than
the relevant statutory and regulatory deadlines therefor) with all of the material provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act then applicable
to it.

2.29 Accounting
Controls. The Company and its Subsidiaries maintain systems of internal control over financial reporting (as
defined under Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act and
have been designed by, or under the supervision of, their respective principal executive and principal financial officers, or
persons performing similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including, but not limited to, internal
accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with
managements general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in
accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared
with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Except as
disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company is not aware of any material
weaknesses in its internal controls. To the Companys knowledge, the Companys auditors and the Audit Committee of the
Board of Directors of the Company have been advised of: (i) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are known to the Companys management and that have adversely
affected or are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Companys ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and (ii) any fraud known to the Companys management, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the Companys internal controls over financial reporting. Notwithstanding any
provision above, nothing in this Agreement requires the Company to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules
and regulations promulgated in connection therewith as of an earlier date than it would otherwise be required to do so under
applicable law.

10

2.30 No
Investment Company Status. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the Offering and the application of the proceeds thereof
as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will not be, required to register as an
investment company, as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

2.31 No
Labor Disputes. No labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of the Company,
is imminent.

2.32 Intellectual
Property Rights. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses or has valid rights to use all patents, patent applications,
trademarks, service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, copyrights, licenses, inventions, trade secrets
and similar rights (Intellectual Property Rights) necessary for the conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries
as currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. To the knowledge
of the Company, no action or use by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries necessary for the conduct of its business as currently carried
on and as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus will involve or give rise to any infringement of, or license or similar
fees for, any Intellectual Property Rights of others, except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice alleging any such infringement, fee or conflict
with asserted Intellectual Property Rights of others. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate,
in a Material Adverse Change (A) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no infringement, misappropriation or violation by third parties
of any of the Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company; (B) there is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the rights of the Company in or to any such Intellectual Property Rights, and
the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim, that would, individually or in the aggregate,
together with any other claims in this Section 2.32, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (C) the Intellectual
Property Rights owned by the Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, the Intellectual Property Rights licensed to the Company have
not been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and there is no pending or, to the
Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual
Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually
or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 2.32, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change;
(D) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that the Company
infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates any Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary rights of others, the Company has
not received any written notice of such claim and the Company is unaware of any other facts which would form a reasonable basis for any
such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 2.32, reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Change; and (E) to the Companys knowledge, no employee of the Company is in or has ever been in violation
in any material respect of any term of any employment contract, patent disclosure agreement, invention assignment agreement, non-competition
agreement, non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement or any restrictive covenant to or with a former employer where the basis
of such violation relates to such employees employment with the Company, or actions undertaken by the employee while employed with
the Company and could reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change. To the Companys
knowledge, all material technical information developed by and belonging to the Company which has not been patented has been kept confidential.
The Company is not a party to or bound by any options, licenses or agreements with respect to the Intellectual Property Rights of any
other person or entity that are required to be set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
and are not described therein. The Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus contain in all material respects
the same description of the matters set forth in the preceding sentence. None of the technology employed by the Company has been obtained
or is being used by the Company in violation of any contractual obligation binding on the Company or, to the Companys knowledge,
any of its officers, directors or employees, or otherwise in violation of the rights of any persons.

11

2.33 Taxes.
Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Change on the Company, each of
the Company and its Subsidiaries has (i) filed all returns (as hereinafter defined) required to be filed with taxing authorities prior
to the date hereof or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof and (ii) has paid all taxes (as hereinafter defined)
shown as due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on or assessed against the Company or such respective Subsidiary
except as currently being contested in good faith and for which reserves required by GAAP have been created in the financial statements
of the Company. The provisions for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial statements filed with or as part of the Registration
Statement are sufficient for all accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed, and for all periods to and including the dates of
such consolidated financial statements. Except as disclosed in writing to the Underwriters, (i) no issues have been raised (and are currently
pending) by any taxing authority in connection with any of the returns or taxes asserted as due from the Company or its Subsidiaries,
and (ii) no waivers of statutes of limitation with respect to the returns or collection of taxes have been given by or requested from
the Company or its Subsidiaries. The term taxes means all federal, state, local, foreign and other net income, gross income,
gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment,
excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments or charges
of any kind whatever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts with respect thereto. The term
returns means all returns, declarations, reports, statements and other documents required to be filed in respect to taxes.

2.34 ERISA
Compliance. The Company is not subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or the regulations and
published interpretations thereunder.

2.35 Compliance
with Laws. The Company: (A) is and at all times has been in compliance with all statutes, rules, or regulations applicable to the
ownership, testing, development, manufacture, packaging, processing, use, distribution, marketing, labeling, promotion, sale, offer for
sale, storage, import, export or disposal of any product manufactured or distributed by the Company (Applicable Laws), except
as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (B) has not received any
warning letter, untitled letter or other correspondence or notice from any other governmental authority alleging or asserting noncompliance
with any Applicable Laws or any licenses, certificates, approvals, clearances, authorizations, permits and supplements or amendments thereto
required by any such Applicable Laws (Authorizations); (C) possesses all material Authorizations and such Authorizations
are valid and in full force and effect and are not in material violation of any term of any such Authorizations; (D) has not received
notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any governmental
authority or third party alleging that any product, operation or activity is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and
has no knowledge that any such governmental authority or third party is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit,
investigation or proceeding that if brought, would result in a Material Adverse Change; (E) has not received notice that any governmental
authority has taken, is taking or intends to take action to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorizations and has no knowledge that
any such governmental authority is considering such action; and (F) has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all material reports,
documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable Laws
or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or
amendments were complete and correct on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission).

2.36 Intentionally
Left Blank.

2.37 Real
Property. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company and
its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid rights to lease or otherwise use, all items of real
or personal property which are material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, in each case free and
clear of all liens, encumbrances, security interests, claims and defects that do not, singly or in the aggregate, materially affect
the value of such property and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or its
Subsidiaries; and all of the leases and subleases material to the business of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one
enterprise, and under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries holds properties described in the Registration Statement, the
Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, are in full force and effect, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received
any notice of any material claim of any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company or any Subsidiary
under any of the leases or subleases mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company or such Subsidiary to
the continued possession of the leased or subleased premises under any such lease or sublease.

12

2.38 Contracts
Affecting Capital. There are no transactions, arrangements or other relationships between and/or among the Company, any of its affiliates
(as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations) and any unconsolidated entity, including, but not limited to,
any structured finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity that could reasonably be expected to materially affect the Companys
or its Subsidiaries liquidity or the availability of or requirements for their capital resources required to be described in the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus which have not been described as required.

2.39 Loans
to Directors or Officers. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses in the ordinary course
of business) or guarantees or indebtedness by the Company or its Subsidiaries to or for the benefit of any of the officers or directors
of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.40 Smaller
Reporting Company. As of the time of filing of the Registration Statement, the Company was a smaller reporting company,
as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act Regulations.

2.41 Industry
Data. The statistical and market-related data included in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate or represent
the Companys good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources.

2.42 Emerging
Growth Company. From the time of initial confidential submission of a registration statement
relating to the Common Shares with the Commission (or, if earlier, the first date on which a Testing-the-Waters Communication,
as defined in Section 2.42 below, was made) through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company
as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Act (an Emerging Growth Company).

2.43 Testing-the-Waters
Communications. The Company has not (i) alone engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communications, other than Testing-the-Waters Communications
with the written consent of the Representative and with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A
under the Securities Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act and (ii)
authorized anyone other than the Representative to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company confirms that the Representative
has been authorized to act on its behalf in undertaking Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not distributed any Written
Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on Schedule 2-C hereto. Written Testing-the-Waters Communication
means any Testing-the-Waters Communication that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act. Testing-the-Waters
Communication means any oral or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance on Rule 163B of the Securities
Act.

2.44 Electronic
Road Show. The Company has made available a Bona Fide Electronic Road Show in compliance with Rule 433(d)(8)(ii) of the Securities
Act Regulations such that no filing of any road show (as defined in Rule 433(h) of the Securities Act Regulations) is required
in connection with the Offering unless such filing has been made.

2.45 Margin
Securities. The Company owns no margin securities as that term is defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board), and none of the proceeds of Offering will be used, directly or
indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security, for the purpose of reducing or retiring any indebtedness which
was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin security or for any other purpose which might cause any of the Common Shares to
be considered a purpose credit within the meanings of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board.

2.46 Regulatory
Filings. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has failed to file with the applicable Governmental Authority any required filing, declaration,
listing, registration, report or submission, except for such failures that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, all such filings, declarations, listings, registrations, reports or submissions were in material
compliance with applicable laws when filed and no deficiencies have been asserted by any applicable regulatory authority with
respect to any such filings, declarations, listings, registrations, reports or submissions, except for any deficiencies that,
individually or in the aggregate, would not result in a Material Adverse Change.

13

2.47 Cybersecurity.
The Company and its Subsidiaries information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks, hardware, software,
websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are adequate for, and operate and perform in all material
respects as required in connection with the operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, and,
to the knowledge of the Company, free and clear of all material bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants.
The Company and its Subsidiaries have implemented commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls, policies, procedures,
and safeguards to maintain and protect their material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and
security of all IT Systems and data, including Personal Data, used in connection with their businesses. Personal
Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address, photograph, social security number
or tax identification number, drivers license number, passport number, credit card number, bank information, or customer or account
number; (ii) any information which would qualify as personally identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission
Act, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
(EU 2016/679); (iv) any information which would qualify as protected health information under the Health Insurance Portability
and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (collectively, HIPAA);
and (v) any other piece of information that allows the identification of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection
or analysis of any data related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. Except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, there have been no material breaches, violations, outages or unauthorized
uses of or accesses to same, except for those that have been remedied without material cost or liability or the duty to notify any other
person, nor any incidents under internal review or investigations relating to the same. The Company and its Subsidiaries are presently
in material compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator
or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems
and Personal Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Personal Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification.

2.48 Compliance
with Data Privacy Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries are, and at all prior times were, in material compliance with all applicable
state and federal data privacy and security laws and regulations, including, without limitation, HIPAA, and the Company and its Subsidiaries
are in compliance with the GDPR as applicable (collectively, the Privacy Laws). To ensure compliance with the Privacy Laws,
the Company and its Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance in all
material respects with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure,
handling, and analysis of Personal Data (the Policies). The Company and its Subsidiaries have, to the knowledge of the Company,
at all times made all disclosures to users or customers required by applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements, and none of
such disclosures made or contained in any Policy have, to the knowledge of the Company, been inaccurate or in violation of any applicable
laws and regulatory rules or requirements in any material respect. The Company further certifies that neither it nor any Subsidiary: (i)
has received notice of any actual or potential liability under or relating to, or actual or potential violation of, any of the Privacy
Laws, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in any such notice; (ii) is currently
conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation, or other corrective action pursuant to any Privacy Law;
or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement that imposes any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

3. Covenants
of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

3.1 Amendments
to Registration Statement. The Company shall deliver to the Representative, prior to filing, any amendment or supplement to the Registration
Statement or Prospectus proposed to be filed after the Effective Date and not file any such amendment or supplement to which the Representative
shall reasonably object in writing.

14

3.2 Federal
Securities Laws.

3.2.1 Compliance.
The Company, subject to Section 3.2.2, shall comply with the requirements of Rule 430A of the Securities Act Regulations, and will, during
the period required to permit the completion of the distribution of the Public Securities as contemplated in this Agreement and in the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, notify the Representative promptly, and confirm the notice
in writing, (i) when any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement shall become effective or any amendment or supplement
to the Prospectus shall have been filed; (ii) of the receipt of any comments from the Commission; (iii) of any request by the Commission
for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or for additional information; (iv) of
the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment
or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification
of the Public Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such
purposes or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the Securities Act concerning the Registration Statement; and (v) if
the Company becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act in connection with the Offering of the Public Securities.
The Company shall effect all filings required under Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act Regulations, in the manner and within the time period
required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)), and shall take such steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether
the form of prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424(b) was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was
not, it will promptly file such prospectus. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order,
prevention or suspension and, if any such order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment.

3.2.2 Continued
Compliance. The Company shall comply with the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations, the Exchange Act and the Exchange Act
Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Public Securities as contemplated in this Agreement and in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. If, at any time when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is (or,
but for the exception afforded by Rule 172 of the Securities Act Regulations (Rule 172), would be) required by the Securities
Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Public Securities, any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which
it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company, to (i) amend the Registration Statement in order that
the Registration Statement will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (ii) amend or supplement the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
in order that the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, will not include any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances
existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser or (iii) amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Pricing Disclosure
Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, in order to comply with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations,
the Company will promptly (A) give the Representative notice of such event; (B) prepare any amendment or supplement as may be necessary
to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus comply with
such requirements and, a reasonable amount of time prior to any proposed filing or use, furnish the Representative with copies of any
such amendment or supplement and (C) file with the Commission any such amendment or supplement; provided that the Company shall not file
or use any such amendment or supplement to which the Representative or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object. The Company
will furnish to the Underwriters such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably request. The
Company has given the Representative notice of any filings made pursuant to the Exchange Act or the Exchange Act Regulations within 48
hours prior to the Applicable Time. The Company shall give the Representative notice of its intention to make any such filing from the
Applicable Time until the later of the Closing Date and the exercise in full or expiration of the Over-allotment Option specified in Section
1.2 hereof and will furnish the Representative with copies of the related document(s) a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed
filing, as the case may be, and will not file or use any such document to which the Representative or counsel for the Underwriters shall
reasonably object.

3.2.3 Exchange
Act Registration. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts
to maintain the registration of the Common Shares under the Exchange Act. The Company shall not deregister the Common Shares under the
Exchange Act without the prior written consent of the Representative.

15

3.2.4 Free Writing
Prospectuses. The Company agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representative, it shall not make any
offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a
free writing prospectus, or a portion thereof, required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by
the Company under Rule 433; provided that the Representative shall be deemed to have consented to each Issuer General Use Free
Writing Prospectus hereto and any road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i)
that has been reviewed by the Representative. The Company represents that it has treated or agrees that it will treat each such free
writing prospectus consented to, or deemed consented to, by the Underwriters as an issuer free writing prospectus, as
defined in Rule 433, and that it has complied and will comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 433 with respect thereto,
including timely filing with the Commission where required, legending and record keeping. If at any time following issuance of an
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or included or would include an
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the
Underwriters and will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct
such conflict, untrue statement or omission.

3.2.5 Testing-the-Waters
Communications. If at any time following the distribution of any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication there occurred or occurs
an event or development as a result of which such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication included or would include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company shall promptly notify the Representative and shall promptly
amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication to eliminate or correct such untrue statement or
omission.

3.3 Delivery
to the Underwriters of Registration Statements. The Company has delivered or made available or shall deliver or make available to
the Representative and Representative Counsel, upon request and without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally
filed and each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and
will also deliver to the Underwriters, without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment
thereto (without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters, upon receipt of a written request therefor. The copies of the Registration Statement
and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with
the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

3.4 Delivery
to the Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company has delivered or made available or will deliver or make available to each Underwriter,
without charge, as many copies of each Preliminary Prospectus as such Underwriter reasonably requested, and the Company hereby consents
to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the Securities Act. The Company will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge,
during the period when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172, would be) required
to be delivered under the Securities Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) as such Underwriter may
reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically
transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

3.5 Effectiveness
and Events Requiring Notice to the Representative. The Company shall notify the Representative immediately and confirm the notice
in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of
any stop order or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iii) of the issuance by any state securities
commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction
or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of the filing with the Commission of any amendment
or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus; and (v) of the receipt of any comments or request for any additional information
from the Commission. If the Commission or any state securities commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any
time, the Company shall make every reasonable effort to obtain promptly the lifting of such order.

3.6 Review of
Financial Statements. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company, at its expense, shall use
its reasonable best efforts to cause its regularly engaged independent registered public accounting firm to review (but not audit)
the Companys financial statements for each of the three (3) fiscal quarters immediately preceding the announcement of any
quarterly financial information.

16

3.7 Listing.
The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing of the Common Shares (including the Public Securities) on the
Exchange for at least three (3) years from the date of this Agreement.

3.8 Reports
to the Representative.

3.8.1 Periodic
Reports, etc. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall furnish or make available to the
Representative copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes generally
to holders of any class of its securities and also promptly furnish to the Representative: (i) a copy of each periodic report the Company
shall be required to file with the Commission under the Exchange Act and the Exchange Act Regulations; (ii) a copy of every press release
and every news item and article with respect to the Company or its affairs which was released by the Company; (iii) a copy of each Form
8-K prepared and filed by the Company; (iv) a copy of each registration statement filed by the Company under the Securities Act; and (v)
such additional documents and information with respect to the Company and the affairs of any future subsidiaries of the Company as the
Representative may from time to time reasonably request; provided the Representative shall sign, if requested by the Company, a Regulation
FD compliant confidentiality agreement which is reasonably acceptable to the Representative and Representative Counsel in connection with
the Representatives receipt of such information. Documents filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system (or with respect
to articles and press releases, posted on the Companys website) shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Representative pursuant
to this Section 3.8.1.

3.8.2 Transfer
Agent; Transfer Sheets. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall retain a transfer agent
and registrar acceptable to the Representative (the Transfer Agent) and shall furnish to the Representative at the Companys
sole cost and expense such transfer sheets of the Companys securities as the Representative may reasonably request, including the
daily and monthly consolidated transfer sheets of the Transfer Agent and DTC. VStock
Transfer, LLC is acceptable to the Representative to act as Transfer Agent for the Common Shares.

3.8.3 Trading
Reports. For a period of two (2) years after the date hereof, during such time as the Public Securities are listed on the Exchange,
the Company shall provide, if available and upon the Representatives request, to the Representative, at the Companys expense,
such reports published by the Exchange relating to price trading of the Public Securities, as the Representative shall reasonably request.
Documents made freely available by the Exchange through its website shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Representative pursuant
to this Section 3.8.3.

3.9 Payment of
Expenses; General Expenses Related to the Offering. The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the Closing Date and the Option
Closing Date, if any, to the extent not paid at the Closing Date, all expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the
Company under this Agreement, including, but not limited to: (a) all filing fees and communication expenses relating to the
registration of the Common Shares to be sold in the Offering (including the Option Shares) with the Commission; (b) all Public
Filing System filing fees associated with the review of the Offering by FINRA; (c) all fees and expenses relating to the listing of
such Public Securities on the Exchange and such other stock exchanges as the Company and the Representative together determine; (d)
all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration or qualification of the Public Securities under the blue
sky securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions as the Company and the Representative together determine
(including, without limitation, all filing and registration fees); (e) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the
registration, qualification or exemption of the Public Securities under the securities laws of such foreign jurisdictions as the
Company and the Representative together determine; (f) the costs of all mailing and printing of the underwriting documents
(including, without limitation, the Underwriting Agreement, any Blue Sky Surveys and, if appropriate, any Agreement Among
Underwriters, Selected Dealers Agreement, Underwriters Questionnaire and Power of Attorney), Registration Statements,
Prospectuses and all amendments, supplements and exhibits thereto and as many preliminary and final Prospectuses as the Company and
the Representative together determine; (g) the costs and expenses of a public relations firm as the Company and the Representative
together determine; (h) the costs for conducting directors and officers background check investigations; (i) the costs of preparing,
printing and delivering certificates representing the Public Securities; (j) up to $15,000 of the Representatives actual
accountable road show expenses for the Offering and up to $7,500 for DTC filings; (k) costs associated with the use of IPOs
book building, prospectus tracking, and compliance software for the Offering; (l) fees and expenses of the transfer agent for the
Common Shares; (m) stock transfer and/or stamp taxes, if any, payable upon the transfer of securities from the Company to the
Underwriters; (n) the costs associated with one set of bound volumes of the Offering materials as well as commemorative mementos and
lucite tombstones, which the Company or its designee shall provide within a reasonable time after the Closing Date in such
quantities as the Representative may reasonably request, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $5,000; (o) the fees and expenses of
the Companys accountants; (p) the fees and expenses of the Companys legal counsel and other agents and
representatives; and (q) fees and expenses of the Representative Counsel not to exceed $135,000, provided, that in the event
delivery and payment for the Firm Shares does not occur, the Companys obligation to pay fees and expenses of the
Representative Counsel shall not exceed $75,000. The Representative may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the
Company on the Closing Date, or the Option Closing Date, if any, the expenses set forth herein to be paid by the Company to the
Underwriters.

17

3.10 Non-accountable
Expenses. The Company further agrees that, in addition to the expense payable pursuant to Section 3.9, on the Closing Date it shall
pay to the Representative, by deduction from the net proceeds of the Offering contemplated herein, a non-accountable expense allowance
equal to one percent (1%) of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Public Securities; provided, however, that
in the event that the Offering is terminated, the Company agrees to reimburse the Underwriters pursuant to Section 8.3 hereof.

3.11 Application
of Net Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the Offering received by it in a manner consistent with the application
thereof described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus.

3.12 Delivery
of Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company shall make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable,
but not later than the first day of the fifteenth (15th) full calendar month following the date of this Agreement, an earnings
statement (which need not be certified by an independent registered public accounting firm unless required by the Securities Act or the
Securities Act Regulations, but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Securities Act) covering
a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months beginning after the date of this Agreement.

3.13 Stabilization.
Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or stockholders (without the consent of the Representative)
has taken or shall take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to
cause or result in, under Regulation M of the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of
the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Public Securities.

3.14 Internal
Controls. The Company shall maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that: (i)
transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary
in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

3.15 Accountants.
As of the date of this Agreement, the Company has retained an independent registered public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to the
Representative, and the Company shall continue to retain a nationally recognized independent registered public accounting firm for a period
of at least three (3) years after the date of this Agreement. The Representative acknowledges that the Auditor is acceptable to the Representative.

3.16 FINRA.
For a period of 90 days from the later of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, the Company shall advise the Representative (who
shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is or becomes aware that (i) any officer or director of the Company, (ii) any beneficial
owner of 5% or more of any class of the Companys securities, or (iii) any beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered
equity securities which were acquired during the 180 days immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement is or becomes
an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations
of FINRA).

3.17 No Fiduciary
Duties. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters responsibility to the Company is solely contractual in
nature and that none of the Underwriters or their affiliates or any selling agent shall be deemed to be acting in a fiduciary
capacity, or otherwise owes any fiduciary duty to the Company or any of its affiliates in connection with the Offering and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus.

18

3.18 Company
Lock-Up Agreements and Tail Financing.

3.18.1 Restriction
on Sales of Capital Stock. The Company, on behalf of itself and any successor entity, agrees that, without the prior written consent
of the Representative, it will not, for a period of 180 days after Closing of the Offering (the Lock-Up Period), (i) offer,
pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right
or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital stock of the Company
or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company; (ii) file or caused to be
filed any registration statement with the Commission relating to the offering of any shares of capital stock of the Company or any securities
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company, except for a registration statement on Form
S-8 with respect to the registration of shares of Common Stock to be issued under any equity incentive plans described in the Registration
Statement, Pricing Disclosure Package and Prospectus; (iii) complete any offering of debt securities of the Company, other than entering
into a line of credit or similar financing agreements; or (iv) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in
whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of capital stock of the Company, whether any such transaction described
in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above is to be settled by delivery of shares of capital stock of the Company or such other securities,
in cash or otherwise.

The restrictions contained
in this Section 3.18.1 shall not apply to (i) the Common Shares to be sold hereunder, (ii) the issuance by the Company of Common Shares
upon the exercise of a stock option or warrant or the conversion of a security outstanding on the date hereof, or other issuances of additional
shares in accordance with the terms of securities, in each case, as disclosed in the Registration Statement, Pricing Disclosure Package
and Prospectus, provided that such options, warrants, and securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase
the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities or to extend the
term of such securities, or (iii) the issuance by the Company of stock options or shares of capital stock of the Company under any equity
compensation plan of the Company, provided that in each of (ii) and (iii) above, the underlying shares shall be restricted from sale during
the entire Lock-Up Period.

3.18.2 Tail
Financing. For a period of six (6) months following the Offering, the Representative shall be entitled to a cash fee equal to eight
percent (8.0%) of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of any equity, debt and/or equity derivative instruments to
any investor actually introduced by the Representative to the Company and warrants to purchase a number of shares of our common stock
equal to 3% of the aggregate number of Common Shares sold in such offering at an exercise price equal to 100% of the offering price, provided
that such Tail Financing is by a party actually introduced to the Company in an offering in which the Company has direct knowledge of
such partys participation, and provided further that in the event Representatives services are terminated by the Company
for cause, the Tail Financing shall not survive such termination in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(5).

3.19 Release
of D&O Lock-up Period. If the Representative, in its sole discretion, agrees to release or waive the restrictions set forth in
the Lock-Up Agreements described in Section 2.24 hereof for an officer or director of the Company and provide the Company with notice
of the impending release or waiver at least three (3) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver, the Company agrees
to announce the impending release or waiver by a press release substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto through a major news
service at least two (2) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver.

3.20 Blue
Sky Qualifications. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, if necessary, to qualify
the Public Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign)
as the Company and the Representative together determine and to maintain such qualifications in effect so long as required to complete
the distribution of the Public Securities; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service
of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or
to subject itself to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject.

19

3.21 Reporting
Requirements. The Company, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded
by Rule 172, would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, will file all documents required to be filed with the Commission
pursuant to the Exchange Act within the time periods required by the Exchange Act and Exchange Act Regulations. Additionally, the Company
shall report the use of proceeds from the issuance of the Public Securities as may be required under Rule 463 under the Securities Act
Regulations.

4. Conditions
of Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Public Securities, as provided
herein, shall be subject to (i) the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date hereof and
as of each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any; (ii) the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Company made
pursuant to the provisions hereof; (iii) the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder; and (iv) the following conditions:

4.1 Regulatory
Matters.

4.1.1 Effectiveness
of Registration Statement; Rule 430A Information. The Registration Statement has become effective not later than 5:30 p.m., Eastern
time, on the date of this Agreement or such later date and time as shall be consented to in writing by the Representative, and, at each
of the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment thereto has been issued under the Securities Act, no order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or
the Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings for any of those purposes have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys
knowledge, contemplated by the Commission. The Company has complied with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information.
The Prospectus containing the Rule 430A Information shall have been filed with the Commission in the manner and within the time frame
required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)) or a post-effective amendment providing such information shall have been
filed with, and declared effective by, the Commission in accordance with the requirements of Rule 430A.

4.1.2 FINRA
Clearance. On or before the date of this Agreement, the Representative shall have received clearance from FINRA as to the amount of
compensation allowable or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement.

4.1.3 Exchange
Stock Market Clearance. On the Closing Date, the Companys Common Shares, including the Firm Shares, shall have been approved
for listing on the Exchange, subject only to official notice of issuance. On the first Option Closing Date (if any), the Companys
Common Shares, including the Option Shares, shall have been approved for listing on the Exchange, subject only to official notice of issuance.

4.2 Company
Counsel Matters.

4.2.1 Closing
Date Opinion of Counsel. On the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received the written opinion and negative assurance letter
of Lucosky Brookman LLP, counsel to the Company, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Representative, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Representative.

4.2.2 Option
Closing Date Opinions of Counsel. On the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received the written opinions
and negative assurance letters of the counsel listed in Section 4.2.1 dated the Option Closing Date, addressed to the Representative and
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative, confirming as of the Option Closing Date, the statements made by
such counsels in their respective opinions delivered on the Closing Date.

4.2.3 Reliance.
In rendering such opinions, such counsels may rely: (i) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the laws of the United
States and jurisdictions in which they are admitted, to the extent such counsel deems proper and to the extent specified in such opinion,
if at all, upon an opinion or opinions (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative) of other counsel reasonably
acceptable to the Representative, familiar with the applicable laws; and (ii) as to matters of fact, to the extent they deem proper, on
certificates or other written statements of officers of the Company and officers of departments of various jurisdictions having custody
of documents respecting the corporate existence or good standing of the Company, provided that copies of any such statements or certificates
shall be delivered to Representative Counsel if requested.

4.3 Comfort
Letters.

4.3.1 Cold Comfort
Letter. At the time this Agreement is executed the Representative shall have received a cold comfort letter from the Auditor
containing statements and information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort letters with respect to the
financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus, addressed to the Representative and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Representative and to
the Auditor, dated as of the date of this Agreement.

20

4.3.2 Bring-down
Comfort Letter. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received from the Auditor
a letter, dated as of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as applicable, to the effect that the Auditor reaffirms the statements
made in the letter furnished pursuant to Section 4.3.1, except that the specified date referred to shall be a date not more than three
(3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as applicable.

4.4 Officers
Certificates.

4.4.1 Officers
Certificate. The Company shall have furnished to the Representative a certificate, dated the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date
(if such date is other than the Closing Date), of its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer stating that (i) such officers
have carefully examined the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and the Prospectus
and, in their opinion, the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date (or
any Option Closing Date if such date is other than the Closing Date) did not include any untrue statement of a material fact and did not
omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and the Pricing
Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date is other than the Closing
Date), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus as of its date and as of the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date is other
than the Closing Date), the Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto, as of the respective date thereof and as of the Closing
Date, did not include any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, (ii) since the effective date of the Registration
Statement, no event has occurred which should have been set forth in a supplement or amendment to the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, (iii) to the best of their knowledge after reasonable investigation, as of the Closing Date (or
any Option Closing Date if such date is other than the Closing Date), the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement
are true and correct and the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied
hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date is other than the Closing Date), and (iv) there has
not been, subsequent to the date of the most recent audited financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Pricing
Disclosure Package, any Material Adverse Change in the financial position or results of operations of the Company, or any change or development
that, singularly or in the aggregate, would involve a Material Adverse Change or a prospective Material Adverse Change, in or affecting
the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, assets or prospects of the Company, except as set forth in the
Prospectus.

4.4.2 Secretarys
Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a certificate
of the Company signed by the Secretary of the Company, dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, respectively,
certifying: (i) that each of the Charter and Company bylaws is true and complete, has not been modified and is in full force and effect;
(ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors (and any pricing committee thereof) relating to the Offering are in
full force and effect and have not been modified; (iii) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company
or its counsel and the Commission; and (iv) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents referred to in such certificate
shall be attached to such certificate.

4.5 No Material
Changes. Prior to and on each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any: (i) there shall have been no Material
Adverse Change or development involving a prospective Material Adverse Change in the condition or prospects or the business
activities, financial or otherwise, of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (ii) no action, suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have
been pending or threatened against the Company or any Insider before or by any court or federal or state commission, board or other
administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding may result in a Material Adverse Change, except as set
forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall have been issued
under the Securities Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; and (iv) the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain
all material statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act
Regulations and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations,
and neither the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto
shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

21

4.6 Delivery
of Agreements.

4.6.1 Lock-Up
Agreements. On or before the date of this Agreement, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies of the
Lock-Up Agreements from each of the persons listed in Schedule 3 hereto that the Company was able to obtain using its best efforts.

4.6.2 Representatives
Warrant Agreement. On the Closing Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies of the Representatives
Warrant Agreement.

4.7 Additional
Documents. At the Closing Date and at each Option Closing Date (if any) Representative Counsel shall have been furnished with such
documents and opinions as they may reasonably require for the purpose of enabling Representative Counsel to deliver an opinion to the
Underwriters, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions,
herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Public Securities as herein
contemplated shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative and Representative Counsel.

5. Indemnification.

5.1 Indemnification
of the Underwriters.

5.1.1 General.
Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates and each
of its and their respective directors, officers, members, employees, representatives, partners, shareholders, affiliates, counsel, and
agents and each person, if any, who controls any such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20
of the Exchange Act (collectively the Underwriter Indemnified Parties, and each an Underwriter Indemnified Party),
against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including, but not limited to, any and all legal or other expenses
reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever,
whether arising out of any action between any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and the Company or between any of the Underwriter
Indemnified Parties and any third party, or otherwise) to which they or any of them may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange
Act or any other statute or at common law or otherwise or under the laws of foreign countries (a Claim), arising out of
or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in (i) the Registration Statement, the
Pricing Disclosure Package, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, or in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or in any Written Testing-the-Waters
Communication (as from time to time each may be amended and supplemented); (ii) any materials or information provided to investors
by, or with the approval of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the Offering, including any road show or investor
presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically); or (iii) any application or other document or written
communication (in this Section 5, collectively called application) executed by the Company or based upon written information
furnished by the Company in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Public Securities under the securities laws thereof or filed with
the Commission, any state securities commission or agency, the Exchange or any other national securities exchange; or the omission or
alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, unless such statement or omission was made in reliance upon, and in conformity
with, the Underwriters Information. With respect to any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made
in the Pricing Disclosure Package, the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 5.1.1 shall not inure to the benefit of any Underwriter
Indemnified Party to the extent that any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense of such Underwriter Indemnified Party (a) is based
on the Underwriters Information, (b) results from the fact that a copy of the Prospectus was not given or sent to the person asserting
any such loss, liability, claim or damage at or prior to the written confirmation of sale of the Public Securities to such person as required
by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations, and if the untrue statement or omission has been corrected in the Prospectus,
unless such failure to deliver the Prospectus was a result of non-compliance by the Company with its obligations under Section 3.3 hereof,
or (c) is found in a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted primarily from the willful misconduct
or gross negligence of such Underwriter Indemnified Party.

22

5.1.2 Procedure.
If any action is brought against an Underwriter Indemnified Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought against the Company pursuant
to Section 5.1.1, such Underwriter Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing of the institution of such action and
the Company shall be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that it wishes, jointly with any other similarly notified indemnifying
party, to assume the defense of such action, including the employment and fees of counsel (subject to the reasonable approval of such
Underwriter Indemnified Party) and payment of actual expenses. Such Underwriter Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ its own
counsel in any such case, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Underwriter Indemnified Party unless
(i) the employment of such counsel at the expense of the Company shall have been authorized in writing by the Company in connection with
the defense of such action, or (ii) the Company shall not have employed counsel to have charge of the defense of such action, or (iii)
the action includes both the Company and the Underwriter Indemnified Party as defendants and such Underwriter Indemnified Party shall
have been advised by its counsel that there may be defenses available to it which are different from or additional to those available
to the Company which makes it impossible or inadvisable for the Company and such Underwriter Indemnified Party to be represented in the
action by the same counsel (in which case the Company shall not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the Underwriter
Indemnified Party), in any of which events the reasonable fees and expenses of not more than one additional firm of attorneys selected
by the Underwriter Indemnified Parties who are party to such action (in addition to local counsel) shall be borne by the Company. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, if any Underwriter Indemnified Party shall assume the defense of such action as provided above,
the Company shall have the right to approve the terms of any settlement of such action, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

5.2 Indemnification
of the Company. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, its
officers who signed the Registration Statement and persons who control the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities
Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the foregoing indemnity
from the Company to the several Underwriters, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue
statements or omissions made in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Pricing Disclosure Package or Prospectus or
any amendment or supplement thereto or in any application, in reliance upon, and in strict conformity with, the Underwriters Information.
In case any action shall be brought against the Company or any other person so indemnified based on any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or any application, and in respect of which
indemnity may be sought against any Underwriter, such Underwriter shall have the rights and duties given to the Company, and the Company
and each other person so indemnified shall have the rights and duties given to the several Underwriters by the provisions of Section 5.1.2.
The Company agrees promptly to notify the Representative of the commencement of any litigation or proceedings against the Company or any
of its officers, directors or any person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section
20 of the Exchange Act, in connection with the issuance and sale of the Public Securities or in connection with the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication.

5.3 Contribution.

5.3.1 Contribution
Rights. If the indemnification provided for in this Section 5 shall for any reason be unavailable to or insufficient to hold
harmless an indemnified party under Section 5.1 or 5.2 in respect of any loss, claim, damage or liability, or any action in respect
thereof, referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party, contribute to the
amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof,
(i) in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the
Underwriters, on the other, from the Offering of the Public Securities, or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is
not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in
clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, with respect to
the statements or omissions that resulted in such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, as well as any
other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on
the other, with respect to such Offering shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the Offering of
the Public Securities purchased under this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company, as set forth in the table
on the cover page of the Prospectus, on the one hand, and the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by the
Underwriters with respect to the Common Shares purchased under this Agreement, as set forth in the table on the cover page of the
Prospectus, on the other hand. The relative fault shall be determined by reference to whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the
Underwriters, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent
such statement or omission. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant
to this Section 5.3.1 were to be determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such
purpose) or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The
amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof,
referred to above in this Section 5.3.1 shall be deemed to include, for purposes of this Section 5.3.1, any legal or other expenses
reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.3.1 in no event shall an Underwriter be required to contribute any amount in excess
of the amount by which the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by such Underwriter with respect to the Offering of
the Public Securities exceeds the amount of any damages that such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such
untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the
meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such
fraudulent misrepresentation.

23

5.3.2 Contribution
Procedure. Within fifteen (15) days after receipt by any party to this Agreement (or its representative) of notice of the commencement
of any action, suit or proceeding, such party will, if a claim for contribution in respect thereof is to be made against another party
(contributing party), notify the contributing party of the commencement thereof, but the failure to so notify the contributing
party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any other party other than for contribution hereunder. In case any such
action, suit or proceeding is brought against any party, and such party notifies a contributing party or its representative of the commencement
thereof within the aforesaid fifteen (15) days, the contributing party will be entitled to participate therein with the notifying party
and any other contributing party similarly notified. Any such contributing party shall not be liable to any party seeking contribution
on account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution on account of any settlement
of any claim, action or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution without the written consent of such contributing party.
The contribution provisions contained in this Section 5.3.2 are intended to supersede, to the extent permitted by law, any right to contribution
under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise available. Each Underwriters obligations to contribute pursuant to this
Section 5.3.2 are several and not joint.

6. Default
by an Underwriter.

6.1 Default
Not Exceeding 10% of Firm Shares or Option Shares. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations to
purchase the Firm Shares or the Option Shares, if the Over-allotment Option is exercised hereunder, and if the number of the Firm Shares
or Option Shares with respect to which such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate ten percent (10%) of the number of Firm Shares
or Option Shares that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Firm Shares or Option Shares to which the default
relates shall be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder.

6.2 Default
Exceeding 10% of Firm Shares or Option Shares. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6.1 relates to more than ten percent
(10%) of the Firm Shares or Option Shares, the Representative may in its discretion arrange for itself or for another party or parties
to purchase such Firm Shares or Option Shares to which such default relates on the terms contained herein. If, within one (1) Business
Day after such default relating to more than ten percent (10%) of the Firm Shares or Option Shares, the Representative does not arrange
for the purchase of such Firm Shares or Option Shares, then the Company shall be entitled to a further period of one (1) Business Day
within which to procure another party or parties satisfactory to the Representative to purchase said Firm Shares or Option Shares on such
terms. In the event that neither the Representative nor the Company arrange for the purchase of the Firm Shares or Option Shares to which
a default relates as provided in this Section 6, this Agreement will automatically be terminated by the Representative or the Company
without liability on the part of the Company (except as provided in Sections 3.10 and 5 hereof) or the several Underwriters (except as
provided in Section 5 hereof); provided, however, that if such default occurs with respect to the Option Shares, this Agreement will not
terminate as to the Firm Shares; and provided, further, that nothing herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of its liability, if
any, to the other Underwriters and to the Company for damages occasioned by its default hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing
contained in this section shall excuse a default by the Representative (in its capacity as an Underwriter) in its obligations to purchase
the Firm Shares or the Option Shares, if the Over-allotment Option is exercised hereunder.

24

6.3 Postponement
of Closing Date. In the event that the Firm Shares or Option Shares to which the default relates are to be purchased by the non-defaulting
Underwriters, or are to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, the Representative or the Company shall have the right
to postpone the Closing Date or Option Closing Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five (5) Business Days, in
order to effect whatever changes may thereby be made necessary in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
or in any other documents and arrangements, and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package or the Prospectus that in the opinion of Representatives Counsel may thereby be made necessary. The term Underwriter
as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 6 with like effect as if it had originally been a party
to this Agreement with respect to such Common Shares.

7. Additional
Covenants.

7.1 Board
Composition and Board Designations. The Company shall ensure as of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, that: (i)
the qualifications of the persons serving as members of the Board of Directors and the overall composition of the Board of Directors comply
with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, with the Exchange Act and with the listing rules of the Exchange or any other national securities exchange,
as the case may be, in the event the Company seeks to have its Public Securities listed on another exchange or quoted on an automated
quotation system, and (ii) if applicable, at least one (1) member of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert, as such term is defined under Regulation S-K and the listing rules of the Exchange.

7.2 Prohibition
on Press Releases and Public Announcements. The Company shall not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity, without the
Representatives prior written consent, for a period commencing on the date hereof and ending at 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the
first (1st) Business Day following the forty-fifth (45th) day after the Closing Date, other than normal and customary
releases issued in the ordinary course of the Companys business and as required by law.

8. Effective
Date of this Agreement and Termination Thereof.

8.1 Effective
Date. This Agreement shall become effective when both the Company and the Representative have executed the same and delivered counterparts
of such signatures to the other party.

8.2 Termination.
The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to any Closing Date, (i) if any domestic or international
event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in the Representatives opinion will in the immediate future materially
disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading on the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC shall have been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges
for prices for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other government authority having jurisdiction;
or (iii) if the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase in major hostilities; or (iv) if a banking moratorium
has been declared by a New York State or federal authority; or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared which
materially adversely impacts the United States securities markets; or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained a material loss by fire,
flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall have
been insured, will, in the Representatives opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Firm Shares or Option
Shares; or (vii) if the Company is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder; or (viii) if the
Representative shall have become aware after the date hereof of such a material adverse change in the conditions or prospects of the Company,
or such adverse material change in general market conditions as in the Representatives judgment would make it impracticable to
proceed with the offering, sale and/or delivery of the Public Securities or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale
of the Public Securities.

8.3 Expenses.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except in the case of a default by the Underwriters, pursuant to Section
6.2 above, in the event that this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason whatsoever, within the time specified herein or
any extensions thereof pursuant to the terms herein, the Company shall be obligated to pay to the Underwriters their actual and
accountable out-of-pocket expenses related to the transactions contemplated herein then due and payable (including up to $125,000 of
the fees and disbursements of Representative Counsel) up to an aggregate maximum of $150,000 (with a credit for fees initially
disbursed to the Representative by the Company, if any; provided, however, that such expense cap in no way limits or impairs the
indemnification and contribution provisions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any advance received by the
Representative will be reimbursed to the Company to the extent not actually incurred in compliance with FINRA Rule
5110(g)(4)(A).

25

8.4 Indemnification.
Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination of this Agreement, and whether
or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be in
any way affected by, such election or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

8.5 Representations,
Warranties, Agreements to Survive. All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement or in certificates of
officers of the Company submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any investigation
made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or its Affiliates or selling agents, any person controlling any Underwriter, its officers or directors
or any person controlling the Company or (ii) delivery of and payment for the Public Securities.

9. Miscellaneous.

9.1 Notices.
All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed (registered or
certified mail, return receipt requested), personally delivered or sent by electronic transmission and confirmed and shall be deemed given
when so delivered or emailed and confirmed (which may be by email) or if mailed, two (2) days after such mailing.

If to the Representative:

Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC

126 East 56th St., 22nd FL,

New York NY 10022

Attn: John Reed

Email: jreed@kingswoodus.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Dickinson Wright PLLC

350 East Las Olas Blvd

Suite 1750

Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301

Attn: Joel D. Mayersohn, Esq.

Email: jmayersohn@dickinson-wright.com

If to the Company:

BRAG HOUSE HOLDINGS, INC.

Lavell Juan Malloy, II

Chief Executive Officer

25 Pompton Avenue, Suite 101

Verona, NJ 07044

Email: lavell@thebraghouse.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

LUCOSKY BROOKMAN LLP

101 Wood Avenue South, 5th Floor Woodbridge, NJ 08830

Attn: Joseph Lucosky, Esq.

Email: jlucosky@lucbro.com

26

9.2 Headings.
The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning
or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

9.3 Amendment.
This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

9.4 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this
Agreement) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

9.5 Binding
Effect. This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Underwriters, the Company
and the controlling persons, directors and officers referred to in Section 5 hereof, and their respective successors, legal representatives,
heirs and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect
of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The term successors and assigns shall not include
a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from any of the Underwriters.

9.6 Governing
Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Trial by Jury. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the
laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles thereof. The Company hereby agrees that any action,
proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the New York
Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits
to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and
that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting
a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in
Section 9.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding
or claim. The Company agrees that the prevailing party(ies) in any such action shall be entitled to recover from the other party(ies)
all of its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to such action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the
preparation therefor. The Company (on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its stockholders and affiliates)
and each of the Underwriters hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial
by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

9.7 Execution
in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall
become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties
hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or email/pdf transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient
delivery thereof.

9.8 Waiver,
etc. The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed or
construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Agreement or any provision hereof or the
right of any of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance
or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed by
the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment
shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

[Signature Page Follows]

27

If the foregoing correctly
sets forth the understanding between the Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose,
whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

Very truly yours,

BRAG HOUSE HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Lavell Juan Malloy, II

Name: Lavell Juan Malloy, II

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Confirmed as of the date first
written above mentioned, on behalf of itself and as Representative of the several Underwriters named on Schedule 1 hereto:

KINGSWOOD CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC 

By: /s/ Tyler Bashaw 

Name: Tyler Bashaw 

Title: Supervisory Principal 

28

SCHEDULE 1

Underwriter Total

Number of

Firm Shares to be Purchased Number of Additional Option Shares to be Purchased if the Over-Allotment Option is Fully Exercised 

Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC 1,462,500 219,375 

Westpark Capital, Inc. 12,500 1,875 

TOTAL 1,475,000 221,250 

Schedule - 1

SCHEDULE 2-A

Pricing Information

Number of Firm Shares: 1,475,000

Number of Option Shares: 221,250

Public Offering Price per Share: $4.00

Underwriting Discount per Share: $0.32

Proceeds to Company per Share (before expenses): $5,428,000

Schedule - 2 A

SCHEDULE 2-B

Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectuses

1. Issuer Free Writing Prospectus filed with the Commission
on each of July 10, 2024, August 2, 2024, December 3, 2024 and January 13, 2025.

Schedule - 2 B

SCHEDULE 2-C

Written Testing-the-Waters Communications

Schedule - 2 C

SCHEDULE 3

List of Lock-Up Parties

Name of Investor Lock-up 30 days 180 days

1. Lavell Juan Malloy, II Yes 815,073

2. Daniel Leibovich Yes 570,989

3. Will Simpson Yes 492,201

4. Peter Fong Yes 27,502 

5. Frederick Adler Yes 27,502 

6. Joseph Prososki LLC Yes 59,588

7. DeLu Jackson Yes 27,502 

8. Anthony Gyepi-Garbrah Yes 1,650 

9. Breakspear Ventures PLC Yes 535,733

10. Alexander Newman Yes 12,315 

11. Food & Fun Ventures LLC Yes 51,310 

12. Adrian Beeston Yes 247,572

13. Brett Harris Yes 48,867 

14. Nick Tull Yes 7,330 

15. Nasrat Lucas Muzayyin Yes 48,867 

16. Edward James Finch Yes 36,650 

17. Aasim Khan Partial 201,380 

18. Anthony Ross Gibson Yes 48,867 

19. Mike Staten Partial 24,433 

20. Robert Taylor Yes 19,547 

21. Alywin Liusie Yes 51,310 

22. Clifford Emanuel Kelaita Yes 9,773 

Schedule - 3 - 1

23. Majid Al Hilali Yes 12,217 

24. Nader Adam Ali Yes 2,443 

25. Kiyaan Popat Yes 4,887 

26. Future Gen LLC Yes 195,468

27. Venture Group Partners LLC Yes 195,468

28. Andrea Helen Moore Yes 5,113 

29. Clive Roberts Yes 36,172 

30. Marcus Nicholls Yes 1,629 

31. Neill Smith Yes 3,258 

32. Emily Bavin Yes 19,547 

33. Merewood Asset Management Pte Ltd Yes 33,230 

34. Nicola Baldwin Yes 39,094 

35. Jayant Patel Yes 2,598 

36. Mitesh Panchal Yes 1,299 

37. Shailesh Patel Yes 5,196 

38. Deborah Elizabeth Matterson Yes 2,546 

39. Timothy Dracos Yes 6,235 

40. Hemantika Patel Yes 4,676 

41. Barry Challis Yes 10,262 

Schedule - 3 - 2

42. Anthony Manger (formerly Matrix Moving Solutions Ltd) Yes 7,389 

43. Ivor Heller Yes 10,262 

44. Outside The Box Capital Inc Yes 29,094 

45. Brian Hogan Yes 26,297 

46. Jeffrey Manz Yes 43,809 

47. Seth Kaufman Yes 21,898 

48. Chris Anthony Yes 21,898 

49. Michael C. Ginn and Laura Ginn Yes 43,428 

50. Kevin Hofert and Stacey Hofert Yes 13,137 

51. Larry Schwartz Yes 19,702 

52. Razor Legacy Investments LP Yes 86,541 

53. Greeny Legacy LLC Yes 86,497 

54. Kenneth Klimitchek Yes 26,226 

55. Melvin Bouboulis Yes 17,150 

56. Nicholas J Svarnias Rev Living Trust Yes 21,404 

57. Bohdan Rudawski Yes 42,722 

58. Gary Elliston Yes 21,324 

59. Mark Hood Yes 3,454 

60. Matt Barkwith Yes 1,374 

61. Mark Wroe Yes 1,374 

62. MGC BG EOOD Yes 17,224 

63. Alex Sciortino Partial 147 

64. TraDigital Marketing Group, LLC Yes 20,524 

65. Rakesh Gajula Yes 3,694 

66. Sam Witke Yes 1,642 

67. Kelsi Tresco Yes 5,336 

68. Vatsal Raina Yes 334 

69. Vyas Raina Yes 334 

Schedule - 3 - 3

70. Adian Liusie Yes 333 

71. Shirom Chabra Yes 333 

72. Bonnie-Jill Laflin Yes 3,283 

73. Daniel Walsh Yes 472 

74. Andrew Durkin Yes 472 

75. Adam Liusie Yes 1,231 

76. Hardik Raval Yes 1,231 

77. Tim Pat Dufficy Yes 12,314 

78. Akeem Okunade Yes 8,210 

79. Nikul Manoj Parekh Yes 21,345 

80. Mohammad Shaygan Yes 41,048 

81. Nikolas James West Partial 16,356 

82. Malloy Family Trust Yes 287,339 

83. Leibovich Family Trust Yes 287,339 

84. Bill Silva, Trustee for Bill Silva Living Trust Yes 41,048 

85. Kyle McCarthy LLC Yes 41,048 

86. Artemis Ave LLC Yes 937,500 

87. EVEMeta, LLC Yes 312,500 

Schedule - 3 - 4

Exhibit
A

Form of Representatives Warrant Agreement

Ex.

THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS
PURCHASE WARRANT BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER OR ASSIGN THIS PURCHASE WARRANT EXCEPT AS HEREIN PROVIDED
AND THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATE THIS PURCHASE
WARRANT FOR A PERIOD OF ONE HUNDRED EIGHTY DAYS (180) FOLLOWING THE CLOSING DATE (DEFINED BELOW) TO ANYONE OTHER THAN (I) [KINGSWOOD CAPITAL
PARTNERS, LLC] / [WESTPARK CAPITAL, INC.], OR AN UNDERWRITER OR A SELECTED DEALER IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFERING, OR (II) A BONA FIDE
OFFICER OR PARTNER OF [KINGSWOOD CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC] OR [WESTPARK CAPITAL, INC.] OR OF ANY SUCH UNDERWRITER OR SELECTED DEALER.

THIS PURCHASE WARRANT IS NOT
EXERCISABLE PRIOR TO September 3, 2025. VOID AFTER 5:00 P.M., EASTERN TIME, September 9, 2029.

WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

BRAG HOUSE HOLDINSG, INC.

Warrant Shares:22,125 Initial Exercise Date: September 3, 2025

THIS WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON
STOCK (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [KINGSWOOD CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC] / [WESTPARK CAPITAL, INC.]
or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions
hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after September 3, 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date) and, in accordance
with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A), prior to at 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the date that is four one and half years following the Closing
Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from BRAG HOUSE HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), up to 22,125 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common
Shares), of the Company (the Warrant Shares), as subject to adjustment hereunder. The purchase price of
one share of Common Shares under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Business Day
means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking
institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Closing Date
means the closing date of the Offering.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Offering
means the initial public offering of the Common Shares of the Company.

Exhibhi A-1

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading Day
means a day on which the Nasdaq Capital Market is open for trading.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Shares is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or
any successors to any of the foregoing).

VWAP means,
for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Shares then listed or quoted
on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the
Trading Market on which the Common Shares is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of a share of Common Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if Common Shares is
not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for Common Shares are then reported in the Pink Sheets
published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent
bid price per share of Common Shares so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of the Common Shares as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which
shall be paid by the Company.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise of the
purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date
and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by
notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a duly executed facsimile
copy (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise Form annexed hereto. Within two (2) Trading Days following the date of exercise
as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by
wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c)
below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion
guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all
of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this
Warrant to the Company for cancellation within five (5) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company.
Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall
have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number
of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the
date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise Form within two (2) Business Days of receipt
of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase
hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

Exhibhi A-2

b) Exercise Price.
The exercise price per share of the Common Shares under this Warrant shall be $4.00, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

c) Cashless Exercise.
In lieu of exercising this Warrant by delivering the aggregate Exercise Price by wire transfer or cashiers check, at the election
of the Holder this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which
the Holder shall be entitled to receive the number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)(64) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the
holding period of the Warrants being exercised may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrant Shares. The Company agrees not to
take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section
2(c).

d) Mechanics of
Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by its
transfer agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The
Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a
participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares
to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder, or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or
manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 and, in either case, the Warrant Shares have been sold by the Holder prior to the
Warrant Share Delivery Date (as defined below), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the
Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is
entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is two (2)
Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery
Date). If the Warrant Shares can be delivered via DWAC, the transfer agent shall have received from the Company, at the
expense of the Company, any legal opinions or other documentation required by it to deliver such Warrant Shares without legend
(subject to receipt by the Company of reasonable back up documentation from the Holder, including with respect to affiliate status)
and, if applicable and requested by the Company prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the transfer agent shall have received
from the Holder a confirmation of sale of the Warrant Shares (provided the requirement of the Holder to provide a confirmation as to
the sale of Warrant Shares shall not be applicable to the issuance of unlegended Warrant Shares upon a cashless exercise of this
Warrant if the Warrant Shares are then eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144(b)(1)). The Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have
been issued, and Holder or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of
such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised, with payment to the Company of the Exercise Price (or
by cashless exercise, if permitted) and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to Section 2(d)(vi) prior to
the issuance of such shares, having been paid. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares
subject to a Notice of Exercise by the second Trading Day following the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the
Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on
the VWAP of the Common Shares on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading
Day on the fifth Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after the second Trading Day
following such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.

Exhibhi A-3

ii. Delivery of
New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon
surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the
rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by
the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise; provided, however, that the
Holder shall be required to return any Warrant Shares or Common Shares subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently with
the return to Holder of the aggregate Exercise Price paid to the Company for such Warrant Shares and the restoration of Holders
right to acquire such Warrant Shares pursuant to this Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such
restored right).

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder,
if the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to an exercise on or before
the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market
transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, Common Shares to deliver in satisfaction of a
sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price
(including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Common Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the
number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2)
the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either
reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case
such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of Common Shares that would have been issued had the
Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Shares
having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Common Shares with an aggregate
sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company
shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to
the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall
limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver
Common Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

Exhibhi A-4

v. No Fractional
Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As
to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election,
either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or
round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges, Taxes
and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all transfer agent
fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing of
Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

viii. Signature.
This Section 2 and the exercise form attached hereto set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Holder in order to exercise
this Purchase Warrant. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original exercise form shall be required, nor shall any medallion
guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any exercise form be required in order to exercise this Purchase Warrant. No
additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Holder to exercise this Purchase Warrant. The Company
shall honor exercises of this Purchase Warrant and shall deliver Shares underlying this Purchase Warrant in accordance with the terms,
conditions and time periods set forth herein.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to
exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any
other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates), would beneficially own in excess
of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of Common Shares
beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of Common Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant
with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of Common Shares which would be issuable upon
(i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and
(ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without
limitation, any other Common Shares Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation
contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for
purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder
that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules
required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any
Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of
a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case
subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such
determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in
determining the number of outstanding Common Shares, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding Common Shares as reflected in
(A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent
public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Companys transfer agent setting
forth the number of Common Shares outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading
Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of Common Shares then outstanding. In any case, the number of
outstanding Common Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company,
including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding Common Shares was
reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Shares
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder,
upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided
that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Shares outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions
of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the
61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and
implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any
portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make
changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this
paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Exhibhi A-5

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in
Common Shares (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Common Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding Common Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding Common Shares into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common
Shares any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and
of which the denominator shall be the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date
for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after
the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. For the purposes of clarification, the Exercise
Price of this Warrant will not be adjusted in the event that the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, sells or grants
any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant
or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Shares or Common Shares Equivalents, at an effective price per share less
than the Exercise Price then in effect.

b) [RESERVED]

c) Subsequent Rights
Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common
Shares Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of
Common Shares (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such
Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of Common Shares
acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation,
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase
Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Shares are to be determined for the grant, issue
or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right
would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such
Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such Common Shares as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such
Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d) Pro Rata Distributions.
During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend (other than cash dividends) or other
distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Shares, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of shares or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of Common Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of
this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of Common Shares are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, to the
extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of
any Common Shares as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for
the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion
of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

Exhibhi A-6

e) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or
indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer
(whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Shares are permitted to sell, tender or
exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding
Common Shares, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification,
reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Shares is
effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one
or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without
limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby
such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding Common Shares (not including any Common Shares held by the
other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock
or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any
subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been
issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder
(without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of Common Shares of the successor or
acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the
Alternate Consideration) receivable by holders of Common Shares as a result of such Fundamental Transaction for
each share of Common Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard
to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate
Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Shares in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the
Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of
the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Shares are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received
in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any
exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental
Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the
obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such
Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the
Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the Common
Shares acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of
capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the Common Shares pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the
value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of
protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is
reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor
Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of
this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and
power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such
Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

Exhibhi A-7

f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of Common Shares deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of
Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g) Notice to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant
Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to
Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Shares,
(B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Shares, (C) the Company shall authorize
the granting to all holders of the Common Shares rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class
or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the
Common Shares, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Shares is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E)
the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in
each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed a notice to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register
of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, stating (x) the date
on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not
to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Shares of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption,
rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share
exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Shares of record
shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Shares for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to provide such notice or any defect therein shall
not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder
constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant
during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise
be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), neither this Warrant nor any Warrant Shares issued upon exercise of this Warrant shall be sold, transferred,
assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result
in the effective economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of effectiveness
or commencement of sales of the offering pursuant to which this Warrant is being issued, except the transfer of any security:

i. by operation of
law or by reason of reorganization of the Company;

ii. to any FINRA
member firm participating in the offering and the officers or partners thereof, if all securities so transferred remain subject to the
lock-up restriction in this Section 4(a) for the remainder of the time period;

Exhibhi A-8

iii. if the aggregate
amount of securities of the Company held by the Holder or related person do not exceed 1% of the securities being offered;

iv. that is beneficially
owned on a pro-rata basis by all equity owners of an investment fund, provided that no participating member manages or otherwise directs
investments by the fund, and participating members in the aggregate do not own more than 10% of the equity in the fund; or

v. the exercise or
conversion of any security, if all securities received remain subject to the lock-up restriction in this Section 4(a) for the remainder
of the time period.

Subject to the foregoing
restriction, any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d), this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including,
without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office
of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly
executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer.
Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the
assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue
to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days
of the date the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance
herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New Warrants.
This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together
with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent
or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company
shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with
such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical
with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant Register.
The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register),
in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the
absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual
notice to the contrary.

d) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Exhibhi A-9

Section 5. Registration
Rights.

5.1. Demand Registration.

5.1.1 Grant of
Right. To the extent that an effective registration statement is not already on file with the Commission, the Company, upon written
demand (a Demand Notice) of the Holder(s) of at least 51% of the Warrants and/or the underlying Warrant Shares (Majority
Holders), agrees to register, on one occasion only, all or any portion of the Warrant Shares underlying the Warrants (collectively,
the Registrable Securities). On such occasion, the Company will file a registration statement with the Commission covering
the Registrable Securities within sixty (60) days after receipt of a Demand Notice and use its reasonable best efforts to have the registration
statement declared effective promptly thereafter, subject to compliance with review by the Commission; provided, however, that the Company
shall not be required to comply with a Demand Notice if the Company has filed a registration statement with respect to which the Holder
is entitled to piggyback registration rights pursuant to Section 5.2 hereof and either: (i) the Holder has elected to participate in the
offering covered by such registration statement or (ii) if such registration statement relates to an underwritten primary offering of
securities of the Company, until the offering covered by such registration statement has been withdrawn or until thirty (30) days after
such offering is consummated. The demand for registration may be made at any time beginning on the Initial Exercise Date and expiring
on the fifth anniversary of the commencement of sales of the public offering. The Company covenants and agrees to give written notice
of its receipt of any Demand Notice by any Holder(s) to all other registered Holders of the Warrants and/or the Registrable Securities
within ten (10) days after the date of the receipt of any such Demand Notice.

5.1.2 Terms.
The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to the registration of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5.1.1, but
the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent
them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the filing
required herein to become effective promptly and to qualify or register the Registrable Securities in such States as are reasonably requested
by the Holder(s); provided, however, that in no event shall the Company be required to register the Registrable Securities in a State
in which such registration would cause: (i) the Company to be obligated to register or license to do business in such State or submit
to general service of process in such State, or (ii) the principal stockholders of the Company to be obligated to escrow their shares
of capital stock of the Company. The Company shall cause any registration statement filed pursuant to the demand right granted under Section
5.1.1 to remain effective for a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months after the date that the Holders of the Registrable Securities
covered by such registration statement are first given the opportunity to sell all of such securities. The Holders shall only use the
prospectuses provided by the Company to sell the Warrant Shares covered by such registration statement, and will immediately cease to
use any prospectus furnished by the Company if the Company advises the Holder that such prospectus may no longer be used due to a material
misstatement or omission. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.1.2, the Holder shall be entitled to a demand registration
under this Section 5.1.2 on only one (1) occasion and such demand registration right shall terminate on the fifth anniversary of the commencement
of sales of the public offering in accordance with FINRA Rules 5110(g)(8)(B) and 5110(g)(8)(C).

5.2. Piggy-Back
Registration.

5.2.1 Grant
of Right. In addition to the demand right of registration described in Section 5.1 hereof, the Holder shall have the right, for
a period of no more than two (2) years from the Initial Exercise Date in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(D), to include the
Registrable Securities as part of any other registration of securities filed by the Company (other than in connection with a
transaction contemplated by Rule 145(a) promulgated under the Securities Act or pursuant to Form S-8 or any equivalent form);
provided, however, that if, solely in connection with any primary underwritten public offering for the account of the Company, the
managing underwriter(s) thereof shall, in its reasonable discretion, impose a limitation on the number of Shares which may be
included in the Registration Statement because, in such underwriter(s) judgment, marketing or other factors dictate such
limitation is necessary to facilitate public distribution, then the Company shall be obligated to include in such Registration
Statement only such limited portion of the Registrable Securities with respect to which the Holder requested inclusion hereunder as
the underwriter shall reasonably permit. Any exclusion of Registrable Securities shall be made pro rata among the Holders seeking to
include Registrable Securities in proportion to the number of Registrable Securities sought to be included by such Holders;
provided, however, that the Company shall not exclude any Registrable Securities unless the Company has first excluded all
outstanding securities, the holders of which are not entitled to inclusion of such securities in such Registration Statement or are
not entitled to pro rata inclusion with the Registrable Securities.

Exhibhi A-10

5.2.2 Terms.
The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5.2.1 hereof, but
the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent
them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. In the event of such a proposed registration, the Company shall furnish
the then Holders of outstanding Registrable Securities with not less than thirty (30) days written notice prior to the proposed date of
filing of such registration statement. Such notice to the Holders shall continue to be given for each registration statement filed by
the Company during the two (2) year period following the Initial Exercise Date until such time as all of the Registrable Securities have
been sold by the Holder. The holders of the Registrable Securities shall exercise the piggy-back rights provided for herein
by giving written notice within ten (10) days of the receipt of the Companys notice of its intention to file a registration statement.
Except as otherwise provided in this Warrant, there shall be no limit on the number of times the Holder may request registration under
this Section 5.2.2; provided, however, that such registration rights shall last no greater than seven years from the date of commencement
of sales of the offering.

5.3. General Terms.

5.3.1 Indemnification.
The Company shall indemnify the Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to any registration statement hereunder and
each person, if any, who controls such Holders within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 (a) of the Exchange
Act against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses reasonably
incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which any of them may become subject under the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from such registration statement but only to the same extent and with the same effect as the
provisions pursuant to which the Company has agreed to indemnify the Underwriters contained in Section 5.1 of the Underwriting Agreement
between the Underwriters and the Company, dated as of March 6, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement). The Holder(s) of the Registrable
Securities to be sold pursuant to such registration statement, and their successors and assigns, shall severally, and not jointly, indemnify
the Company, against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses
reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which they may become subject under the
Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from information furnished by or on behalf of such Holders, or their successors
or assigns, in writing, for specific inclusion in such registration statement to the same extent and with the same effect as the provisions
contained in Section 5.2 of the Underwriting Agreement pursuant to which the Underwriters have agreed to indemnify the Company.

5.3.2 Exercise
of Warrants. Nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as requiring the Holder(s) to exercise their Warrants prior to or
after the initial filing of any registration statement or the effectiveness thereof.

5.3.3 Documents
Delivered to Holders. The Company shall furnish to each Holder participating in any of the foregoing offerings and to each
underwriter of any such offering, if any, a signed counterpart, addressed to such Holder or underwriter, of: (i) an opinion of
counsel to the Company, dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten
public offering, an opinion dated the date of the closing under any underwriting agreement related thereto), and (ii) a cold
comfort letter dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten
public offering, a letter dated the date of the closing under the underwriting agreement) signed by the independent registered
public accounting firm which has issued a report on the Companys financial statements included in such registration
statement, in each case covering substantially the same matters with respect to such registration statement (and the prospectus
included therein) and, in the case of such accountants letter, with respect to events subsequent to the date of such
financial statements, as are customarily covered in opinions of issuers counsel and in accountants letters delivered
to underwriters in underwritten public offerings of securities. The Company shall also deliver promptly to each Holder participating
in the offering requesting the correspondence and memoranda described below and to the managing underwriter, if any, copies of all
correspondence between the Commission and the Company, its counsel or auditors and all memoranda relating to discussions with the
Commission or its staff with respect to the registration statement and permit each Holder and underwriter to do such investigation,
upon reasonable advance notice, with respect to information contained in or omitted from the registration statement as it deems
reasonably necessary to comply with applicable securities laws or rules of FINRA. Such investigation shall include access to books,
records and properties and opportunities to discuss the business of the Company with its officers and independent auditors, all to
such reasonable extent and at such reasonable times as any such Holder shall reasonably request.

Exhibhi A-11

5.3.4 Underwriting
Agreement. The Company shall enter into an underwriting agreement with the managing underwriter(s), if any, selected by any Holders
whose Registrable Securities are being registered pursuant to this Section 5, which managing underwriter shall be reasonably satisfactory
to the Company. Such agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Company, each Holder and such managing underwriters,
and shall contain such representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and such other terms as are customarily contained in agreements
of that type used by the managing underwriter. The Holders shall be parties to any underwriting agreement relating to an underwritten
sale of their Registrable Securities and may, at their option, require that any or all the representations, warranties and covenants of
the Company to or for the benefit of such underwriters shall also be made to and for the benefit of such Holders. Such Holders shall not
be required to make any representations or warranties to or agreements with the Company or the underwriters except as they may relate
to such Holders, their Warrant Shares and their intended methods of distribution.

5.3.5 Documents
to be Delivered by Holder(s). Each of the Holder(s) participating in any of the foregoing offerings shall furnish to the Company a
completed and executed questionnaire provided by the Company requesting information customarily sought of selling security holders.

5.3.6 Damages.
Should the registration or the effectiveness thereof required by Sections 5.1 and 5.2 hereof be delayed by the Company or the Company
otherwise fails to comply with such provisions, the Holder(s) shall, in addition to any other legal or other relief available to the Holder(s),
be entitled to obtain specific performance or other equitable (including injunctive) relief against the threatened breach of such provisions
or the continuation of any such breach, without the necessity of proving actual damages and without the necessity of posting bond or other
security.

Section 6. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights as
Stockholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder
of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

b) Loss, Theft,
Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss,
theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the
posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and
deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays, Sundays,
Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

Exhibhi A-12

d) Authorized Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Shares a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Shares may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior
to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and
legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary
to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Underwriting Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver and
Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver
of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant
or the Underwriting Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results
in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and
expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder
in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Underwriting Agreement.

Exhibhi A-13

i) Limitation of
Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Shares or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors and
Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit
of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions
of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder
or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

Exhibhi A-14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

BRAG
HOUSE HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name: Lavell Juan Malloy, II

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Exhibhi A-15

Exhibit
B

Lock-Up Agreement

____________ _____,
2025

Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC

126 East 56th St., 22nd FL,

New York NY 10022

As Representative of the several Underwriters

named on Schedule 1 to the Underwriting Agreement referenced below.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned understands
that Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC (the Underwriter) proposes to enter into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting
Agreement) with Brag House Holdings, Inc., a corporation formed under the laws of Delaware (the Company),
providing for the initial public offering (the Public Offering) of shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per
share, of the Company (the Shares).

To induce the Underwriter
to continue their efforts in connection with the Public Offering, the undersigned hereby agrees that, without the prior written consent
of the Underwriter, the undersigned will not, during the period commencing on the date hereof and ending [] [months / days]1
after the closing of the Public Offering (the Lock-Up Period), (1) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell,
sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend,
or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any securities convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company, now owned by the undersigned or any affiliate of the
undersigned or with respect to which the undersigned or any affiliate of the undersigned has acquired the power of disposition (the shares
of common stock owned by the undersigned are hereinafter referred to as the Lock-Up Securities); (2) enter into
any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of Lock-Up
Securities, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of shares of Lock-Up Securities, in cash or otherwise; (3) except
as otherwise permissible under the Underwriting Agreement, make any demand for or exercise any right with respect to the registration
of any Lock-Up Securities; or (4) publicly disclose the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge or disposition, or to enter into any
transaction, swap, hedge or other arrangement relating to any Lock-Up Securities.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
and subject to the conditions below, the undersigned may transfer Lock-Up Securities without the prior written consent of the Underwriter
in connection with:

(a) transactions relating to
Lock-Up Securities acquired in open market transactions after the completion of the Public Offering; provided that no filing under Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), shall be required or shall be voluntarily
made in connection with subsequent sales of Lock-Up Securities acquired in such open market transactions;

(b) transfers of Lock-Up Securities
as a bona fide gift, by will or intestacy or to a family member or trust for the benefit of a family member (for purposes of this
lock-up agreement, family member means any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote than first cousin);

(c) transfers of Lock-Up Securities
to a charity or educational institution;

(d) if the undersigned, directly
or indirectly, controls a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity, any transfers of Lock-Up Securities
to any shareholder, partner or member of, or owner of similar equity interests in, the undersigned, as the case may be; or

1 Note: Per Schedule 3 of Underwriting Agreement (Lock-Up Parties).

Exhibhi B-1

(e) the sales of Shares to
cover the payment of the exercise prices or the payment of taxes associated with the exercise or vesting of equity awards under any equity
compensation plan of the Company; provided that in the case of any transfer pursuant to the foregoing clauses (b), (c) or (d), (i) any
such transfer shall not involve a disposition for value, (ii) each transferee shall sign and deliver to the Underwriter a lock-up agreement
substantially in the form of this lock-up agreement; and (iii) no filing under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act shall be required or
shall be voluntarily made, except for a Form 5. The undersigned also agrees and consents to the Companys entry of stop transfer
instructions with the Companys transfer agent against the transfer of the undersigneds Lock-Up Securities except in compliance
with this lock-up agreement.

No provision in this agreement
shall be deemed to restrict or prohibit the exercise, exchange or conversion by the undersigned of any securities exercisable or exchangeable
for or convertible into Shares, as applicable; provided that the undersigned does not transfer the Shares acquired on such exercise, exchange
or conversion during the Lock-Up Period, unless otherwise permitted pursuant to the terms of this lock-up agreement.

The undersigned understands
that the Company and the Underwriter are relying upon this lock-up agreement in proceeding toward consummation of the Public Offering.
The undersigned further understands that this lock-up agreement is irrevocable and shall be binding upon the undersigneds heirs,
legal representative, successors and assigns.

The undersigned understands
that, if the Underwriting Agreement is not executed by March 31, 2025, or if the Underwriting Agreement (other than the provisions thereof
which survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery of the Shares to be sold thereunder, then
this lock-up agreement shall be void and of no further force or effect.

Whether or not the Public Offering
actually occurs depends on a number of factors, including market conditions. Any Public Offering will only be made pursuant to an Underwriting
Agreement, the terms of which are subject to negotiation between the Company and the Underwriter.

This lock-up agreement may
not be amended or otherwise modified in any respect without the written consent of each of the Company, the Underwriter and the undersigned.
This lock-up agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the principles
of conflict of laws. The undersigned hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court sitting
in the Southern District of California and the courts of the State of California located in Los Angeles, for the purposes of any suit,
action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this lock-up agreement, and hereby waives, and agrees not to assert in any such suit,
action or proceeding, any claim that (i) it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such court, (ii) the suit, action or proceeding
is brought in an inconvenient forum, or (iii) the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper. The undersigned hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by receiving a copy thereof
sent to the Company at the address in effect for notices to it under the Underwriting Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute
good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. The undersigned hereby waives any right to a trial by jury. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. The undersigned agrees and understands
that this lock-up agreement does not intend to create any relationship between the undersigned and the Underwriter.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

Exhibhi B-2

Very truly yours,

(Name - Please Print)

(Signature)

(Name of Signatory, in the case of entities - Please Print)

(Title of Signatory, in the case of entities - Please Print)

Address:

By signing below, the Company agrees to enforce the restrictions on
transfer set forth in this lock-up agreement.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibhi B-3

Exhibit
C

Form of Press Release

BRAG HOUSE HOLDINGS, INC.

[Date]

BRAG HOUSE HOLDINGS, INC. (the
Company) announced today that Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC, acting as representative for the underwriters in the Companys
recent public offering of _______ shares of the Companys common stock (the Common Shares), is [waiving] [releasing]
a lock-up restriction with respect to _________ shares of the Companys Common Shares held by [certain officers or directors] [an
officer or director] of the Company. The [waiver] [release] will take effect on _________, 20___, and the shares may be sold on or after
such date.

This press release is not an
offer or sale of the securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction where such offer or sale is prohibited, and such securities
may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended.

Exhibhi C-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023389901ex4-1_braghouse.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF REPRESENTATIVE'S WARRANT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

Form of Representatives Warrant Agreement

Ex.

THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS
PURCHASE WARRANT BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER OR ASSIGN THIS PURCHASE WARRANT EXCEPT AS HEREIN PROVIDED
AND THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATE THIS PURCHASE
WARRANT FOR A PERIOD OF ONE HUNDRED EIGHTY DAYS (180) FOLLOWING THE CLOSING DATE (DEFINED BELOW) TO ANYONE OTHER THAN (I) [KINGSWOOD CAPITAL
PARTNERS, LLC] / [WESTPARK CAPITAL, INC.], OR AN UNDERWRITER OR A SELECTED DEALER IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFERING, OR (II) A BONA FIDE
OFFICER OR PARTNER OF [KINGSWOOD CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC] OR [WESTPARK CAPITAL, INC.] OR OF ANY SUCH UNDERWRITER OR SELECTED DEALER.

THIS PURCHASE WARRANT IS NOT
EXERCISABLE PRIOR TO September 3, 2025. VOID AFTER 5:00 P.M., EASTERN TIME, September 9, 2029.

WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

BRAG HOUSE HOLDINSG, INC.

Warrant Shares:22,125 

Initial Exercise Date: September 3, 2025

THIS WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON
STOCK (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [KINGSWOOD CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC] / [WESTPARK CAPITAL, INC.]
or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions
hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after September 3, 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date) and, in accordance
with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A), prior to at 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the date that is four one and half years following the Closing
Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from BRAG HOUSE HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), up to 22,125 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common
Shares), of the Company (the Warrant Shares), as subject to adjustment hereunder. The purchase price of
one share of Common Shares under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Business Day
means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking
institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Closing Date
means the closing date of the Offering.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Offering
means the initial public offering of the Common Shares of the Company.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading Day
means a day on which the Nasdaq Capital Market is open for trading.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Shares is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or
any successors to any of the foregoing).

VWAP means,
for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Shares then listed or quoted
on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the
Trading Market on which the Common Shares is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price
of a share of Common Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if Common Shares is
not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for Common Shares are then reported in the Pink Sheets
published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent
bid price per share of Common Shares so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of the Common Shares as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which
shall be paid by the Company.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise of the
purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date
and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by
notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a duly executed facsimile
copy (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise Form annexed hereto. Within two (2) Trading Days following the date of exercise
as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire
transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below
is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee
(or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant
Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company
for cancellation within five (5) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises
of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of
lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares
purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases.
The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise Form within two (2) Business Days of receipt of such notice. The
Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following
the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given
time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

2

b) Exercise Price.
The exercise price per share of the Common Shares under this Warrant shall be $4.00, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price).

c) Cashless Exercise.
In lieu of exercising this Warrant by delivering the aggregate Exercise Price by wire transfer or cashiers check, at the election
of the Holder this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which
the Holder shall be entitled to receive the number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)(64) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the
holding period of the Warrants being exercised may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrant Shares. The Company agrees not to
take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section
2(c).

d) Mechanics of
Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by its
transfer agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The
Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a
participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares
to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder, or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or
manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 and, in either case, the Warrant Shares have been sold by the Holder prior to the
Warrant Share Delivery Date (as defined below), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the
Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is
entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is two (2)
Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery
Date). If the Warrant Shares can be delivered via DWAC, the transfer agent shall have received from the Company, at the
expense of the Company, any legal opinions or other documentation required by it to deliver such Warrant Shares without legend
(subject to receipt by the Company of reasonable back up documentation from the Holder, including with respect to affiliate status)
and, if applicable and requested by the Company prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the transfer agent shall have received
from the Holder a confirmation of sale of the Warrant Shares (provided the requirement of the Holder to provide a confirmation as to
the sale of Warrant Shares shall not be applicable to the issuance of unlegended Warrant Shares upon a cashless exercise of this
Warrant if the Warrant Shares are then eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144(b)(1)). The Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have
been issued, and Holder or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of
such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised, with payment to the Company of the Exercise Price (or
by cashless exercise, if permitted) and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to Section 2(d)(vi) prior to
the issuance of such shares, having been paid. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares
subject to a Notice of Exercise by the second Trading Day following the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the
Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on
the VWAP of the Common Shares on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading
Day on the fifth Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after the second Trading Day
following such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.

3

ii. Delivery of
New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon
surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the
rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by
the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise; provided, however, that the
Holder shall be required to return any Warrant Shares or Common Shares subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently with
the return to Holder of the aggregate Exercise Price paid to the Company for such Warrant Shares and the restoration of Holders
right to acquire such Warrant Shares pursuant to this Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such
restored right).

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder,
if the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to an exercise on or before
the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market
transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, Common Shares to deliver in satisfaction of a
sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price
(including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Common Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the
number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2)
the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either
reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case
such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of Common Shares that would have been issued had the
Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Shares
having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Common Shares with an aggregate
sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company
shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to
the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall
limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver
Common Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

4

v. No Fractional
Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As
to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election,
either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or
round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges, Taxes
and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all transfer agent
fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing
corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing of
Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

viii. Signature.
This Section 2 and the exercise form attached hereto set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Holder in order to exercise
this Purchase Warrant. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original exercise form shall be required, nor shall any medallion
guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any exercise form be required in order to exercise this Purchase Warrant. No
additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Holder to exercise this Purchase Warrant. The Company
shall honor exercises of this Purchase Warrant and shall deliver Shares underlying this Purchase Warrant in accordance with the terms,
conditions and time periods set forth herein.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to
exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any
other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates), would beneficially own in excess
of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of Common Shares
beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of Common Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant
with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of Common Shares which would be issuable upon
(i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and
(ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without
limitation, any other Common Shares Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation
contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for
purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder
that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules
required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any
Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of
a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case
subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such
determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in
determining the number of outstanding Common Shares, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding Common Shares as reflected in
(A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent
public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Companys transfer agent setting
forth the number of Common Shares outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading
Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of Common Shares then outstanding. In any case, the number of
outstanding Common Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company,
including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding Common Shares was
reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Shares
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder,
upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided
that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Shares outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions
of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the
61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and
implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any
portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make
changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this
paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

5

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in
Common Shares (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Common Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding Common Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding Common Shares into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common
Shares any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and
of which the denominator shall be the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date
for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after
the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. For the purposes of clarification, the Exercise
Price of this Warrant will not be adjusted in the event that the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, sells or grants
any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant
or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Shares or Common Shares Equivalents, at an effective price per share less
than the Exercise Price then in effect.

b) [RESERVED]

c) Subsequent Rights
Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common
Shares Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of
Common Shares (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such
Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of Common Shares
acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation,
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase
Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Shares are to be determined for the grant, issue
or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right
would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such
Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such Common Shares as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such
Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d) Pro Rata Distributions.
During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend (other than cash dividends) or other
distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of Common Shares, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of shares or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of Common Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of
this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of Common Shares are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, to the
extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of
any Common Shares as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for
the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion
of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

6

e) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or
indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer
(whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Shares are permitted to sell, tender or
exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding
Common Shares, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification,
reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Shares is
effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one
or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without
limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby
such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding Common Shares (not including any Common Shares held by the
other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock
or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any
subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been
issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder
(without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of Common Shares of the successor or
acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the
Alternate Consideration) receivable by holders of Common Shares as a result of such Fundamental Transaction for
each share of Common Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard
to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate
Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Shares in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the
Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of
the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Shares are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received
in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any
exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental
Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the
obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such
Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the
Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the Common
Shares acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of
capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the Common Shares pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the
value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of
protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is
reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor
Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of
this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and
power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such
Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

f) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For
purposes of this Section 3, the number of Common Shares deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of
the number of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

7

g) Notice to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant
Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to
Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Shares,
(B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Shares, (C) the Company shall authorize
the granting to all holders of the Common Shares rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class
or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the
Common Shares, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Shares is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E)
the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in
each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed a notice to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register
of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, stating (x) the date
on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not
to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Shares of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption,
rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share
exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Shares of record
shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Shares for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to provide such notice or any defect therein shall
not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder
constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant
during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise
be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), neither this Warrant nor any Warrant Shares issued upon exercise of this Warrant shall be sold, transferred,
assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result
in the effective economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of effectiveness
or commencement of sales of the offering pursuant to which this Warrant is being issued, except the transfer of any security:

i. by operation of
law or by reason of reorganization of the Company;

ii. to any FINRA
member firm participating in the offering and the officers or partners thereof, if all securities so transferred remain subject to the
lock-up restriction in this Section 4(a) for the remainder of the time period;

8

iii. if the aggregate
amount of securities of the Company held by the Holder or related person do not exceed 1% of the securities being offered;

iv. that is beneficially
owned on a pro-rata basis by all equity owners of an investment fund, provided that no participating member manages or otherwise directs
investments by the fund, and participating members in the aggregate do not own more than 10% of the equity in the fund; or

v. the exercise or
conversion of any security, if all securities received remain subject to the lock-up restriction in this Section 4(a) for the remainder
of the time period.

Subject to the foregoing
restriction, any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d), this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including,
without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office
of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly
executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer.
Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the
assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue
to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days
of the date the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance
herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New Warrants.
This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together
with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent
or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company
shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with
such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical
with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant Register.
The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register),
in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the
absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual
notice to the contrary.

d) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

9

Section 5. Registration
Rights.

5.1. Demand Registration.

5.1.1 Grant of
Right. To the extent that an effective registration statement is not already on file with the Commission, the Company, upon written
demand (a Demand Notice) of the Holder(s) of at least 51% of the Warrants and/or the underlying Warrant Shares (Majority
Holders), agrees to register, on one occasion only, all or any portion of the Warrant Shares underlying the Warrants (collectively,
the Registrable Securities). On such occasion, the Company will file a registration statement with the Commission covering
the Registrable Securities within sixty (60) days after receipt of a Demand Notice and use its reasonable best efforts to have the registration
statement declared effective promptly thereafter, subject to compliance with review by the Commission; provided, however, that the Company
shall not be required to comply with a Demand Notice if the Company has filed a registration statement with respect to which the Holder
is entitled to piggyback registration rights pursuant to Section 5.2 hereof and either: (i) the Holder has elected to participate in the
offering covered by such registration statement or (ii) if such registration statement relates to an underwritten primary offering of
securities of the Company, until the offering covered by such registration statement has been withdrawn or until thirty (30) days after
such offering is consummated. The demand for registration may be made at any time beginning on the Initial Exercise Date and expiring
on the fifth anniversary of the commencement of sales of the public offering. The Company covenants and agrees to give written notice
of its receipt of any Demand Notice by any Holder(s) to all other registered Holders of the Warrants and/or the Registrable Securities
within ten (10) days after the date of the receipt of any such Demand Notice.

5.1.2 Terms.
The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to the registration of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5.1.1, but
the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent
them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the filing
required herein to become effective promptly and to qualify or register the Registrable Securities in such States as are reasonably requested
by the Holder(s); provided, however, that in no event shall the Company be required to register the Registrable Securities in a State
in which such registration would cause: (i) the Company to be obligated to register or license to do business in such State or submit
to general service of process in such State, or (ii) the principal stockholders of the Company to be obligated to escrow their shares
of capital stock of the Company. The Company shall cause any registration statement filed pursuant to the demand right granted under Section
5.1.1 to remain effective for a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months after the date that the Holders of the Registrable Securities
covered by such registration statement are first given the opportunity to sell all of such securities. The Holders shall only use the
prospectuses provided by the Company to sell the Warrant Shares covered by such registration statement, and will immediately cease to
use any prospectus furnished by the Company if the Company advises the Holder that such prospectus may no longer be used due to a material
misstatement or omission. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.1.2, the Holder shall be entitled to a demand registration
under this Section 5.1.2 on only one (1) occasion and such demand registration right shall terminate on the fifth anniversary of the commencement
of sales of the public offering in accordance with FINRA Rules 5110(g)(8)(B) and 5110(g)(8)(C).

5.2. Piggy-Back
Registration.

5.2.1 Grant
of Right. In addition to the demand right of registration described in Section 5.1 hereof, the Holder shall have the right, for
a period of no more than two (2) years from the Initial Exercise Date in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(D), to include the
Registrable Securities as part of any other registration of securities filed by the Company (other than in connection with a
transaction contemplated by Rule 145(a) promulgated under the Securities Act or pursuant to Form S-8 or any equivalent form);
provided, however, that if, solely in connection with any primary underwritten public offering for the account of the Company, the
managing underwriter(s) thereof shall, in its reasonable discretion, impose a limitation on the number of Shares which may be
included in the Registration Statement because, in such underwriter(s) judgment, marketing or other factors dictate such
limitation is necessary to facilitate public distribution, then the Company shall be obligated to include in such Registration
Statement only such limited portion of the Registrable Securities with respect to which the Holder requested inclusion hereunder as
the underwriter shall reasonably permit. Any exclusion of Registrable Securities shall be made pro rata among the Holders seeking to
include Registrable Securities in proportion to the number of Registrable Securities sought to be included by such Holders;
provided, however, that the Company shall not exclude any Registrable Securities unless the Company has first excluded all
outstanding securities, the holders of which are not entitled to inclusion of such securities in such Registration Statement or are
not entitled to pro rata inclusion with the Registrable Securities.

10

5.2.2 Terms.
The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5.2.1 hereof, but
the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent
them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. In the event of such a proposed registration, the Company shall furnish
the then Holders of outstanding Registrable Securities with not less than thirty (30) days written notice prior to the proposed date of
filing of such registration statement. Such notice to the Holders shall continue to be given for each registration statement filed by
the Company during the two (2) year period following the Initial Exercise Date until such time as all of the Registrable Securities have
been sold by the Holder. The holders of the Registrable Securities shall exercise the piggy-back rights provided for herein
by giving written notice within ten (10) days of the receipt of the Companys notice of its intention to file a registration statement.
Except as otherwise provided in this Warrant, there shall be no limit on the number of times the Holder may request registration under
this Section 5.2.2; provided, however, that such registration rights shall last no greater than seven years from the date of commencement
of sales of the offering.

5.3. General Terms.

5.3.1 Indemnification.
The Company shall indemnify the Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to any registration statement hereunder and
each person, if any, who controls such Holders within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 (a) of the Exchange
Act against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses reasonably
incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which any of them may become subject under the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from such registration statement but only to the same extent and with the same effect as the
provisions pursuant to which the Company has agreed to indemnify the Underwriters contained in Section 5.1 of the Underwriting Agreement
between the Underwriters and the Company, dated as of March 6, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement). The Holder(s) of the Registrable
Securities to be sold pursuant to such registration statement, and their successors and assigns, shall severally, and not jointly, indemnify
the Company, against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses
reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which they may become subject under the
Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from information furnished by or on behalf of such Holders, or their successors
or assigns, in writing, for specific inclusion in such registration statement to the same extent and with the same effect as the provisions
contained in Section 5.2 of the Underwriting Agreement pursuant to which the Underwriters have agreed to indemnify the Company.

5.3.2 Exercise
of Warrants. Nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as requiring the Holder(s) to exercise their Warrants prior to or
after the initial filing of any registration statement or the effectiveness thereof.

5.3.3 Documents
Delivered to Holders. The Company shall furnish to each Holder participating in any of the foregoing offerings and to each
underwriter of any such offering, if any, a signed counterpart, addressed to such Holder or underwriter, of: (i) an opinion of
counsel to the Company, dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten
public offering, an opinion dated the date of the closing under any underwriting agreement related thereto), and (ii) a cold
comfort letter dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten
public offering, a letter dated the date of the closing under the underwriting agreement) signed by the independent registered
public accounting firm which has issued a report on the Companys financial statements included in such registration
statement, in each case covering substantially the same matters with respect to such registration statement (and the prospectus
included therein) and, in the case of such accountants letter, with respect to events subsequent to the date of such
financial statements, as are customarily covered in opinions of issuers counsel and in accountants letters delivered
to underwriters in underwritten public offerings of securities. The Company shall also deliver promptly to each Holder participating
in the offering requesting the correspondence and memoranda described below and to the managing underwriter, if any, copies of all
correspondence between the Commission and the Company, its counsel or auditors and all memoranda relating to discussions with the
Commission or its staff with respect to the registration statement and permit each Holder and underwriter to do such investigation,
upon reasonable advance notice, with respect to information contained in or omitted from the registration statement as it deems
reasonably necessary to comply with applicable securities laws or rules of FINRA. Such investigation shall include access to books,
records and properties and opportunities to discuss the business of the Company with its officers and independent auditors, all to
such reasonable extent and at such reasonable times as any such Holder shall reasonably request.

11

5.3.4 Underwriting
Agreement. The Company shall enter into an underwriting agreement with the managing underwriter(s), if any, selected by any Holders
whose Registrable Securities are being registered pursuant to this Section 5, which managing underwriter shall be reasonably satisfactory
to the Company. Such agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Company, each Holder and such managing underwriters,
and shall contain such representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and such other terms as are customarily contained in agreements
of that type used by the managing underwriter. The Holders shall be parties to any underwriting agreement relating to an underwritten
sale of their Registrable Securities and may, at their option, require that any or all the representations, warranties and covenants of
the Company to or for the benefit of such underwriters shall also be made to and for the benefit of such Holders. Such Holders shall not
be required to make any representations or warranties to or agreements with the Company or the underwriters except as they may relate
to such Holders, their Warrant Shares and their intended methods of distribution.

5.3.5 Documents
to be Delivered by Holder(s). Each of the Holder(s) participating in any of the foregoing offerings shall furnish to the Company a
completed and executed questionnaire provided by the Company requesting information customarily sought of selling security holders.

5.3.6 Damages.
Should the registration or the effectiveness thereof required by Sections 5.1 and 5.2 hereof be delayed by the Company or the Company
otherwise fails to comply with such provisions, the Holder(s) shall, in addition to any other legal or other relief available to the Holder(s),
be entitled to obtain specific performance or other equitable (including injunctive) relief against the threatened breach of such provisions
or the continuation of any such breach, without the necessity of proving actual damages and without the necessity of posting bond or other
security.

Section 6. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights as
Stockholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder
of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i).

b) Loss, Theft,
Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss,
theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the
posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and
deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays, Sundays,
Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

d) Authorized Shares.

The Company
covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Shares a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this
Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are
charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The
Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein
without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Shares may
be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by
this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in
accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges
created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with
such issue).

12

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior
to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and
legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary
to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Underwriting Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver and
Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver
of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant
or the Underwriting Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results
in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and
expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder
in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Underwriting Agreement.

13

i) Limitation of
Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Shares or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors and
Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit
of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions
of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder
or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

BRAG
HOUSE HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name: Lavell Juan Malloy, II

Title: Chief Executive Officer

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023389901ex99-1_braghouse.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE OF BRAG HOUSE HOLDINGS, INC. ENTITLED "BRAG HOUSE ANNOUNCES PRICING OF INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING"
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Brag House Announces Pricing of Initial Public Offering

NEW YORK, March 05, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Brag House Holdings, Inc.
(Brag House or the Company), a premier media technology platform designed for casual college gamers and brands
seeking to connect with the Gen Z demographic, today announced the pricing of its initial public offering (the Offering) of
1,475,000 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of US$4.00 per share. The underwriters have been granted a 45-day option
to purchase up to an additional 221,250 shares of common stock at the initial public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions.
The Companys common stock is expected to begin trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol TBH, subject
to customary closing conditions.

The Offering is being conducted on a firm commitment basis. Kingswood
Capital Partners, LLC is acting as the Sole Bookrunning Manager and WestPark Capital Inc. is acting as an underwriter. Lucosky Brookman
LLP is acting as U.S. securities counsel to the Company, and Dickinson Wright LLP is acting as U.S. securities counsel to the underwriters
in connection with the Offering.

A registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-280282) relating
to the Offering was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and was declared effective by the SEC on
Friday, February 14, 2025 and an additional registration statement on Form S-1 related to the Offering was filed pursuant to
Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and became automatically effective on March 5, 2025. The
Offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the final prospectus related to the Offering may be obtained, when available,
from Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC, at126 East 56th Street Suite 22S New York, NY 10022, via email at syndicate@kingswoodus.com,
or by calling 212-487-1080. In addition, a copy of the final prospectus, when available, can also be obtained via the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

About Brag House

Brag House is a leading media technology gaming platform dedicated to transforming casual college gaming into a vibrant, community-driven
experience. By seamlessly merging gaming, social interaction, and cutting-edge technology, the Company provides an inclusive and engaging
environment for casual gamers while enabling brands to authentically connect with the influential Gen Z demographic. The platform offers
live-streaming capabilities, gamification features, and custom tournament services, fostering meaningful engagement between users and
brands. For more information, please visit www.braghouse.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements in this announcement are forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the Companys proposed Offering.
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and are based on the Companys current expectations
and projections about future events. Investors can find many (but not all) of these statements by the use of words such as may,
will, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, plan, believe,
or other similar expressions. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements to reflect
subsequent events or circumstances, except as may be required by law. Although the Company believes that the expectations expressed in
these forward-looking statements are reasonable, it cannot assure investors that such expectations will turn out to be correct, and the
Company cautions that actual results may differ materially from anticipated results. Additional factors are discussed in the Companys
registration statement and other filings with the SEC, available for review at www.sec.gov.

Media Contact:

Dan Walsh

dan@mustardpr.com

+44 (0) 7827 816 971

Investor Relations Contact:

Adele Carey

VP, Investor Relations

ir@thebraghouse.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023389901ex99-2_braghouse.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE OF BRAG HOUSE HOLDINGS, INC. ENTITLED "BRAG HOUSE ANNOUNCES CLOSING OF INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING"
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Brag House Holdings, Inc. Announces Closing of Initial Public Offering

NEW YORK, March 07, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Brag House Holdings, Inc.
(Brag House or the Company), a premier media technology platform designed for casual college gamers and brands
seeking to connect with the Gen Z demographic, today announced the closing of its initial public offering (the Offering) of
1,475,000 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of US$4.00 per share.

Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC is acting as the Sole Bookrunning Manager
and WestPark Capital Inc. is acting as an underwriter. Lucosky Brookman LLP is acting as U.S. securities counsel to the Company, and Dickinson
Wright LLP is acting as U.S. securities counsel to the underwriters in connection for the Offering.

A registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-280282) relating
to the Offering was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and was declared effective by the SEC on
Friday, February 14, 2025 and an additional registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-285586) related to the Offering was filed
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and became automatically effective on March 5, 2025. The Offering
is being made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the final prospectus related to the Offering may be obtained from Kingswood Capital
Partners, LLC, at 126 East 56th Street Suite 22R New York, NY 10022, via email at syndicate@kingswoodus.com, or by calling 212-487-1080.
In addition, a copy of the final prospectus can also be obtained via the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

About Brag House

Brag House is a leading media technology gaming platform dedicated
to transforming casual college gaming into a vibrant, community-driven experience. By seamlessly merging gaming, social interaction, and
cutting-edge technology, the Company provides an inclusive and engaging environment for casual gamers while enabling brands to authentically
connect with the influential Gen Z demographic. The platform offers live-streaming capabilities, gamification features, and custom tournament
services, fostering meaningful engagement between users and brands. For more information, please visit www.braghouse.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements in this announcement are forward-looking statements,
including, but not limited to, the Companys proposed Offering. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties
and are based on the Companys current expectations and projections about future events. Investors can find many (but not all) of
these statements by the use of words such as may, will, expect, anticipate, estimate,
intend, plan, believe, or other similar expressions. The Company undertakes no obligation to update
or revise publicly any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, except as may be required by law. Although
the Company believes that the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, it cannot assure investors that
such expectations will turn out to be correct, and the Company cautions that actual results may differ materially from anticipated results.
Additional factors are discussed in the Companys registration statement and other filings with the SEC, available for review at
www.sec.gov.

Media Contact:

Dan Walsh

dan@mustardpr.com

+44 (0) 7827 816 971

Investor Relations Contact:

Adele Carey

VP, Investor Relations

ir@thebraghouse.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea023389901ex99-3_braghouse.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE OF BRAG HOUSE HOLDINGS, INC. ENTITLED "BRAG HOUSE ANNOUNCES FULL EXERCISE OF UNDERWRITERS' OVER-ALLOTMENT OPTION"
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.3

Brag House Holdings, Inc. Announces
Full Exercise of Underwriters Over-Allotment Option

New York March 11, 2025
- Brag House Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: TBH) ("Brag House" or the "Company") today announced that the underwriter of
its initial public offering (the "Offering") have exercised in full their option to purchase an additional 221,250 shares of
common stock at a public offering price of $4.00 per share to cover over-allotments. Gross proceeds of the Company's initial public offering,
including the exercise of the over-allotment, totaled $6.7 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and other related expenses.
The shares began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on March 6, 2025 under the ticker symbol TBH.

Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC is acting as the Sole Bookrunning
Manager and WestPark Capital Inc. is acting as an underwriter. Lucosky Brookman LLP is acting as U.S. securities counsel to the Company,
and Dickinson Wright LLP is acting as U.S. securities counsel to the underwriters in connection for the Offering.

A registration statement on Form S-1
(File No. 333-280282) relating to the Offering was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and was declared
effective by the SEC on Friday, February 14, 2025 and an additional registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-285586) related to
the Offering was filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and became automatically effective on March
5, 2025. The Offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the final prospectus related to the Offering may be obtained
from Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC, at126 East 56th Street Suite 22R New York, NY 10022, via email at syndicate@kingswoodus.com, or
by calling 212-487-1080. In addition, a copy of the final prospectus can also be obtained via the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.

About Brag House

Brag House is a leading media technology
gaming platform dedicated to transforming casual college gaming into a vibrant, community-driven experience. By seamlessly merging gaming,
social interaction, and cutting-edge technology, the Company provides an inclusive and engaging environment for casual gamers while enabling
brands to authentically connect with the influential Gen Z demographic. The platform offers live-streaming capabilities, gamification
features, and custom tournament services, fostering meaningful engagement between users and brands. For more information, please visit
www.braghouse.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements in this announcement
are forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the Company's proposed Offering. These forward-looking statements involve
known and unknown risks and uncertainties and are based on the Companys current expectations and projections about future events.
Investors can find many (but not all) of these statements by the use of words such as "may," "will," "expect,"
"anticipate," "estimate," "intend," "plan," "believe," or other similar expressions.
The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances,
except as may be required by law. Although the Company believes that the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are
reasonable, it cannot assure investors that such expectations will turn out to be correct, and the Company cautions that actual results
may differ materially from anticipated results. Additional factors are discussed in the Companys registration statement and other
filings with the SEC, available for review at www.sec.gov.

Media Contact:

Dan Walsh

dan@mustardpr.com

+44 (0) 7827 816 971

Investor Relations Contact:

Adele Carey

VP, Investor Relations

ir@thebraghouse.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tbh-20250305.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tbh-20250305_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tbh-20250305_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 05, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 05, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42525

Entity Registrant Name Brag House Holdings, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001903595

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-4032622

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 45 Park Street

Entity Address, City or Town Montclair

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 07042

City Area Code 413

Local Phone Number 398-2845

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol TBH

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://braghouse.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0233899-8k_braghouse.htm 
tbh-20250305.xsd 
tbh-20250305_lab.xml 
tbh-20250305_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-022831-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ea0233899-8k_braghouse_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001903595 

2025-03-05 
2025-03-05 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001903595 
8-K 
2025-03-05 
Brag House Holdings, Inc. 
DE 
001-42525 
87-4032622 
45 Park Street 
Montclair 
NJ 
07042 
413 
398-2845 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value 
TBH 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>