<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-002220.txt : 20250106
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-002220.hdr.sgml : 20250106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250106170835
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-002220
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250106
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REGENCY CENTERS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000910606
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				593191743
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12298
		FILM NUMBER:		25512242

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE INDEPENDENT DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 114
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9045987000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE INDEPENDENT DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 114
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REGENCY REALTY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930813

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REGENCY CENTERS LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001066247
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				593429602
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-24763
		FILM NUMBER:		25512243

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE INDEPENDENT DRIVE
		STREET 2:		STE 114
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9043567000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE INDEPENDENT DRIVE
		STREET 2:		STE 114
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32202
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d907285d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0000910606000106624700009106062025-01-062025-01-060000910606srt:PartnershipInterestMember2025-01-062025-01-060000910606us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-01-062025-01-060000910606reg:SeriesACumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockMember2025-01-062025-01-060000910606reg:SeriesBCumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockMember2025-01-062025-01-06

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, DC 20549 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) 

of the Securities Exchange Ac

t of 1934 

January 6, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) 

REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION

REGENCY CENTERS, L.P.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Florida (Regency Centers Corporation) 

001-12298 (Regency Centers Corporation) 

59-3191743 (Regency Centers Corporation)

Delaware (Regency Centers, L.P.) 

000-24763 (Regency Centers, L.P.) 

59-3429602 (Regency Centers, L.P.)

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

One Independent Drive, Suite 114

Jacksonville, Florida32202

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(904) 

598-7000

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable 

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 

8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230 .425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 

14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 

14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 

13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Regency Centers Corporation 

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.01 par value REG The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

6.250% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share REGCP The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

5.875% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share REGCO The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Regency Centers, L.P. 

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

None N/A N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 

12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

(240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events 

On January 6, 2025, Regency Centers Corporation (the Company or our) entered into an amendment to each of certain equity distribution agreements then in effect, by and among the Company, Regency Centers, L.P., each of Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Jefferies LLC, Truist Securities, Inc., BTIG, LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Mizuho Securities USA LLC, TD Securities (USA) LLC, BMO Capital Markets Corp., Regions Securities LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., and BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC, as sales agents, or as forward sellers (except that, in the case of BTIG, references to forward seller refer instead to Nomura Securities International, Inc. (acting through BTIG, LLC as agent)) as well as each of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, New York 

Branch, Bank of America, N.A., Mizuho Markets America LLC, Jefferies LLC, Bank of Montreal, The Bank of Nova Scotia, The Toronto-Dominion Bank, Truist Bank, Regions Securities LLC, The Bank of New York Mellon and Nomura Global Financial Products, Inc., as forward purchasers, in order to reflect the appointment of Latham & Watkins LLP as our counsel (as amended and restated from time to time, the Equity Distribution Agreements). 

Shares of common stock of the Company, having an aggregate offering price of up to $500,000,000, to be sold from time to time pursuant to the Equity Distribution Agreements, will continue to be issued pursuant to that certain prospectus supplement (the ATM Prospectus Supplement) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on August 8, 2023, and the accompanying base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) dated March 23, 2023, each forming part of the Companys shelf registration statement on Form 

S-3 (Registration 

No. 333-270763) filed with the SEC on March 23, 2023. 

The Company is filing herewith as Exhibit 99.1 certain revised tax disclosure in connection with the ATM Prospectus Supplement, which is incorporated by reference herein and therein, and replaces and supersedes in its entirety the section under Certain Material Federal Income Tax Considerations included in each of the Base Prospectus and the ATM Prospectus Supplement, respectively. 

Additionally, the paragraph under Validity of Securities of the ATM Prospectus Supplement is replaced in its entirety with the following: 

Certain legal matters, including certain U.S. federal income tax matters described under Federal Income Tax Considerations, will be passed upon for us by Latham & Watkins LLP, Los Angeles, California. The validity of the common stock offered hereby will be passed upon for us by Foley & Lardner LLP. The sales agents have been represented by Sullivan & Cromwell LLP. The forward purchasers have been represented by Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP. 

This Current Report on Form 

8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits 

(d) 

Exhibits 

1.1 

Amendment No. 1 to Equity Distribution Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, among Regency Centers Corporation, Regency Centers, L.P., BTIG, LLC, Nomura Securities International, Inc. and Nomura Global Financial Products, Inc. The amendments listed below are substantially identical in all material respects to the Amendment No. 1 to Equity Distribution Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, among Regency Centers Corporation, Regency Centers, L.P., BTIG, LLC, Nomura Securities International, Inc. and Nomura Global Financial Products, Inc., except for the identities of the parties and the amendment number associated with each such amendment, and have not been filed as exhibits to the Companys reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, pursuant to Instruction 2 to Item 601 of Regulation S-K.

i. Amendment No. 3 to Equity Distribution Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, among Regency Centers Corporation, Regency Centers, L.P., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association.

ii. Amendment No. 3 to Equity Distribution Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, among Regency Centers Corporation, Regency Centers, L.P., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, New York Branch.

iii. Amendment No. 1 to Equity Distribution Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, among Regency Centers 

Corporation, Regency Centers, L.P. and Jefferies LLC.

iv. Amendment No. 1 to Equity Distribution Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, among Regency Centers Corporation, Regency Centers, L.P., Truist Securities, Inc. and Truist Bank.

v. Amendment No. 3 to Equity Distribution Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, among Regency Centers Corporation, Regency Centers, L.P., BofA Securities, Inc. and Bank of America, N.A.

vi. Amendment No. 3 to Equity Distribution Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, among Regency Centers Corporation, Regency Centers, L.P., Mizuho Securities USA LLC and Mizuho Markets America LLC.

vii. Amendment No. 1 to Equity Distribution Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, among Regency Centers Corporation, Regency Centers, L.P., TD Securities (USA) LLC and The Toronto-Dominion Bank.

viii. Amendment No. 1 to Equity Distribution Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, among Regency Centers Corporation, Regency Centers, L.P., BMO Capital Markets Corp. and Bank of Montreal.

ix. Amendment No. 1 to Equity Distribution Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, among Regency Centers Corporation, Regency Centers, L.P. and Regions Securities LLC.

x. Amendment No. 1 to Equity Distribution Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, among Regency Centers Corporation, Regency Centers, L.P., Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. and The Bank of Nova Scotia.

xi. Amendment No. 1 to Equity Distribution Agreement, dated January 6, 2025, among Regency Centers Corporation, Regency Centers, L.P., BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon.

8.1 Opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP as to tax matters.

23.1 Consent of Latham & Watkins LLP (included in Exhibit 8.1). 

99.1 Federal Income Tax Considerations. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION

January 6, 2025 By: 

/s/ Michael R. Herman

Michael R. Herman, Senior Vice President

General Counsel and Corporate Secretary

REGENCY CENTERS, L.P.

By: Regency Centers Corporation, its general partner

January 6, 2025 By: 

/s/ Michael R. Herman

Michael R. Herman, Senior Vice President

General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d907285dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION 

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THE 

EQUITY DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT 

January 6, 2025 

BTIG, LLC 

65 East 55th Street 

New York, NY 10022 

Nomura Securities International, Inc. 

309 West 49th Street 

New York, NY 10019 

Nomura Global Financial Products, Inc. 

309 West 49th Street 

New York, NY 10019 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Reference is made to the
Equity Distribution Agreement dated August 8, 2023 (as amended from time to time, the Agreement), among Regency Centers Corporation, a Florida corporation (the Company), Regency Centers, L.P., a Delaware
limited partnership (the Partnership), Nomura Global Financial Products, Inc. (the Forward Purchaser), BTIG, LLC (the Agent) and Nomura Securities International, Inc. (acting through BTIG, LLC
as agent) (the Forward Seller). In consideration of the mutual promises and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company, the Partnership, the Forward
Purchaser, the Forward Seller and the Agent hereby agree to enter into this Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement, dated the date hereof (the Amendment No. 1), with the purpose of amending certain terms of the
Agreement. 

SECTION 1. Definitions. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used herein shall have the respective
meanings assigned thereto in the Agreement. 

SECTION 2. Amendment of the Agreement. 

(a) Section 7(p), Opinions of Counsel for Company, shall be replaced in its entirety as follows: 

(p) Opinions of Counsel for Company. On or prior to the date that the first Shares are sold pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement and on each Bring-Down Date, the Company shall cause to be furnished (1) to Agent, the Forward Seller and the Forward Purchaser the written opinions and 10b-5 statement of Latham &
Watkins LLP, counsel for the Company, dated the date that the opinions and 10b-5 statement are required to be delivered, in the forms attached hereto as
Exhibit G-1, modified, as necessary, to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as then amended or 

supplemented and (2) to Agent, the Forward Seller and the Forward Purchaser the written opinion of Foley & Lardner LLP, Florida counsel for the Company, dated the date that the
opinion is required to be delivered, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit G-2; provided, however, that in lieu of such opinions and 10b-5
statement for a Bring-Down Date, each such counsel may furnish Agent, the Forward Seller and the Forward Purchaser with a letter to the effect that Agent, the Forward Seller and the Forward Purchaser may rely on a prior opinion and/or 10b-5 statement delivered under this Section 7(p) to the same extent as if it were dated the date of such letter (except that statements in such prior opinion or 10b-5
statement shall be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended or supplemented at such Bring-Down Date). 

(b) Section 9(a)(5), Opinions of Counsel for Company, shall be replaced in its entirety as follows: 

(5) Opinions of Counsel for Company. Agent, the Forward Seller and the Forward Purchaser shall have received the
favorable opinions and 10b-5 statement of Latham & Watkins LLP, counsel for the Company, and the favorable opinion of Foley & Lardner LLP, Florida counsel for the Company, required to be
delivered pursuant to Section 7(p) on or before the date on which such delivery of such opinions and 10b-5 statement is required pursuant to Section 7(p). 

(c) Section 14, Notices, is revised to replace with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice) Foley & Lardner,
One Independent Drive, Suite 1300, Jacksonville, Florida 32202, Attention: Michael B. Kirwan (facsimile (904) 359-8700), with with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice) Latham &
Watkins LLP, 355 South Grand Avenue, Los Angeles, California 90071, (213) 485-1234, Attention: Julian T. H. Kleindorfer and Abigail C. Smith. 

(d) Exhibit G of the Agreement shall be amended by deleting Exhibit G in its entirety and replacing it with Exhibit G-1 and Exhibit G-2 attached hereto. 

SECTION 3. Effectiveness. This Amendment No. 1 shall automatically become effective as of the date hereof and all references in
the Agreement to this Agreement or the like shall refer to the Agreement as further amended hereby. 

SECTION 4.
Counterparts. This Amendment No. 1 may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which shall together constitute one and
the same instrument. 

SECTION 5. Law; Construction. THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE RELATING TO OR
ARISING OUT OF THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

SECTION 6. Entire Agreement. This Amendment No. 1 and the Agreement as further amended hereby constitute the entire agreement and
understanding between the parties hereto and supersede any and all prior agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as further amended hereby, all of the terms of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect
and are hereby confirmed in all respects. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign and return to the
Company a counterpart hereof, whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts, will become a binding agreement among the Forward Seller, Forward Purchaser, the Agent, the Company and the Partnership in accordance with its terms. 

Very truly yours,

REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION

By: /s/ Christy McElroy

Name: Christy McElroy

Title: SVP, Capital Markets

REGENCY CENTERS, L.P.

By: Regency Centers Corporation, its general partner

By: /s/ Christy McElroy

Name: Christy McElroy

Title: SVP, Capital Markets

CONFIRMED AND ACCEPTED, as of the date first above written:

BTIG, LLC, as Agent

By: /s/ Michael Passaro

Name: Michael Passaro

Title: Managing Director

Nomura Securities International, Inc. (acting through BTIG,
LLC as agent), as Forward Seller 

By: /s/ Jason Eisenhauer

Name: Jason Eisenhauer

Title: Managing Director

Nomura Global Financial Products, Inc., as Forward
Purchaser 

By: /s/ Jeffrey Petillo

Name: Jeffrey Petillo

Title: Authorized Representative
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-8.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d907285dex81.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-8.1
<TEXT>
EX-8.1

Exhibit 8.1 

10250 Constellation Blvd., Suite 1100

Los Angeles, California 90067

Tel: +1.424.653.5500 Fax: +1.424.653.5501

www.lw.com

FIRM / AFFILIATE OFFICES

Austin Milan

Beijing Munich

Boston New York

Brussels Orange County

Century City Paris

Chicago Riyadh

January 6, 2025 Dubai San Diego

Dsseldorf San Francisco

Frankfurt Seoul

Hamburg Silicon Valley

Hong Kong Singapore

Houston Tel Aviv

London Tokyo

Los Angeles Washington, D.C.

Madrid 

Regency Centers Corporation 

One
Independent Drive, Suite 114 

Jacksonville, Florida 32202 

Re: 

Current Report on Form 8-K

To the addressee set forth above: 

We have acted
as special tax counsel to Regency Centers Corporation, a Florida corporation (the Company), and Regency Centers, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership), in connection with their
filing on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) of a Current Report on Form 8-K (the Current Report), including
Exhibit 99.1 thereto. The discussion contained in Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report under the caption Federal Income Tax Considerations supersedes and replaces in its entirety the discussion under the caption Certain Material
Federal Income Tax Considerations in the prospectus dated March 23, 2023 (the Base Prospectus), which is a part of the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (the
Registration Statement) (File Nos. 333-270763 and 333-270763-01) filed by the Company and the
Partnership with the Commission on March 23, 2023, which provides that it will be supplemented by one or more prospectus supplements, and which is also attached to (a) the prospectus supplement dated August 8, 2023 filed by the
Company with the Commission on August 8, 2023 pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Rule 424(b)), (b) the prospectus supplement dated January 8, 2024 filed by the Partnership with the
Commission on January 9, 2024 pursuant to Rule 424(b), and (c) the prospectus supplement dated August 12, 2024 filed by the Partnership with the Commission on August 13, 2024 pursuant to Rule 424(b). 

You have requested our opinion concerning certain of the federal income tax considerations relating to the Company. This opinion is based on
certain assumptions and factual representations, including the facts set forth in the Registration Statement and the Base Prospectus, concerning the business, assets and governing documents of the Company, the Partnership and their subsidiaries. We
have also been furnished with, and with your consent have relied upon, certain representations made by the Company, the Partnership and their subsidiaries with respect to certain factual matters through a certificate of an officer of the Company,
dated as of the date hereof (the Officers Certificate). 

January 6, 2025 

Page 2 

In our capacity as special tax counsel to the Company, we have made such legal and factual
examinations and inquiries, including an examination of originals or copies certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction of such documents, corporate records and other instruments as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for purposes of
this opinion. For purposes of our opinion, we have not made an independent investigation or audit of the facts set forth in the above referenced documents or in the Officers Certificate. In addition, in rendering this opinion we have assumed
the truth and accuracy of all representations and statements made to us that are qualified as to knowledge or belief, without regard to such qualification. In our examination, we have assumed the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as
originals, the genuineness of all signatures thereon, the legal capacity of natural persons executing such documents and the conformity to authentic original documents of all documents submitted to us as copies. 

We are opining herein only with respect to the federal income tax laws of the United States, and we express no opinion with respect to the
applicability thereto, or the effect thereon, of other federal laws or the laws of any state or other jurisdiction, or as to any matters of municipal law or the laws of any other local agencies within any state. 

Based on such facts, and subject to the qualifications, assumptions, representations and limitations set forth herein, we hereby confirm that:

1. Commencing with the Companys taxable year ended December 31, 2021, the Company has been organized and has operated in
conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a real estate investment trust (a REIT) under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and its proposed method of
operation will enable the Company to continue to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code. 

2. The
statements set forth in Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report under the caption Federal Income Tax Considerations, insofar as they purport to describe or summarize certain provisions of the statutes or regulations referred to therein, are
accurate descriptions or summaries in all material respects. 

No opinion is expressed as to any matter not discussed herein. 

This opinion is rendered as of the date of this letter, and we undertake no obligation to update this opinion subsequent to the date hereof.
This opinion is based on various statutory provisions, regulations promulgated thereunder and interpretations thereof by the Internal Revenue Service and the courts having jurisdiction over such matters, all of which are subject to change either
prospectively or retroactively. Any such change may affect the conclusions stated herein. Also, any variation or difference in the facts from those set forth in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus or the Officers Certificate may
affect the conclusions stated herein. As described in the Base Prospectus, the Companys qualification and taxation as a REIT depend upon the Companys ability to meet the various requirements imposed under the Code, including through

January 6, 2025 

Page 3 

actual annual operating results, asset composition, distribution levels and diversity of stock ownership, the results of which have not been and will not be reviewed by Latham & Watkins
LLP. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the actual results of the Companys operation for any particular taxable year will satisfy such requirements. In addition, the opinion set forth above does not foreclose the possibility that the
Company may have to pay a deficiency dividend, or an excise or penalty tax, which could be significant in amount, in order to maintain its REIT qualification. 

This opinion is rendered only to you and is solely for your benefit in connection with the Current Report upon the understanding that we are
not hereby assuming professional responsibility to any other person whatsoever. This opinion may not be relied upon by you for any other purpose, or furnished to, assigned to, quoted to or relied upon by any other person, firm or other entity for
any purpose, without our prior written consent, which may be granted or withheld in our sole discretion, provided that this opinion may be relied upon by persons entitled to rely on it pursuant to applicable provisions of federal securities law.

We consent to your filing this opinion as an exhibit to the Current Report and to the reference to our firm contained in Exhibit 99.1 to
the Current Report under the caption Federal Income Tax Considerations. Additionally, we hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of this opinion as an exhibit to the registration statements on Form S-3 and S-3ASR of the Company
and the Partnership under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Nos. 333-125858, 333-202971, 333-270763 and 333-270763-01) and to the reference to our firm name in such registration statements under the captions Certain Material Federal
Income Tax Considerations, Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations or Certain Federal Income Tax Considerations, as applicable, and Legal Matters. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that
we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. 

Sincerely, 

/s/ Latham & Watkins LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d907285dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 

The following is a general summary of certain material U.S. federal income tax considerations regarding our election to be taxed as a real
estate investment trust (REIT) and the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our capital stock or the debt securities of Regency Centers, L.P. (the Partnership). This summary replaces and supersedes in all respects the
information contained under the heading Certain Material Federal Income Tax Considerations that is contained in the registration statements on Form S-3 and S-3ASR of the Company and the Partnership
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Nos. 333-125858, 333-202971, 333-270763 and 333-270763-01). For purposes of this discussion, references to we, our and us mean
only Regency Centers Corporation and do not include any of its subsidiaries, except as otherwise indicated. This summary is for general information only and is not tax advice. The information in this summary is based on: 

the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code); 

current, temporary and proposed Treasury regulations promulgated under the Code (the Treasury
Regulations); 

the legislative history of the Code; 

administrative interpretations and practices of the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS); and

court decisions; 

in each case, as of January 6, 2025. In addition, the administrative interpretations and practices of the IRS include its practices and policies as
expressed in private letter rulings that are not binding on the IRS except with respect to the particular taxpayers who requested and received those rulings. The sections of the Code and the corresponding Treasury Regulations that relate to
qualification and taxation as a REIT are highly technical and complex. The following discussion sets forth certain material aspects of the sections of the Code that govern the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a REIT and its stockholders and the
holders of the Partnerships debt securities. This summary is qualified in its entirety by the applicable Code provisions, Treasury Regulations promulgated under the Code, and administrative and judicial interpretations thereof. Potential tax
reforms may result in significant changes to the rules governing U.S. federal income taxation. New legislation, Treasury Regulations, administrative interpretations and practices and/or court decisions may significantly and adversely affect our
ability to qualify as a REIT, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of such qualification, or the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in our capital stock or the Partnerships debt securities, including those described in
this discussion. Moreover, the law relating to the tax treatment of other entities, or an investment in other entities, could change, making an investment in such other entities more attractive relative to an investment in a REIT. Any such changes
could apply retroactively to transactions preceding the date of the change. We have not requested, and do not plan to request, any rulings from the IRS that we qualify as a REIT, and the statements herein are not binding on the IRS or any court.
Thus, we can provide no assurance that the tax considerations contained in this discussion will not be challenged by the IRS or will be sustained by a court if challenged by the IRS. This summary does not discuss any state, local or non-U.S. tax consequences, or any tax consequences arising under any U.S. federal tax laws other than U.S. federal income tax laws, associated with the purchase, ownership or disposition of our capital stock or the
Partnerships debt securities, or our election to be taxed as a REIT. 

You are urged to consult your tax advisors regarding the
tax consequences to you of: 

the purchase, ownership and disposition of our capital stock, including the U.S. federal, state, local, non-U.S. and other tax consequences;

our election to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and

potential changes in applicable tax laws.

Taxation of Our Company 

General. We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code commencing with our taxable year ended
December 31, 1993. We believe that we have been organized and have operated in a manner that has allowed us to qualify for taxation as a REIT under the Code commencing with such taxable year, 

and we intend to continue to be organized and operate in this manner. However, qualification and taxation as a REIT depend upon our ability to meet the various qualification tests imposed under
the Code, including through actual operating results, asset composition, distribution levels and diversity of stock ownership. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that we have been organized and have operated, or will continue to be organized and
operate, in a manner so as to qualify or remain qualified as a REIT. See Failure to Qualify for potential tax consequences if we fail to qualify as a REIT. 

Latham & Watkins LLP has acted as our tax counsel in connection with the Current Report on Form
8-K filed by the Company and the Partnership on the date hereof and our election to be taxed as a REIT. Latham & Watkins LLP has rendered an opinion to us, as of January 6, 2025, to the effect
that, commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2021, we have been organized and have operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code, and our proposed method of operation will
enable us to continue to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code. It must be emphasized that this opinion was based on various assumptions and representations as to factual matters, including representations
made by us in a factual certificate provided by one or more of our officers. In addition, this opinion was based upon our factual representations set forth herein. Moreover, our qualification and taxation as a REIT depend upon our ability to meet
the various qualification tests imposed under the Code, which are discussed below, including through actual operating results, asset composition, distribution levels and diversity of stock ownership, the results of which have not been and will not
be reviewed by Latham & Watkins LLP. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that our actual results of operations for any particular taxable year have satisfied or will satisfy those requirements. Further, the anticipated U.S. federal
income tax treatment described herein may be changed, perhaps retroactively, by legislative, administrative or judicial action at any time. Latham & Watkins LLP has no obligation to update its opinion subsequent to the date of such opinion.

Provided we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we generally will not be required to pay U.S. federal corporate income taxes on our REIT
taxable income that is currently distributed to our stockholders. This treatment substantially eliminates the double taxation that ordinarily results from investment in a C corporation. A C corporation is a corporation that generally is
required to pay tax at the corporate level. Double taxation means taxation once at the corporate level when income is earned and once again at the stockholder level when the income is distributed. We will, however, be required to pay U.S. federal
income tax as follows: 

First, we will be required to pay regular U.S. federal corporate income tax on any undistributed REIT taxable
income, including undistributed capital gain. 

Second, if we have (1) net income from the sale or other disposition of foreclosure property
held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business or (2) other nonqualifying income from foreclosure property, we will be required to pay regular U.S. federal corporate income tax on this income. To the extent that income
from foreclosure property is otherwise qualifying income for purposes of the 75% gross income test, this tax is not applicable. Subject to certain other requirements, foreclosure property generally is defined as property we acquired through
foreclosure or after a default on a loan secured by the property or a lease of the property. 

Third, we will be required to pay a 100% tax on any net income from prohibited transactions. Prohibited
transactions are, in general, sales or other taxable dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. 

Fourth, if we fail to satisfy the 75% gross income test or the 95% gross income test, as described below, but
have otherwise maintained our qualification as a REIT because certain other requirements are met, we will be required to pay a tax equal to (1) the greater of (A) the amount by which we fail to satisfy the 75% gross income test and
(B) the amount by which we fail to satisfy the 95% gross income test, multiplied by (2) a fraction intended to reflect our profitability. 

Fifth, if we fail to satisfy any of the asset tests (other than a de minimis failure of the 5% or 10%
asset test), as described below, due to reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect, and we nonetheless maintain our REIT qualification because of specified cure provisions, we will be required to pay a tax equal to the greater of $50,000 or the
U.S. federal corporate income tax rate multiplied by the net income generated by the nonqualifying assets that caused us to fail such test. 

Sixth, if we fail to satisfy any provision of the Code that would result in our failure to qualify as a REIT
(other than a violation of the gross income tests or certain violations of the asset tests, as described below) and the violation is due to reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect, we may retain our REIT qualification but we will be required
to pay a penalty of $50,000 for each such failure. 

Seventh, we will be required to pay a 4% excise tax to the extent we fail to distribute during each calendar year
at least the sum of (1) 85% of our ordinary income for the year, (2) 95% of our capital gain net income for the year, and (3) any undistributed taxable income from prior periods. 

Eighth, if we acquire any asset from a corporation that is or has been a C corporation in a transaction in which
our tax basis in the asset is less than the fair market value of the asset, in each case determined as of the date on which we acquired the asset, and we subsequently recognize gain on the disposition of the asset during the five-year period
beginning on the date on which we acquired the asset, then we generally will be required to pay regular U.S. federal corporate income tax on this gain to the extent of the excess of (1) the fair market value of the asset over (2) our
adjusted tax basis in the asset, in each case determined as of the date on which we acquired the asset. The results described in this paragraph with respect to the recognition of gain assume that the C corporation will refrain from making an
election to receive different treatment under applicable Treasury Regulations on its tax return for the year in which we acquire the asset from the C corporation. Under applicable Treasury Regulations, any gain from the sale of property we acquired
in an exchange under Section 1031 (a like-kind exchange) or Section 1033 (an involuntary conversion) of the Code generally is excluded from the application of this built-in gains tax.

Ninth, our subsidiaries that are C corporations and are not qualified REIT subsidiaries, including our
taxable REIT subsidiaries described below, generally will be required to pay regular U.S. federal corporate income tax on their earnings. 

Tenth, we will be required to pay a 100% tax on any redetermined rents, redetermined
deductions, excess interest or redetermined TRS service income, as described below under Penalty Tax. In general, redetermined rents are rents from real property that are overstated as a result of
services furnished to any of our tenants by a taxable REIT subsidiary of ours. Redetermined deductions and excess interest generally represent amounts that are deducted by a taxable REIT subsidiary of ours for amounts paid to us that are in excess
of the amounts that would have been deducted based on arms length negotiations. Redetermined TRS service income generally represents income of a taxable REIT subsidiary that is understated as a result of services provided to us or on our
behalf. 

Eleventh, we may elect to retain and pay income tax on our net capital gain. In that case, a stockholder would
include its proportionate share of our undistributed capital gain (to the extent we make a timely designation of such gain to the stockholder) in its income, would be deemed to have paid the tax that we paid on such gain, and would be allowed a
credit for its proportionate share of the tax deemed to have been paid, and an adjustment would be made to increase the tax basis of the stockholder in our capital stock. 

Twelfth, if we fail to comply with the requirement to send annual letters to our stockholders holding at least a
certain percentage of our stock, as determined under applicable Treasury Regulations, requesting information regarding the actual ownership of our stock, and the failure is not due to reasonable cause or is due to willful neglect, we will be subject
to a $25,000 penalty, or if the failure is intentional, a $50,000 penalty. 

We and our subsidiaries may be subject to a
variety of taxes other than U.S. federal income tax, including payroll taxes and state and local income, property and other taxes on our assets and operations. 

From time to time, we may own properties in other countries, which may impose taxes on our operations within their jurisdictions. To the
extent possible, we will structure our activities to minimize our non-U.S. tax liability. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to eliminate our
non-U.S. tax liability or reduce it to a specified level. Furthermore, as a REIT, both we and our stockholders will derive little or no benefit from foreign tax credits arising from those non-U.S. taxes. 

Requirements for Qualification as a REIT. The Code defines a REIT as a
corporation, trust or association: 

(1) 

that is managed by one or more trustees or directors; 

(2) 

that issues transferable shares or transferable certificates to evidence its beneficial ownership;

(3) 

that would be taxable as a domestic corporation, but for Sections 856 through 860 of the Code;

(4) 

that is not a financial institution or an insurance company within the meaning of certain provisions of the
Code; 

(5) 

that is beneficially owned by 100 or more persons; 

(6) 

not more than 50% in value of the outstanding stock of which is owned, actually or constructively, by five or
fewer individuals, including certain specified entities, during the last half of each taxable year; and 

(7) 

that meets other tests, described below, regarding the nature of its income and assets and the amount of its
distributions. 

The Code provides that conditions (1) to (4), inclusive, must be met during the entire taxable year
and that condition (5) must be met during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months, or during a proportionate part of a taxable year of less than 12 months. Conditions (5) and (6) do not apply until after the first taxable year for
which an election is made to be taxed as a REIT. For purposes of condition (6), the term individual includes a supplemental unemployment compensation benefit plan, a private foundation or a portion of a trust permanently set aside or
used exclusively for charitable purposes, but generally does not include a qualified pension plan or profit sharing trust. 

We believe
that we have been organized and have operated in a manner that has allowed us, and will continue to allow us, to satisfy conditions (1) through (7), inclusive, during the relevant time periods. In addition, our charter provides for restrictions
regarding ownership and transfer of our shares that are intended to assist us in continuing to satisfy the share ownership requirements described in conditions (5) and (6) above. A description of the share ownership and transfer restrictions
relating to our capital stock is contained in the discussion in the prospectus under the heading Description of the Securities That May Be Offered by Regency Centers CorporationCapital Stock of Regency Centers
CorporationRestrictions on Ownership of Capital Stock. These restrictions, however, do not ensure that we have previously satisfied, and may not ensure that we will, in all cases, be able to continue to satisfy, the share ownership
requirements described in conditions (5) and (6) above. If we fail to satisfy these share ownership requirements, then except as provided in the next sentence, our status as a REIT will terminate. If, however, we comply with the rules contained
in applicable Treasury Regulations that require us to ascertain the actual ownership of our shares and we do not know, or would not have known through the exercise of reasonable diligence, that we failed to meet the requirement described in
condition (6) above, we will be treated as having met this requirement. See Failure to Qualify. 

In addition, we
may not maintain our status as a REIT unless our taxable year is the calendar year.We have and will continue to have a calendar taxable year. 

Ownership of Interests in Partnerships, Limited Liability Companies and Qualified REIT Subsidiaries. In the case of a REIT that
is a partner in a partnership (for purposes of this discussion, references to partnership include a limited liability company treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and references to partner include a
member in such a limited liability company), Treasury Regulations provide that the REIT will be deemed to own its proportionate share of the assets of the partnership based on its interest in partnership capital, subject to special rules relating to
the 10% asset test described below. Also, the REIT will be deemed to be entitled to its proportionate share of the income of that entity. The assets and gross income of the partnership retain the same character in the hands of the REIT for purposes
of Section 856 of the Code, including satisfying the gross income tests and the asset tests. Thus, our pro rata share of the assets and items of income of the Partnership, including the 

Partnerships share of these items of any partnership or disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes in which it owns an interest, is treated as our assets and items of income
for purposes of applying the requirements described in this discussion, including the gross income and asset tests described below. A brief summary of the rules governing the U.S. federal income taxation of partnerships is set forth below in
Tax Aspects of the Partnership and the Subsidiary Partnerships and Limited Liability Companies. 

We have control of the
Partnership and the subsidiary partnerships and intend to operate them in a manner consistent with the requirements for our qualification as a REIT. If we become a limited partner or non-managing member in any
partnership and such entity takes or expects to take actions that could jeopardize our status as a REIT or require us to pay tax, we may be forced to dispose of our interest in such entity. In addition, it is possible that a partnership could take
an action which could cause us to fail a gross income or asset test, and that we would not become aware of such action in time to dispose of our interest in the partnership or take other corrective action on a timely basis. In such a case, we could
fail to qualify as a REIT unless we were entitled to relief, as described below. 

We may from time to time own and operate certain
properties through wholly-owned subsidiaries that we intend to be treated as qualified REIT subsidiaries under the Code. A corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) will qualify as our
qualified REIT subsidiary if we own 100% of the corporations outstanding stock and do not elect with the subsidiary to treat it as a taxable REIT subsidiary, as described below. A qualified REIT subsidiary is not treated as a
separate corporation, and all assets, liabilities and items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit of a qualified REIT subsidiary are treated as assets, liabilities and items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit of the parent REIT for
all purposes under the Code, including all REIT qualification tests. Thus, in applying the U.S. federal income tax requirements described in this discussion, any qualified REIT subsidiaries we own are ignored, and all assets, liabilities and items
of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit of such corporations are treated as our assets, liabilities and items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit. A qualified REIT subsidiary is not subject to U.S. federal income tax, and our ownership
of the stock of a qualified REIT subsidiary will not violate the restrictions on ownership of securities, as described below under Asset Tests. 

Ownership of Interests in Taxable REIT Subsidiaries. We and the Partnership own interests in companies that have elected,
together with us, to be treated as our taxable REIT subsidiaries, and we may acquire securities in additional taxable REIT subsidiaries in the future. A taxable REIT subsidiary is a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S.
federal income tax purposes) other than a REIT in which a REIT directly or indirectly holds stock, and that has made a joint election with such REIT to be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary. If a taxable REIT subsidiary owns more than 35% of the
total voting power or value of the outstanding securities of another corporation, such other corporation will also be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary. Other than some activities relating to lodging and health care facilities, a taxable REIT
subsidiary may generally engage in any business, including the provision of customary or non-customary services to tenants of its parent REIT. A taxable REIT subsidiary is subject to U.S. federal income tax as
a regular C corporation. A REIT is not treated as holding the assets of a taxable REIT subsidiary or as receiving any income that the taxable REIT subsidiary earns. Rather, the stock issued by the taxable REIT subsidiary is an asset in the hands of
the REIT, and the REIT generally recognizes as income the dividends, if any, that it receives from the taxable REIT subsidiary. A REITs ownership of securities of a taxable REIT subsidiary is not subject to the 5% or 10% asset test described
below. See Asset Tests. Taxpayers are subject to a limitation on their ability to deduct net business interest generally equal to 30% of adjusted taxable income, subject to certain exceptions. See Annual Distribution
Requirements. While not certain, this provision may limit the ability of our taxable REIT subsidiaries to deduct interest, which could increase their taxable income. 

Ownership of Interests in Subsidiary REITs.We own and may acquire direct or indirect interests in one or
more entities that have elected or will elect to be taxed as REITs under the Code (each, a Subsidiary REIT). A Subsidiary REIT is subject to the various REIT qualification requirements and other limitations described herein that are
applicable to us. If a Subsidiary REIT were to fail to qualify as a REIT, then (i) that Subsidiary REIT would become subject to U.S. federal income tax and (ii) the Subsidiary REITs failure to qualify could have an adverse effect on
our ability to comply with the REIT income and asset tests, and thus could impair our ability to qualify as a REIT unless we could avail ourselves of certain relief provisions. 

Income Tests. We must satisfy two gross income requirements annually to
maintain our qualification as a REIT. First, in each taxable year we must derive directly or indirectly at least 75% of our gross income (excluding gross income from prohibited transactions, certain hedging transactions and certain foreign currency
gains) from investments relating to real property or mortgages on real property, including rents from real property, dividends from other REITs and, in certain circumstances, interest, or certain types of temporary investments. Second,
in each taxable year we must derive at least 95% of our gross income (excluding gross income from prohibited transactions, certain hedging transactions and certain foreign currency gains) from the real property investments described above or
dividends, interest and gain from the sale or disposition of stock or securities, or from any combination of the foregoing. For these purposes, the term interest generally does not include any amount received or accrued, directly or
indirectly, if the determination of all or some of the amount depends in any way on the income or profits of any person. However, an amount received or accrued generally will not be excluded from the term interest solely by reason of
being based on a fixed percentage or percentages of receipts or sales. 

Rents we receive from a tenant will qualify as rents from
real property for the purpose of satisfying the gross income requirements for a REIT described above only if all of the following conditions are met: 

The amount of rent is not based in whole or in part on the income or profits of any person. However, an amount we
receive or accrue generally will not be excluded from the term rents from real property solely because it is based on a fixed percentage or percentages of receipts or sales or if it is based on the net income of a tenant which derives
substantially all of its income with respect to such property from subleasing of substantially all of such property, to the extent that the rents paid by the subtenants would qualify as rents from real property if we earned such amounts directly;

Neither we nor an actual or constructive owner of 10% or more of our capital stock actually or constructively
owns 10% or more of the interests in the assets or net profits of a non-corporate tenant, or, if the tenant is a corporation, 10% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock entitled to
vote or 10% or more of the total value of all classes of stock of the tenant. Rents we receive from such a tenant that is a taxable REIT subsidiary of ours, however, will not be excluded from the definition of rents from real property as
a result of this condition if at least 90% of the space at the property to which the rents relate is leased to third parties, and the rents paid by the taxable REIT subsidiary are substantially comparable to rents paid by our other tenants for
comparable space. Whether rents paid by a taxable REIT subsidiary are substantially comparable to rents paid by other tenants is determined at the time the lease with the taxable REIT subsidiary is entered into, extended, and modified, if such
modification increases the rents due under such lease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, if a lease with a controlled taxable REIT subsidiary is modified and such modification results in an increase in the rents payable by such
taxable REIT subsidiary, any such increase will not qualify as rents from real property. For purposes of this rule, a controlled taxable REIT subsidiary is a taxable REIT subsidiary in which the parent REIT owns stock
possessing more than 50% of the voting power or more than 50% of the total value of the outstanding stock of such taxable REIT subsidiary; 

Rent attributable to personal property, leased in connection with a lease of real property, is not greater than
15% of the total rent received under the lease. If this condition is not met, then the portion of the rent attributable to personal property will not qualify as rents from real property.To the extent that rent attributable to personal property, leased in connection with a lease of real property, exceeds 15% of the total rent received under the lease, we may transfer a portion of such personal property to a taxable REIT
subsidiary; and 

We generally may not operate or manage the property or furnish or render services to our tenants, subject to a 1%
de minimis exception and except as provided below. We may, however, perform services that are usually or customarily rendered in connection with the rental of space for occupancy only and are not otherwise considered
rendered to the occupant of the property. Examples of these services include the provision of light, heat, or other utilities, trash removal and general maintenance of common areas. In addition, we may employ an independent contractor
from whom we derive no revenue to provide customary services to our tenants, or a taxable REIT subsidiary (which may be wholly or partially owned by us) to provide both customary and non-customary services to
our tenants, without causing the rent we receive from those tenants to fail to qualify as rents from real property. 

We generally do not intend, and, as the general partner of the Partnership, we do not intend
to permit the Partnership, to take actions we believe will cause us to fail to satisfy the rental conditions described above. However, we may intentionally fail to satisfy some of these conditions to the extent we determine, based on the advice of
our tax counsel, that the failure will not jeopardize our tax status as a REIT. In addition, with respect to the limitation on the rental of personal property, we generally have not obtained appraisals of the real property and personal property
leased to tenants. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not disagree with our determinations of value. 

Income we
receive that is attributable to the rental of parking spaces at the properties generally will constitute rents from real property for purposes of the gross income tests if certain services provided with respect to the parking spaces are performed by
independent contractors from whom we derive no revenue, either directly or indirectly, or by a taxable REIT subsidiary, and certain other conditions are met. We believe that the income we receive that is attributable to parking spaces will meet
these tests and, accordingly, will constitute rents from real property for purposes of the gross income tests. 

From time to time, we may
enter into hedging transactions with respect to one or more of our assets or liabilities. Our hedging activities may include entering into interest rate swaps, caps, and floors, options to purchase these items, and futures and forward contracts.
Income from a hedging transaction, including gain from the sale or disposition of such a transaction, that is clearly identified as a hedging transaction as specified in the Code will not constitute gross income under, and thus will be excluded
from, the 75% and 95% gross income tests. The term hedging transaction, as used above, generally means (A) any transaction we enter into in the normal course of our business primarily to manage risk of (1) interest rate changes
or fluctuations with respect to borrowings made or to be made by us to acquire or carry real estate assets, or (2) currency fluctuations with respect to an item of qualifying income under the 75% or 95% gross income test or any property which
generates such income and (B) new transactions entered into to hedge the income or loss from prior hedging transactions, where the property or indebtedness which was the subject of the prior hedging transaction was extinguished or disposed of.
To the extent that we do not properly identify such transactions as hedges or we hedge with other types of financial instruments, the income from those transactions is not likely to be treated as qualifying income for purposes of the gross income
tests. We intend to structure any hedging transactions in a manner that does not jeopardize our status as a REIT. 

From time to time, we
may invest in one or more entities located outside the United States, through a taxable REIT subsidiary or otherwise. These acquisitions could cause us to incur foreign currency gains or losses. Any foreign currency gains, to the extent attributable
to specified items of qualifying income or gain, or specified qualifying assets, however, generally will not constitute gross income for purposes of the 75% and 95% gross income tests, and therefore will be excluded from these tests. 

To the extent our taxable REIT subsidiaries pay dividends or interest, our allocable share of such dividend or interest income will qualify
under the 95%, but not the 75%, gross income test (except that our allocable share of such interest would also qualify under the 75% gross income test to the extent the interest is paid on a loan that is adequately secured by real property). 

We will monitor the amount of the dividend and other income from our taxable REIT subsidiaries and will take actions intended to keep this
income, and any other nonqualifying income, within the limitations of the gross income tests. Although we expect these actions will be sufficient to prevent a violation of the gross income tests, we cannot guarantee that such actions will in all
cases prevent such a violation. 

If we fail to satisfy one or both of the 75% or 95% gross income tests for any taxable year, we may
nevertheless qualify as a REIT for the year if we are entitled to relief under certain provisions of the Code. We generally may make use of the relief provisions if: 

following our identification of the failure to meet the 75% or 95% gross income tests for any taxable year, we
file a schedule with the IRS setting forth each item of our gross income for purposes of the 75% or 95% gross income tests for such taxable year in accordance with Treasury Regulations to be issued; and 

our failure to meet these tests was due to reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect.

It is not possible, however, to state whether in all circumstances we would be entitled to
the benefit of these relief provisions. For example, if we fail to satisfy the gross income tests because nonqualifying income that we intentionally accrue or receive exceeds the limits on nonqualifying income, the IRS could conclude that our
failure to satisfy the tests was not due to reasonable cause. If these relief provisions do not apply to a particular set of circumstances, we will not qualify as a REIT. See Failure to Qualify below. As discussed above in
General, even if these relief provisions apply, and we retain our status as a REIT, a tax would be imposed with respect to our nonqualifying income. We may not always be able to comply with the gross income tests for REIT
qualification despite periodic monitoring of our income. 

Prohibited Transaction Income. Any gain that we realize on the
sale of property (other than any foreclosure property) held as inventory or otherwise held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business, including our share of any such gain realized by the Partnership, either directly or
through its subsidiary partnerships, will be treated as income from a prohibited transaction that is subject to a 100% penalty tax, unless certain safe harbor exceptions apply. This prohibited transaction income may also adversely affect our ability
to satisfy the gross income tests for qualification as a REIT. Under existing law, whether property is held as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business is a question of fact that depends on all the
facts and circumstances surrounding the particular transaction. As the general partner of the Partnership, we intend to cause the Partnership to hold its properties for investment with a view to long-term appreciation, to engage in the business of
acquiring, developing and owning its properties and to make occasional sales of the properties as are consistent with our investment objectives. We do not intend, and do not intend to permit the Partnership or its subsidiary partnerships, to enter
into any sales that are prohibited transactions. However, the IRS may successfully contend that some or all of the sales made by the Partnership or its subsidiary partnerships are prohibited transactions. We would be required to pay the 100% penalty
tax on our allocable share of the gains resulting from any such sales. The 100% penalty tax will not apply to gains from the sale of assets that are held through a taxable REIT subsidiary, but such income will be subject to regular U.S. federal
corporate income tax. 

Penalty Tax. Any redetermined rents, redetermined deductions, excess interest or redetermined TRS
service income we generate will be subject to a 100% penalty tax. In general, redetermined rents are rents from real property that are overstated as a result of any services furnished to any of our tenants by a taxable REIT subsidiary of ours,
redetermined deductions and excess interest represent any amounts that are deducted by a taxable REIT subsidiary of ours for amounts paid to us that are in excess of the amounts that would have been deducted based on arms length negotiations,
and redetermined TRS service income is income of a taxable REIT subsidiary that is understated as a result of services provided to us or on our behalf. Rents we receive will not constitute redetermined rents if they qualify for certain safe harbor
provisions contained in the Code. 

We do not believe we have been, and do not expect to be, subject to this penalty tax, although any
rental or service arrangements we enter into from time to time may not satisfy the safe-harbor provisions referenced above. We intend to set any fees paid to our taxable REIT subsidiaries for services, and any rent payable to us by our taxable REIT
subsidiaries, at arms length rates, although the amounts paid may not satisfy the safe-harbor provisions referenced above. These determinations are inherently factual, and the IRS has broad discretion to assert that amounts paid between
related parties should be reallocated to clearly reflect their respective incomes. If the IRS successfully made such an assertion, we would be required to pay a 100% penalty tax on any overstated rents paid to us, or any excess deductions or
understated income of our taxable REIT subsidiaries. 

Asset Tests. At the close of each calendar quarter of our taxable
year, we must also satisfy certain tests relating to the nature and diversification of our assets. First, at least 75% of the value of our total assets must be represented by real estate assets, cash, cash items and U.S. government securities. For
purposes of this test, the term real estate assets generally means real property (including interests in real property and interests in mortgages on real property or on both real property and, to a limited extent, personal property),
shares (or transferable certificates of beneficial interest) in other REITs, any stock or debt instrument attributable to the investment of the proceeds of a stock offering or a public offering of debt with a term of at least five years (but only
for the one-year period beginning on the date the REIT receives such proceeds), debt instruments of publicly offered REITs, and personal property leased in connection with a lease of real property for which
the rent attributable to personal property is not greater than 15% of the total rent received under the lease. 

Second, not more than 25% of the value of our total assets may be represented by securities
(including securities of taxable REIT subsidiaries), other than those securities includable in the 75% asset test. 

Third, of the
investments included in the 25% asset class, and except for certain investments in other REITs, our qualified REIT subsidiaries and taxable REIT subsidiaries, the value of any one issuers securities may not exceed 5% of the value of our total
assets, and we may not own more than 10% of the total vote or value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. Certain types of securities we may own are disregarded as securities solely for purposes of the 10% value test, including, but not
limited to, securities satisfying the straight debt safe harbor, securities issued by a partnership that itself would satisfy the 75% income test if it were a REIT, any loan to an individual or an estate, any obligation to pay rents from
real property and any security issued by a REIT. In addition, solely for purposes of the 10% value test, the determination of our interest in the assets of a partnership in which we own an interest will be based on our proportionate interest in any
securities issued by the partnership, excluding for this purpose certain securities described in the Code. From time to time we may own securities (including debt securities) of issuers that do not qualify as a REIT, a qualified REIT subsidiary or a
taxable REIT subsidiary. We intend that our ownership of any such securities will be structured in a manner that allows us to comply with the asset tests described above. 

Fourth, not more than 20% (25% for taxable years beginning after July 30, 2008 and before January 1, 2018) of the value of our total
assets may be represented by the securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries. We and the Partnership own interests in companies that have elected, together with us, to be treated as our taxable REIT subsidiaries, and we may acquire
securities in additional taxable REIT subsidiaries in the future. So long as each of these companies qualifies as a taxable REIT subsidiary of ours, we will not be subject to the 5% asset test, the 10% voting power limitation or the 10% value
limitation with respect to our ownership of the securities of such companies. We believe that the aggregate value of our taxable REIT subsidiaries has not exceeded, and in the future will not exceed, 20% (25% for taxable years beginning after
July 30, 2008 and before January 1, 2018) of the aggregate value of our gross assets. We generally do not obtain independent appraisals to support these conclusions. In addition, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not disagree
with our determinations of value. 

Fifth, not more than 25% of the value of our total assets may be represented by debt instruments of
publicly offered REITs to the extent those debt instruments would not be real estate assets but for the inclusion of debt instruments of publicly offered REITs in the meaning of real estate assets, as described above (e.g., a debt instrument issued
by a publicly offered REIT that is not secured by a mortgage on real property). 

In addition, we may acquire certain mezzanine loans
secured by equity interests in pass-through entities that directly or indirectly own real property. Revenue Procedure 2003-65 (the Revenue Procedure) provides a safe harbor pursuant to which
mezzanine loans meeting the requirements of the safe harbor will be treated by the IRS as real estate assets for purposes of the REIT asset tests. In addition, any interest derived from such mezzanine loans will be treated as qualifying mortgage
interest for purposes of the 75% gross income test (described above). Although the Revenue Procedure provides a safe harbor on which taxpayers may rely, it does not prescribe rules of substantive tax law. The mezzanine loans that we acquire may not
meet all of the requirements of the safe harbor. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not challenge the qualification of such assets as real estate assets or the interest generated by these loans as qualifying income under the
75% gross income test (described above). The asset tests must be satisfied at the close of each calendar quarter of our taxable year in which we (directly or through any partnership or qualified REIT subsidiary) acquire securities in the applicable
issuer, and also at the close of each calendar quarter in which we increase our ownership of securities of such issuer (including as a result of an increase in our interest in any partnership that owns such securities). For example, our indirect
ownership of securities of each issuer will increase as a result of our capital contributions to the Partnership or as limited partners exercise any redemption/exchange rights. Also, after initially meeting the asset tests at the close of any
quarter, we will not lose our status as a REIT for failure to satisfy the asset tests at the end of a later quarter solely by reason of changes in asset values. If we fail to satisfy an asset test because we acquire securities or other property
during a quarter (including as a result of an increase in our interest in any partnership), we may cure this failure by disposing of sufficient nonqualifying assets within 30 days after the close of that quarter. We believe that

we have maintained, and we intend to maintain, adequate records of the value of our assets to ensure compliance with the asset tests. If we fail to cure any noncompliance with the asset tests
within the 30-day cure period, we would cease to qualify as a REIT unless we are eligible for certain relief provisions discussed below. 

Certain relief provisions may be available to us if we discover a failure to satisfy the asset tests described above after the 30-day cure period. Under these provisions, we will be deemed to have met the 5% and 10% asset tests if the value of our nonqualifying assets (i) does not exceed the lesser of (a) 1% of the total value of our
assets at the end of the applicable quarter or (b) $10,000,000, and (ii) we dispose of the nonqualifying assets or otherwise satisfy such tests within (a) six months after the last day of the quarter in which the failure to satisfy the
asset tests is discovered or (b) the period of time prescribed by Treasury Regulations to be issued. For violations of any of the asset tests due to reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect and that are, in the case of the 5% and 10%
asset tests, in excess of the de minimis exception described above, we may avoid disqualification as a REIT after the 30-day cure period by taking steps including (i) the disposition of sufficient
nonqualifying assets, or the taking of other actions, which allow us to meet the asset tests within (a) six months after the last day of the quarter in which the failure to satisfy the asset tests is discovered or (b) the period of time
prescribed by Treasury Regulations to be issued, (ii) paying a tax equal to the greater of (a) $50,000 or (b) the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate multiplied by the net income generated by the nonqualifying assets, and
(iii) disclosing certain information to the IRS. 

Although we believe we have satisfied the asset tests described above and plan to
take steps to ensure that we satisfy such tests for any quarter with respect to which retesting is to occur, there can be no assurance that we will always be successful, or will not require a reduction in the Partnerships overall interest in
an issuer (including in a taxable REIT subsidiary). If we fail to cure any noncompliance with the asset tests in a timely manner, and the relief provisions described above are not available, we would cease to qualify as a REIT. 

Annual Distribution Requirements. To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we are required to distribute dividends, other than
capital gain dividends, to our stockholders each year in an amount at least equal to the sum of: 

90% of our REIT taxable income; and 

90% of our after-tax net income, if any, from foreclosure property; minus

the excess of the sum of certain items of non-cash income over 5% of our
REIT taxable income. 

For these purposes, our REIT taxable income is computed without regard to the dividends paid
deduction and our net capital gain. In addition, for purposes of this test, non-cash income generally means income attributable to leveled stepped rents, original issue discount, cancellation of indebtedness,
or a like-kind exchange that is later determined to be taxable. 

In addition, our REIT taxable income will be reduced by any taxes we are
required to pay on any gain we recognize from the disposition of any asset we acquired from a corporation that is or has been a C corporation in a transaction in which our tax basis in the asset is less than the fair market value of the asset, in
each case determined as of the date on which we acquired the asset, within the five-year period following our acquisition of such asset, as described above under General. 

Except as provided below, a taxpayers deduction for net business interest expense will generally be limited to 30% of its taxable
income, as adjusted for certain items of income, gain, deduction or loss. Any business interest deduction that is disallowed due to this limitation may be carried forward to future taxable years, subject to special rules applicable to partnerships.
If we or any of our subsidiary partnerships (including the Partnership) are subject to this interest expense limitation, our REIT taxable income for a taxable year may be increased. Taxpayers that conduct certain real estate businesses may elect not
to have this interest expense limitation apply to them, provided that they use an alternative depreciation system to depreciate certain property. We believe that we or any of our subsidiary partnerships that are subject to this interest expense
limitation will be eligible to make this election. If such election is made, although we or such subsidiary partnership, as applicable, would not be subject to the interest expense limitation described above, depreciation deductions may be reduced
and, as a result, our REIT taxable income for a taxable year may be increased. 

We generally must pay, or be treated as paying, the distributions described above in the
taxable year to which they relate. At our election, a distribution will be treated as paid in a taxable year if it is declared before we timely file our tax return for such year and paid on or before the first regular dividend payment after such
declaration, provided such payment is made during the 12-month period following the close of such year. These distributions are treated as received by our stockholders in the year in which they are paid. This
is so even though these distributions relate to the prior year for purposes of the 90% distribution requirement. In order to be taken into account for purposes of our distribution requirement, except as provided below, the amount distributed must
not be preferentiali.e., every stockholder of the class of stock to which a distribution is made must be treated the same as every other stockholder of that class, and no class of stock may be treated other than according to its
dividend rights as a class. This preferential dividend limitation will not apply to distributions made by us, provided we qualify as a publicly offered REIT. We believe that we are, and expect we will continue to be, a publicly offered
REIT. However, Subsidiary REITs we may own from time to time may not be publicly offered REITs. To the extent that we do not distribute all of our net capital gain, or distribute at least 90%, but less than 100%, of our REIT taxable income, as
adjusted, we will be required to pay regular U.S. federal corporate income tax on the undistributed amount. We believe that we have made, and we intend to continue to make, timely distributions sufficient to satisfy these annual distribution
requirements and to minimize our corporate tax obligations. In this regard, the partnership agreement of the Partnership authorizes us, as the general partner of the Partnership, to take such steps as may be necessary to cause the Partnership to
distribute to its partners an amount sufficient to permit us to meet these distribution requirements and to minimize our corporate tax obligation. 

We expect that our REIT taxable income will be less than our cash flow because of depreciation and other
non-cash charges included in computing REIT taxable income. Accordingly, we anticipate that we generally will have sufficient cash or liquid assets to enable us to satisfy the distribution requirements
described above. However, from time to time, we may not have sufficient cash or other liquid assets to meet these distribution requirements due to timing differences between the actual receipt of income and actual payment of deductible expenses, and
the inclusion of income and deduction of expenses in determining our taxable income. In addition, we may decide to retain our cash, rather than distribute it, in order to repay debt or for other reasons. If these timing differences occur, we may
borrow funds to pay dividends or pay dividends in the form of taxable stock distributions in order to meet the distribution requirements, while preserving our cash. 

Under some circumstances, we may be able to rectify an inadvertent failure to meet the 90% distribution requirement for a year by paying
deficiency dividends to our stockholders in a later year, which may be included in our deduction for dividends paid for the earlier year. In that case, we may be able to avoid being taxed on amounts distributed as deficiency dividends,
subject to the 4% excise tax described below. However, we will be required to pay interest to the IRS based upon the amount of any deduction claimed for deficiency dividends. While the payment of a deficiency dividend will apply to a prior year for
purposes of our REIT distribution requirements, it will be treated as an additional distribution to our stockholders in the year such dividend is paid. In addition, if a dividend paid by a REIT (including one of our Subsidiary REITs) is treated as a
preferential dividend, in lieu of treating the dividend as not counting toward satisfying the 90% distribution requirement, the IRS may provide a remedy to cure such failure if the IRS determines that such failure is (or is of a type that is)
inadvertent or due to reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect. 

Furthermore, we will be required to pay a 4% excise tax to the
extent we fail to distribute during each calendar year at least the sum of 85% of our ordinary income for such year, 95% of our capital gain net income for the year and any undistributed taxable income from prior periods. Any ordinary income and net
capital gain on which U.S. federal corporate income tax is imposed for any year is treated as an amount distributed during that year for purposes of calculating this excise tax. 

For purposes of the 90% distribution requirement and excise tax described above, dividends declared during the last three months of the
taxable year, payable to stockholders of record on a specified date during such period and paid during January of the following year, will be treated as paid by us and received by our stockholders on December 31 of the year in which they are
declared. 

Like-Kind Exchanges. We may dispose of real property that is not held primarily for sale in transactions intended
to qualify as like-kind exchanges under the Code. Such like-kind exchanges are intended to result in the deferral of gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The failure of any such transaction to qualify as a like-kind exchange could require us
to pay U.S. federal income tax, possibly including the 100% prohibited transaction tax, or deficiency dividends, depending on the facts and circumstances surrounding the particular transaction. 

Tax Liabilities and Attributes Inherited in Connection with Acquisitions. From
time to time, we or the Partnership may acquire other corporations or entities and, in connection with such acquisitions, we may succeed to the historical tax attributes and liabilities of such entities. For example, if we acquire a C corporation
and subsequently dispose of its assets within five years of the acquisition, we could be required to pay the built-in gain tax described above under General. In addition, in order to qualify
as a REIT, at the end of any taxable year, we must not have any earnings and profits accumulated in a non-REIT year. As a result, if we acquire a C corporation, we must distribute the corporations
earnings and profits accumulated prior to the acquisition before the end of the taxable year in which we acquire the corporation. We also could be required to pay the acquired entitys unpaid taxes even though such liabilities arose prior to
the time we acquired the entity. 

Moreover, we or one of our subsidiaries may from time to time acquire other REITs through a merger or
acquisition. If any such REIT failed to qualify as a REIT for any of its taxable years, such REIT would be liable for (and we or our subsidiary, as applicable, as the surviving corporation in the merger or acquisition, would be obligated to pay)
regular U.S. federal corporate income tax on its taxable income for such taxable years. In addition, if such REIT was a C corporation at the time of the merger or acquisition, the tax consequences described in the preceding paragraph generally would
apply. If such REIT failed to qualify as a REIT for any of its taxable years, but qualified as a REIT at the time of such merger or acquisition, and we acquired such REITs assets in a transaction in which our tax basis in the assets of such
REIT is determined, in whole or in part, by reference to such REITs tax basis in such assets, we generally would be subject to tax on the built-in gain on each asset of such REIT as described above if we
were to dispose of the asset in a taxable transaction during the five-year period following such REITs requalification as a REIT, subject to certain exceptions. Moreover, even if such REIT qualified as a REIT at all relevant times, we would
similarly be liable for other unpaid taxes (if any) of such REIT (such as the 100% tax on gains from any sales treated as prohibited transactions as described above under Prohibited Transaction Income). 

Furthermore, after our acquisition of another corporation or entity, the asset and income tests will apply to all of our assets, including the
assets we acquire from such corporation or entity, and to all of our income, including the income derived from the assets we acquire from such corporation or entity. As a result, the nature of the assets that we acquire from such corporation or
entity and the income we derive from those assets may have an effect on our tax status as a REIT. 

Failure to Qualify. If we
discover a violation of a provision of the Code that would result in our failure to qualify as a REIT, certain specified cure provisions may be available to us. Except with respect to violations of the gross income tests and asset tests (for which
the cure provisions are described above), and provided the violation is due to reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect, these cure provisions generally impose a $50,000 penalty for each violation in lieu of a loss of REIT status. If we fail
to satisfy the requirements for taxation as a REIT in any taxable year, and the relief provisions do not apply, we will be required to pay regular U.S. federal corporate income tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax, on our taxable
income. Distributions to stockholders in any year in which we fail to qualify as a REIT will not be deductible by us. As a result, we anticipate that our failure to qualify as a REIT would reduce the cash available for distribution by us to our
stockholders. In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will not be required to distribute any amounts to our stockholders and all distributions to stockholders will be taxable as regular corporate dividends to the extent of our current and
accumulated earnings and profits. In such event, corporate stockholders may be eligible for the dividends-received deduction. In addition, non-corporate stockholders, including individuals, may be eligible for
the preferential tax rates on qualified dividend income. Non-corporate stockholders, including individuals, generally may deduct up to 20% of dividends from a REIT, other than capital gain dividends and
dividends treated as qualified dividend income, for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026 for purposes of determining their U.S. federal income tax (but not for purposes of the 3.8% Medicare tax), subject to certain holding period
requirements and other limitations. If we fail to qualify as a REIT, such stockholders may not claim this deduction with respect to dividends paid by us. Unless entitled to relief under specific statutory provisions, we would also be ineligible to
elect to be treated as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year for which we lose our qualification. It is not possible to state whether in all circumstances we would be entitled to this statutory relief. 

Tax Aspects of the Partnership and the Subsidiary Partnerships and Limited Liability Companies 

General. All of our investments are held indirectly through the Partnership. In addition, the Partnership holds certain of its
investments indirectly through subsidiary partnerships and limited liability companies that we believe are and will continue to be treated as partnerships or disregarded entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In general, entities that are
treated as partnerships or disregarded entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes are pass-through entities which are not required to pay U.S. federal income tax. Rather, partners of such partnerships are allocated their shares of the
items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit of the partnership, and are potentially required to pay tax on this income, without regard to whether they receive a distribution from the partnership. We will include in our income our share of
these partnership items for purposes of the various gross income tests, the computation of our REIT taxable income, and the REIT distribution requirements. Moreover, for purposes of the asset tests, we will include our pro rata share of assets held
by the Partnership, including its share of the assets of its subsidiary partnerships, based on our capital interests in each such entity. See Taxation of Our CompanyOwnership of Interests in Partnerships, Limited Liability
Companies and Qualified REIT Subsidiaries. A disregarded entity is not treated as a separate entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and all assets, liabilities and items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit of a disregarded entity
are treated as assets, liabilities and items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit of its parent that is not a disregarded entity (e.g., the Partnership) for all purposes under the Code, including all REIT qualification tests. 

Entity Classification. Our interests in the Partnership and the subsidiary partnerships and limited liability companies involve
special tax considerations, including the possibility that the IRS might challenge the status of these entities as partnerships or disregarded entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For example, an entity that would otherwise be treated as a
partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes may nonetheless be taxable as a corporation if it is a publicly traded partnership and certain other requirements are met. A partnership would be treated as a publicly traded partnership
if its interests are traded on an established securities market or are readily tradable on a secondary market or a substantial equivalent thereof, within the meaning of applicable Treasury Regulations. We do not anticipate that the Partnership or
any subsidiary partnership will be treated as a publicly traded partnership that is taxable as a corporation. However, if any such entity were treated as a corporation, it would be required to pay an entity-level tax on its income. In this
situation, the character of our assets and items of gross income would change and could prevent us from satisfying the REIT asset tests and possibly the REIT income tests. See Taxation of Our CompanyAsset Tests and
Income Tests. This, in turn, could prevent us from qualifying as a REIT. See Taxation of Our CompanyFailure to Qualify for a discussion of the effect of our failure to meet these tests. In addition, a change
in the tax status of the Partnership or a subsidiary treated as a partnership or disregarded entity to a corporation might be treated as a taxable event. If so, we might incur a tax liability without any related cash payment. We believe the
Partnership and each of the subsidiary partnerships and limited liability companies are and will continue to be treated as partnerships or disregarded entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

Allocations of Items of Income, Gain, Loss and Deduction. A partnership agreement (or, in the case of a limited liability
company treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the limited liability company agreement) generally will determine the allocation of income and loss among partners. These allocations, however, will be disregarded for tax
purposes if they do not comply with the provisions of Section 704(b) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. Generally, Section 704(b) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder require that partnership allocations
respect the economic arrangement of the partners. If an allocation of partnership income or loss does not comply with the requirements of Section 704(b) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder, the item subject to the allocation
will be reallocated in accordance with the partners interests in the partnership. This reallocation will be determined by taking into account all of the facts and circumstances relating to the economic arrangement of the partners with respect
to such item. The allocations of taxable income and loss of the Partnership and any subsidiaries that are treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 704(b) of the Code
and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. 

Tax Allocations With Respect to the Properties. Under Section 704(c) of the
Code, items of income, gain, loss and deduction attributable to appreciated or depreciated property that is contributed to a partnership in exchange for an interest in the partnership must be allocated in a manner so that the contributing partner is
charged with the unrealized gain or benefits from the unrealized loss associated with the property at the time of the contribution. The amount of the unrealized gain or unrealized loss generally is equal to the difference between the fair market
value or book value and the adjusted tax basis of the contributed property at the time of contribution (this difference is referred to as a book-tax difference), as adjusted from time to time. These
allocations are solely for U.S. federal income tax purposes and do not affect the book capital accounts or other economic or legal arrangements among the partners. 

The Partnership may, from time to time, acquire interests in property in exchange for
interests in the Partnership. In that case, the tax basis of these property interests generally will carry over to the Partnership, notwithstanding their different book (i.e., fair market) value. The partnership agreement requires that income
and loss allocations with respect to these properties be made in a manner consistent with Section 704(c) of the Code. Treasury Regulations issued under Section 704(c) of the Code provide partnerships with a choice of several methods of
accounting for book-tax differences. Depending on the method we choose in connection with any particular contribution, the carryover basis of each of the contributed interests in the properties in the hands of
the Partnership (1) could cause us to be allocated lower amounts of depreciation deductions for tax purposes than would be allocated to us if any of the contributed properties were to have a tax basis equal to its respective fair market value
at the time of the contribution and (2) could cause us to be allocated taxable gain in the event of a sale of such contributed interests or properties in excess of the economic or book income allocated to us as a result of such sale, with a
corresponding benefit to the other partners in the Partnership. An allocation described in clause (2) above might cause us or the other partners to recognize taxable income in excess of cash proceeds in the event of a sale or other disposition
of property, which might adversely affect our ability to comply with the REIT distribution requirements. See Taxation of Our CompanyRequirements for Qualification as a REIT and Annual Distribution
Requirements. 

Any property acquired by the Partnership in a taxable transaction will initially have a tax basis equal to its fair
market value, and Section 704(c) of the Code generally will not apply. 

Partnership Audit Rules. Under current
tax law, subject to certain exceptions, any audit adjustment to items of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit of a partnership (and any partners distributive share thereof) is determined, and taxes, interest, or penalties attributable
thereto are assessed and collected, at the partnership level. It is possible that these rules could result in partnerships in which we directly or indirectly invest, including the Partnership, being required to pay additional taxes, interest and
penalties as a result of an audit adjustment, and we, as a direct or indirect partner of these partnerships, could be required to bear the economic burden of those taxes, interest, and penalties even though we, as a REIT, may not otherwise have been
required to pay additional corporate-level taxes as a result of the related audit adjustment.Investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these rules and their potential
impact on their investment in our capital stock. 

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to Holders of Our Capital Stock and the
Partnerships Debt Securities 

The following discussion is a summary of certain material U.S. federal income tax consequences to
you of purchasing, owning and disposing of our capital stock or the Partnerships debt securities. This discussion is limited to holders who hold our capital stock or the Partnerships debt securities as capital assets within
the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code (generally, property held for investment). This discussion does not address all U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to a holders particular circumstances, including the alternative minimum
tax. In addition, except where specifically noted, it does not address consequences relevant to holders subject to special rules, including, without limitation: 

U.S. expatriates and former citizens or long-term residents of the United States; 

U.S. holders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; 

persons holding our capital stock or the Partnerships debt securities as part of a hedge, straddle or other
risk reduction strategy or as part of a conversion transaction or other integrated investment; 

banks, insurance companies, and other financial institutions; 

REITs or regulated investment companies; 

brokers, dealers or traders in securities; 

controlled foreign corporations, passive foreign investment companies, and corporations
that accumulate earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax; 

S corporations, partnerships or other entities or arrangements treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income
tax purposes (and investors therein); 

tax-exempt organizations or governmental organizations;

persons subject to special tax accounting rules as a result of any item of gross income with respect to our
capital stock or the Partnerships debt securities being taken into account in an applicable financial statement; 

persons deemed to sell our capital stock or the Partnerships debt securities under the constructive sale
provisions of the Code; 

tax-qualified retirement plans; and 

persons who hold or receive our capital stock pursuant to the exercise of any employee stock option or otherwise
as compensation. 

THIS DISCUSSION IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND IS NOT INTENDED AS TAX ADVICE. INVESTORS
SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE APPLICATION OF THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS TO THEIR PARTICULAR SITUATIONS AS WELL AS ANY TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR CAPITAL STOCK OR THE
PARTNERSHIPS DEBT SECURITIES ARISING UNDER OTHER U.S. FEDERAL TAX LAWS (INCLUDING ESTATE AND GIFT TAX LAWS), UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. TAXING JURISDICTION OR UNDER ANY APPLICABLE TAX
TREATY. 

For purposes of this discussion, a U.S. holder is a beneficial owner of our capital stock or the
Partnerships debt securities that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, is or is treated as: 

an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; 

a corporation created or organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof, or the District of
Columbia; 

an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source; or

a trust that (1) is subject to the primary supervision of a U.S. court and the control of one or more
United States persons (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) or (2) has a valid election in effect to be treated as a United States person for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

For purposes of this discussion, a non-U.S. holder is any beneficial owner of our capital
stock or the Partnerships debt securities that is neither a U.S. holder nor an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

If an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds our capital stock or the Partnerships debt securities,
the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will depend on the status of the partner, the activities of the partnership and certain determinations made at the partner level. Accordingly, partnerships holding our capital stock or the
Partnerships debt securities and the partners in such partnerships should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them. 

Taxation of Taxable U.S. Holders of Our Capital Stock 

Distributions Generally. Distributions out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits will be treated as dividends and,
other than with respect to capital gain dividends and certain amounts which have previously been subject to corporate level tax, as discussed below, will be taxable to our taxable U.S. holders as ordinary income when actually or constructively
received. See Tax Rates below. As long as we qualify as a REIT, these distributions will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction in the case of U.S. holders that are corporations or, except to the extent described in
Tax Rates below, the preferential rates on qualified dividend income applicable to non-corporate U.S. holders, including individuals. For purposes of determining whether distributions to
holders of our capital stock are out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, our earnings and profits will be allocated first to our outstanding preferred stock, if any, and then to our outstanding common stock. 

To the extent that we make distributions on our capital stock in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits allocable to such
stock, these distributions will be treated first as a tax-free return of capital to a U.S. holder to the extent of the U.S. holders adjusted tax basis in such shares of stock. This treatment will reduce
the U.S. holders adjusted tax basis in such shares of stock by such amount, but not below zero. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits and in excess of a U.S. holders adjusted tax basis in its shares
will be taxable as capital gain. Such gain will be taxable as long-term capital gain if the shares have been held for more than one year. Dividends we declare in October, November, or December of any year and which are payable to a holder of record
on a specified date in any of these months will be treated as both paid by us and received by the holder on December 31 of that year, provided we actually pay the dividend on or before January 31 of the following year. U.S. holders may not
include in their own income tax returns any of our net operating losses or capital losses. 

U.S. holders that receive taxable stock
distributions, including distributions partially payable in our capital stock and partially payable in cash, would be required to include the full amount of the distribution (i.e., the cash and the stock portion) as a dividend (subject to
limited exceptions) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as described above. The amount of any distribution payable in our capital stock generally is equal to the amount of cash that
could have been received instead of the capital stock. Depending on the circumstances of a U.S. holder, the tax on the distribution may exceed the amount of the distribution received in cash, in which case such U.S. holder would have to pay the tax
using cash from other sources. If a U.S. holder sells the capital stock it received in connection with a taxable stock distribution in order to pay this tax and the proceeds of such sale are less than the amount required to be included in income
with respect to the stock portion of the distribution, such U.S. holder could have a capital loss with respect to the stock sale that could not be used to offset such income. A U.S. holder that receives capital stock pursuant to such distribution
generally has a tax basis in such capital stock equal to the amount of cash that could have been received instead of such capital stock as described above, and has a holding period in such capital stock that begins on the day immediately following
the payment date for the distribution. 

Capital Gain Dividends. Dividends that we properly designate as capital gain
dividends will generally be taxable to our taxable U.S. holders as a gain from the sale or disposition of a capital asset held for more than one year, to the extent that such gain does not exceed our actual net capital gain for the taxable year, and
may not exceed our dividends paid for the taxable year, including dividends paid the following year that are treated as paid in the current year. U.S. holders that are corporations may, however, be required to treat up to 20% of certain capital gain
dividends as ordinary income. If we properly designate any portion of a dividend as a capital gain dividend, then, except as otherwise required by law, we presently intend to allocate a portion of the total capital gain dividends paid or made
available to holders of all classes of our capital stock for the year to the holders of each class of our capital stock in proportion to the amount that our total dividends, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, paid or made available
to the holders of each such class of our capital stock for the year bears to the total dividends, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, paid or made available to holders of all classes of our capital stock for the year. In addition,
except as otherwise required by law, we will make a similar allocation with respect to any undistributed long-term capital gains which are to be included in our stockholders long-term capital gains, based on the allocation of the capital gain
amount which would have resulted if those undistributed long-term capital gains had been distributed as capital gain dividends by us to our stockholders. 

Retention of Net Capital Gains. We may elect to retain, rather than distribute as a capital gain dividend, all or a portion of
our net capital gains. If we make this election, we would pay tax on our retained net capital gains. In addition, to the extent we so elect, our earnings and profits (determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) would be adjusted accordingly,
and a U.S. holder generally would: 

include its pro rata share of our undistributed capital gain in computing its long-term capital gains in its U.S.
federal income tax return for its taxable year in which the last day of our taxable year falls, subject to certain limitations as to the amount that is includable; 

be deemed to have paid its share of the capital gains tax imposed on us on the designated amounts included in the
U.S. holders income as long-term capital gain; 

receive a credit or refund for the amount of tax deemed paid by it; 

increase the adjusted tax basis of its capital stock by the difference between the amount of includable gains and
the tax deemed to have been paid by it; and 

in the case of a U.S. holder that is a corporation, appropriately adjust its earnings and profits for the
retained capital gains in accordance with Treasury Regulations to be promulgated by the IRS. 

Passive Activity
Losses and Investment Interest Limitations. Distributions we make and gain arising from the sale or exchange of our capital stock by a U.S. holder will not be treated as passive activity income. As a result, U.S. holders generally will not
be able to apply any passive losses against this income or gain. A U.S. holder generally may elect to treat capital gain dividends, capital gains from the disposition of our capital stock and income designated as qualified dividend
income, as described in Tax Rates below, as investment income for purposes of computing the investment interest limitation, but in such case, the holder will be taxed at ordinary income rates on such amount. Other distributions
made by us, to the extent they do not constitute a return of capital, generally will be treated as investment income for purposes of computing the investment interest limitation. 

Dispositions of Our Capital Stock. Except as described below under Taxation of Taxable U.S. Holders of Our Capital
StockRedemption or Repurchase by Us, if a U.S. holder sells or disposes of shares of our capital stock, it will recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes in an amount equal to the difference between the amount of cash
and the fair market value of any property received on the sale or other disposition and the holders adjusted tax basis in the shares. This gain or loss, except as provided below, will be long-term capital gain or loss if the holder has held
such capital stock for more than one year. However, if a U.S. holder recognizes a loss upon the sale or other disposition of capital stock that it has held for six months or less, after applying certain holding period rules, the loss recognized will
be treated as a long-term capital loss to the extent the U.S. holder received distributions from us which were required to be treated as long-term capital gains. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. 

Redemption or Repurchase by Us. A redemption or repurchase of shares of our capital stock will be treated under Section 302
of the Code as a distribution (and taxable as a dividend to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits as described above under Distributions Generally) unless the redemption or repurchase satisfies one of the
tests set forth in Section 302(b) of the Code and is therefore treated as a sale or exchange of the redeemed or repurchased shares. The redemption or repurchase generally will be treated as a sale or exchange if it: 

is substantially disproportionate with respect to the U.S. holder, 

results in a complete redemption of the U.S. holders stock interest in us, or

is not essentially equivalent to a dividend with respect to the U.S. holder, 

all within the meaning of Section 302(b) of the Code. 

In determining whether any of these tests has been met, shares of our capital stock, including capital stock and other equity interests in us,
considered to be owned by the U.S. holder by reason of certain constructive ownership rules set forth in the Code, as well as shares of our capital stock actually owned by the U.S. holder, generally must be taken into account. Because the
determination as to whether any of the alternative tests of Section 302(b) of the Code will be satisfied with respect to the U.S. holder depends upon the facts and circumstances at the time that the determination must be made, U.S. holders are
advised to consult their tax advisors to determine such tax treatment. 

If a redemption or repurchase of shares of our capital stock is treated as a distribution,
the amount of the distribution will be measured by the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property received. See Distributions Generally. A U.S. holders adjusted tax basis in the redeemed or repurchased shares
generally will be transferred to the holders remaining shares of our capital stock, if any. If a U.S. holder owns no other shares of our capital stock, under certain circumstances, such basis may be transferred to a related person or it may be
lost entirely. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a redemption or repurchase of our capital stock. 

If a redemption or repurchase of shares of our capital stock is not treated as a distribution, it will be treated as a taxable sale or
exchange in the manner described under Dispositions of Our Capital Stock. 

Tax Rates. The maximum tax rate
for non-corporate taxpayers for (1) long-term capital gains, including certain capital gain dividends, generally is 20% (although depending on the characteristics of the assets which produced
these gains and on designations which we may make, certain capital gain dividends may be taxed at a 25% rate) and (2) qualified dividend income generally is 20%. In general, dividends payable by REITs are not eligible for the reduced tax
rate on qualified dividend income, except to the extent that certain holding period requirements have been met and the REITs dividends are attributable to dividends received from taxable corporations (such as its taxable REIT subsidiaries) or
to income that was subject to tax at the corporate/REIT level (for example, if the REIT distributed taxable income that it retained and paid tax on in the prior taxable year). Capital gain dividends will only be eligible for the rates described
above to the extent that they are properly designated by the REIT as capital gain dividends. U.S. holders that are corporations may be required to treat up to 20% of some capital gain dividends as ordinary income. In addition, non-corporate U.S. holders, including individuals, generally may deduct up to 20% of dividends from a REIT, other than capital gain dividends and dividends treated as qualified dividend income, for taxable years
beginning before January 1, 2026 for purposes of determining their U.S. federal income tax (but not for purposes of the 3.8% Medicare tax), subject to certain holding period requirements and other limitations. 

Taxation of Tax-Exempt Holders of Our Capital Stock 

Dividend income from us and gain arising upon a sale of shares of our capital stock generally should not be unrelated business taxable income
(UBTI) to a tax-exempt holder, except as described below. This income or gain will be UBTI, however, to the extent a tax-exempt holder holds its shares as
debt-financed property within the meaning of the Code. Generally, debt-financed property is property the acquisition or holding of which was financed through a borrowing by the
tax-exempt holder. 

For tax-exempt holders that are social
clubs, voluntary employee benefit associations or supplemental unemployment benefit trusts exempt from U.S. federal income taxation under Sections 501(c)(7), (c)(9) or (c)(17) of the Code, respectively, income from an investment in our shares will
constitute UBTI unless the organization is able to properly claim a deduction for amounts set aside or placed in reserve for specific purposes so as to offset the income generated by its investment in our shares. These prospective investors should
consult their tax advisors concerning these set aside and reserve requirements. 

Notwithstanding the above, however, a portion
of the dividends paid by a pension-held REIT may be treated as UBTI as to certain trusts that hold more than 10%, by value, of the interests in the REIT. A REIT will not be a pension-held REIT if it is able to satisfy the
not closely held requirement without relying on the look-through exception with respect to certain trusts or if such REIT is not predominantly held by qualified trusts. As a result of restrictions on
ownership and transfer of our stock contained in our charter, we do not expect to be classified as a pension-held REIT, and as a result, the tax treatment described above should be inapplicable to our holders. However, because our
capital stock is (and, we anticipate, will continue to be) publicly traded, we cannot guarantee that this will always be the case. 

Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders of Our Capital Stock 

The following discussion addresses the rules governing U.S.
federal income taxation of the purchase, ownership and disposition of our capital stock by non-U.S. holders. These rules are complex, and no attempt is made herein to provide more than a brief summary of such
rules. Accordingly, the discussion does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation and does not address other federal, state, local or non-U.S. tax consequences that may be relevant to a non-U.S. holder in light of its particular circumstances. We urge non-U.S. holders to consult their tax advisors to determine the impact of U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. income and other tax laws and any applicable tax treaty on the purchase, ownership and disposition of shares of our capital stock, including any reporting requirements. 

Distributions Generally. Distributions (including any taxable stock
distributions) that are neither attributable to gains from sales or exchanges by us of United States real property interests (USRPIs) nor designated by us as capital gain dividends (except as described below) will be treated as dividends
of ordinary income to the extent that they are made out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. Such distributions ordinarily will be subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax at a 30% rate or such lower rate as may be specified
by an applicable income tax treaty, unless the distributions are treated as effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. holder of a trade or business within the United States (and, if required by an
applicable income tax treaty, the non-U.S. holder maintains a permanent establishment in the United States to which such dividends are attributable). Under certain treaties, however, lower withholding rates
generally applicable to dividends do not apply to dividends from a REIT. Certain certification and disclosure requirements must be satisfied for a non-U.S. holder to be exempt from withholding under the
effectively connected income exemption. Dividends that are treated as effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business generally will not be subject to withholding but will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net basis at the regular
rates, in the same manner as dividends paid to U.S. holders are subject to U.S. federal income tax. Any such dividends received by a non-U.S. holder that is a corporation may also be subject to an additional
branch profits tax at a 30% rate (applicable after deducting U.S. federal income taxes paid on such effectively connected income) or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty. 

Except as otherwise provided below, we expect to withhold U.S. federal income tax at the rate of 30% on any distributions made to a non-U.S. holder unless: 

(1) 

a lower treaty rate applies and the non-U.S. holder furnishes an IRS
Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or other applicable documentation) evidencing eligibility for that reduced treaty rate; or

(2) 

the non-U.S. holder furnishes an IRS Form W-8ECI (or other applicable documentation) claiming that the distribution is income effectively connected with the non-U.S. holders trade or business.

Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits will not be taxable to a non-U.S. holder to the extent that such distributions do not exceed the adjusted tax basis of the holders capital stock, but rather will reduce the adjusted tax basis of such stock. To the extent that such
distributions exceed the non-U.S. holders adjusted tax basis in such capital stock, they generally will give rise to gain from the sale or exchange of such stock, the tax treatment of which is described
below. However, such excess distributions may be treated as dividend income for certain non-U.S. holders. For withholding purposes, we expect to treat all distributions as made out of our current or
accumulated earnings and profits. However, amounts withheld may be refundable if it is subsequently determined that the distribution was, in fact, in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits, provided that certain conditions are
met. 

Capital Gain Dividends and Distributions Attributable to a Sale or Exchange of United States Real Property Interests.
Distributions to a non-U.S. holder that we properly designate as capital gain dividends, other than those arising from the disposition of a USRPI, generally should not be subject to U.S. federal income
taxation, unless: 

(1) 

the investment in our capital stock is treated as effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. holder of a trade or business within the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, the non-U.S. holder maintains a permanent establishment
in the United States to which such dividends are attributable), in which case the non-U.S. holder will be subject to the same treatment as U.S. holders with respect to such gain, except that a non-U.S. holder that is a corporation may also be subject to a branch profits tax of up to 30%, as discussed above; or 

(2) 

the non-U.S. holder is a nonresident alien individual who is present in
the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year and certain other conditions are met, in which case the non-U.S. holder will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 30% on the non-U.S. holders capital gains (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty), which may be offset by U.S. source capital losses of such non-U.S.
holder (even though the individual is not considered a resident of the United States), provided the non-U.S. holder has timely filed U.S. federal income tax returns with respect to such losses.

Pursuant to the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act, which is referred to as FIRPTA, distributions
to a non-U.S. holder that are attributable to gain from sales or exchanges by us of USRPIs, whether or not designated as capital gain dividends, will cause the non-U.S.
holder to be treated as recognizing such gain as income effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business. Non-U.S. holders generally would be taxed at the regular rates applicable to U.S. holders, subject
to any applicable alternative minimum tax and a special alternative minimum tax in the case of nonresident alien individuals. We also will be required to withhold and to remit to the IRS 21% of any distribution to
non-U.S. holders attributable to gain from sales or exchanges by us of USRPIs. Distributions subject to FIRPTA may also be subject to a 30% branch profits tax in the hands of a
non-U.S. holder that is a corporation. The amount withheld is creditable against the non-U.S. holders U.S. federal income tax liability. However, any distribution
with respect to any class of stock that is regularly traded, as defined by applicable Treasury Regulations, on an established securities market located in the United States is not subject to FIRPTA, and therefore, not subject to the 21%
U.S. withholding tax described above, if the non-U.S. holder did not own more than 10% of such class of stock at any time during the one-year period ending on the date
of the distribution. Instead, such distributions generally will be treated as ordinary dividend distributions and subject to withholding in the manner described above with respect to ordinary dividends. In addition, distributions to certain non-U.S. publicly traded shareholders that meet certain record-keeping and other requirements (qualified shareholders) are exempt from FIRPTA, except to the extent owners of such qualified shareholders
that are not also qualified shareholders own, actually or constructively, more than 10% of our capital stock. Furthermore, distributions to certain qualified foreign pension funds or entities all of the interests of which are held by
such qualified foreign pension funds are exempt from FIRPTA. Non-U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of these rules. 

Retention of Net Capital Gains. Although the law is not clear on the matter, it appears that amounts we designate as retained
net capital gains in respect of our capital stock should be treated with respect to non-U.S. holders as actual distributions of capital gain dividends. Under this approach, the
non-U.S. holders may be able to offset as a credit against their U.S. federal income tax liability their proportionate share of the tax paid by us on such retained net capital gains and to receive from the IRS
a refund to the extent their proportionate share of such tax paid by us exceeds their actual U.S. federal income tax liability. If we were to designate any portion of our net capital gain as retained net capital gain,
non-U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the taxation of such retained net capital gain. 

Sale of Our Capital Stock. Except as described below under Redemption or Repurchase by Us, gain realized by a non-U.S. holder upon the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of our capital stock generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless such stock constitutes a USRPI. In general, stock of a
domestic corporation that constitutes a United States real property holding corporation, or USRPHC, will constitute a USRPI. We believe that we are a USRPHC. Our capital stock will not, however, constitute a USRPI so long as we are a
domestically controlled qualified investment entity. A domestically controlled qualified investment entity includes a REIT in which at all times during a five-year testing period less than 50% in value of its stock is held
directly or indirectly by non-United States persons, subject to certain ownership rules. For purposes of determining whether a REIT is a domestically controlled qualified investment entity,
ownership by non-United States persons generally will be determined by looking through certain pass-through entities and U.S. corporations, including non-public REITs
and certain non-public foreign-controlled domestic C corporations, and treating a public qualified investment entity as a non-United States person unless such entity is
a domestically controlled qualified investment entity. Notwithstanding the foregoing ownership rules, a person who at all applicable times holds less than 5% of a class of a REITs stock that is regularly traded on an
established securities market in the United States is treated as a United States person unless the REIT has actual knowledge that such person is not a United States person or is a foreign-controlled person. We believe, but cannot guarantee, that we
are a domestically controlled qualified investment entity. Because our capital stock is (and, we anticipate, will continue to be) publicly traded, no assurance can be given that we will continue to be a domestically controlled
qualified investment entity. 

Even if we do not qualify as a domestically controlled qualified investment
entity at the time a non-U.S. holder sells our capital stock, gain realized from the sale or other taxable disposition by a non-U.S. holder of such capital stock
would not be subject to U.S. federal income tax under FIRPTA as a sale of a USRPI if: 

(1) 

such class of stock is regularly traded, as defined by applicable Treasury Regulations, on an
established securities market such as The NASDAQ Global Select Market; and 

(2) 

such non-U.S. holder owned, actually and constructively, 10% or less of
such class of stock throughout the shorter of the five-year period ending on the date of the sale or other taxable disposition or the non-U.S. holders holding period. 

In addition, dispositions of our capital stock by qualified shareholders are exempt from FIRPTA, except to the extent owners of such qualified
shareholders that are not also qualified shareholders own, actually or constructively, more than 10% of our capital stock. Furthermore, dispositions of our capital stock by certain qualified foreign pension funds or entities all of the
interests of which are held by such qualified foreign pension funds are exempt from FIRPTA. Non-U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of these rules. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, gain from the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of our capital stock not otherwise subject to FIRPTA
will be taxable to a non-U.S. holder if either (a) the investment in our capital stock is treated as effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. holder
of a trade or business within the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, the non-U.S. holder maintains a permanent establishment in the United States to which such gain is
attributable), in which case the non-U.S. holder will be subject to the same treatment as U.S. holders with respect to such gain, except that a non-U.S. holder that is a
corporation may also be subject to the 30% branch profits tax (or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty) on such gain, as adjusted for certain items, or (b) the non-U.S.
holder is a nonresident alien individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year and certain other conditions are met, in which case the non-U.S. holder will be subject
to a 30% tax on the non-U.S. holders capital gains (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty), which may be offset by U.S. source capital losses of the non-U.S. holder (even though the individual is not considered a resident of the United States), provided the non-U.S. holder has timely filed U.S. federal income tax returns
with respect to such losses. In addition, even if we are a domestically controlled qualified investment entity, upon disposition of our capital stock, a non-U.S. holder may be treated as having gain from the
sale or other taxable disposition of a USRPI if the non-U.S. holder (1) disposes of such stock within a 30-day period preceding the
ex-dividend date of a distribution, any portion of which, but for the disposition, would have been treated as gain from the sale or exchange of a USRPI and (2) acquires, or enters into a contract or
option to acquire, or is deemed to acquire, other shares of that stock during the 61-day period beginning with the first day of the 30-day period described in clause
(1), unless such class of stock is regularly traded and the non-U.S. holder did not own more than 10% of such class of stock at any time during the one-year
period ending on the date of the distribution described in clause (1). 

If gain on the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of our
capital stock were subject to taxation under FIRPTA, the non-U.S. holder would be required to file a U.S. federal income tax return and would be subject to regular U.S. federal income tax with respect to such
gain in the same manner as a taxable U.S. holder (subject to any applicable alternative minimum tax and a special alternative minimum tax in the case of nonresident alien individuals). In addition, if the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition
of our capital stock were subject to taxation under FIRPTA, and if shares of the applicable class of our capital stock were not regularly traded on an established securities market, the purchaser of such capital stock generally would be
required to withhold and remit to the IRS 15% of the purchase price. 

Redemption or Repurchase by Us. A redemption or
repurchase of shares of our capital stock will be treated under Section 302 of the Code as a distribution (and taxable as a dividend to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits) unless the redemption or repurchase
satisfies one of the tests set forth in Section 302(b) of the Code and is therefore treated as a sale or exchange of the redeemed or repurchased shares. See Taxation of Taxable U.S. Holders of Our Capital StockRedemption or
Repurchase by Us. Qualified shareholders and their owners may be subject to different rules, and should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of such rules. If the redemption or repurchase of shares is treated as a distribution,
the amount of the distribution will be measured by the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property received. See Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders of Our Capital StockDistributions
Generally above. If the redemption or repurchase of shares is not treated as a distribution, it will be treated as a taxable sale or exchange in the manner described above under Sale of Our Capital Stock. 

Taxation of Holders of the Partnerships Debt Securities 

The following summary describes certain material U.S. federal income tax consequences of purchasing, owning and disposing of debt securities
issued by the Partnership. This discussion assumes the debt securities will be issued with less than a statutory de minimis amount of original issue discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In addition, this discussion is limited to
persons purchasing the debt securities for cash at original issue and at their original issue price within the meaning of Section 1273 of the Code (i.e., the first price at which a substantial amount of the debt securities is
sold to the public for cash). 

U.S. Holders 

Payments of Interest. Interest on a debt security generally will be taxable to a U.S. holder as ordinary income at the time such
interest is received or accrued, in accordance with such U.S. holders method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

Sale or Other Taxable Disposition. A U.S. holder will recognize gain or loss on the sale, exchange, redemption, retirement or other
taxable disposition of a debt security. The amount of such gain or loss generally will be equal to the difference between the amount received for the debt security in cash or other property valued at fair market value (less amounts attributable to
any accrued but unpaid interest, which will be taxable as interest to the extent not previously included in income) and the U.S. holders adjusted tax basis in the debt security. A U.S. holders adjusted tax basis in a debt security
generally will be equal to the amount the U.S. holder paid for the debt security. Any gain or loss generally will be capital gain or loss, and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. holder has held the debt security for more than one
year at the time of such sale or other taxable disposition. Otherwise, such gain or loss will be short-term capital gain or loss. Long-term capital gains recognized by certain non-corporate U.S. holders,
including individuals, generally will be taxable at reduced rates. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. 

Non-U.S. Holders 

Payments of Interest. Interest paid on a debt security to a non-U.S. holder that is not effectively connected with the non-U.S. holders conduct of a trade or business within the United States generally will not be subject to U.S.
federal income tax or withholding, provided that: 

the non-U.S. holder does not, actually or constructively, own 10% or more
of the Partnerships capital or profits; 

the non-U.S. holder is not a controlled foreign corporation related to
the Partnership through actual or constructive stock ownership; and 

either (1) the non-U.S. holder certifies in a statement provided to
the applicable withholding agent under penalties of perjury that it is not a United States person and provides its name and address; (2) a securities clearing organization, bank or other financial institution that holds customers
securities in the ordinary course of its trade or business and holds the debt security on behalf of the non-U.S. holder certifies to the applicable withholding agent under penalties of perjury that it, or the
financial institution between it and the non-U.S. holder, has received from the non-U.S. holder a statement under penalties of perjury that such holder is not a United
States person and provides the applicable withholding agent with a copy of such statement; or (3) the non-U.S. holder holds its debt security directly through a qualified intermediary (within
the meaning of the applicable Treasury Regulations) and certain conditions are satisfied. 

If a non-U.S. holder does not satisfy the
requirements above, such non-U.S. holder will be subject to withholding tax of 30%, subject to a reduction in or an exemption from withholding on such interest as a result of an applicable tax treaty. To claim
such entitlement, the non-U.S. holder must provide the applicable withholding agent with a properly executed IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or other applicable documentation) claiming a reduction in or exemption from withholding tax under the benefit of an income tax treaty between the United States and the country in which the non-U.S. holder resides or is established. 

If interest paid to a
non-U.S. holder is effectively connected with the non-U.S. holders conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, if required by an applicable
income tax treaty, the non-U.S. holder maintains a permanent establishment in the United States to which such interest is attributable), the non-U.S. holder will be
exempt from the U.S. federal withholding tax described above. To claim the exemption, the non-U.S. holder must furnish to the applicable withholding agent a valid IRS Form
W-8ECI, certifying that interest paid on a debt security is not subject to withholding tax because it is effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. holder of
a trade or business within the United States. 

Any such effectively connected interest generally will be subject to U.S. federal income
tax at the regular rates. A non-U.S. holder that is a corporation may also be subject to a branch profits tax at a rate of 30% (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty) on such
effectively connected interest, as adjusted for certain items. 

The certifications described above must be provided to the applicable
withholding agent prior to the payment of interest and must be updated periodically. Non-U.S. holders that do not timely provide the applicable withholding agent with the required certification, but that
qualify for a reduced rate under an applicable income tax treaty, may obtain a refund of any excess amounts withheld by timely filing an appropriate claim for refund with the IRS. Non-U.S. holders should
consult their tax advisors regarding their entitlement to benefits under any applicable income tax treaty. 

Sale or Other Taxable
Disposition. A non-U.S. holder will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any gain realized upon the sale, exchange, redemption, retirement or other taxable disposition of a debt security (such
amount excludes any amount allocable to accrued and unpaid interest, which generally will be treated as interest and may be subject to the rules discussed above in Taxation of Holders of the Partnerships Debt SecuritiesNon-U.S. HoldersPayments of Interest) unless: 

the gain is effectively connected with the non-U.S. holders conduct
of a trade or business within the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, the non-U.S. holder maintains a permanent establishment in the United States to which such gain is
attributable); or 

the non-U.S. holder is a nonresident alien individual present in the
United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year of the disposition and certain other requirements are met. 

Gain described in the first bullet point above generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis at the regular
rates. A non-U.S. holder that is a corporation also may be subject to a branch profits tax at a rate of 30% (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty) on such effectively connected gain,
as adjusted for certain items. 

A non-U.S. holder described in the second bullet point above will
be subject to U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 30% (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty) on gain realized upon the sale or other taxable disposition of a debt security, which may be offset by U.S. source capital
losses of the non-U.S. holder (even though the individual is not considered a resident of the United States), provided the non-U.S. holder has timely filed U.S. federal
income tax returns with respect to such losses. 

Non-U.S. holders should consult their tax
advisors regarding any applicable income tax treaties that may provide for different rules. 

Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 

U.S. Holders. A U.S. holder may be subject to information reporting and backup withholding when such holder receives payments on
our capital stock or the Partnerships debt securities or proceeds from the sale or other taxable disposition of such stock or debt securities (including a redemption or retirement of a debt security). Certain U.S. holders are exempt from
backup withholding, including corporations and certain tax-exempt organizations. A U.S. holder will be subject to backup withholding if such holder is not otherwise exempt and: 

the holder fails to furnish the holders taxpayer identification number, which for an individual is
ordinarily his or her social security number; 

the holder furnishes an incorrect taxpayer identification number; 

the applicable withholding agent is notified by the IRS that the holder previously failed to properly report
payments of interest or dividends; or 

the holder fails to certify under penalties of perjury that the holder has furnished a correct taxpayer
identification number and that the IRS has not notified the holder that the holder is subject to backup withholding. 

Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or a credit
against a U.S. holders U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding their qualification for an exemption from backup withholding
and the procedures for obtaining such an exemption. 

Non-U.S. Holders. Payments of
dividends on our capital stock or interest on the Partnerships debt securities generally will not be subject to backup withholding, provided the applicable withholding agent does not have actual knowledge or reason to know the holder is a
United States person and the holder either certifies its non-U.S. status, such as by furnishing a valid IRS Form W-8BEN,W-8BEN-E or W-8ECI, or otherwise establishes an exemption. However, information returns are required to be filed with the IRS in connection with any distributions on
our capital stock or interest on the Partnerships debt securities paid to the non-U.S. holder, regardless of whether such distributions constitute a dividend or whether any tax was actually withheld. In
addition, proceeds of the sale or other taxable disposition of such stock or debt securities (including a retirement or redemption of a debt security) within the United States or conducted through certain U.S.-related brokers generally will not be
subject to backup withholding or information reporting if the applicable withholding agent receives the certification described above and does not have actual knowledge or reason to know that such holder is a United States person, or the holder
otherwise establishes an exemption. Proceeds of a disposition of such stock or debt securities conducted through a non-U.S. office of a non-U.S. broker generally will
not be subject to backup withholding or information reporting. 

Copies of information returns that are filed with the IRS may also be made
available under the provisions of an applicable treaty or agreement to the tax authorities of the country in which the non-U.S. holder resides or is established. 

Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or a credit
against a non-U.S. holders U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 

Medicare Contribution Tax on Unearned Income 

Certain U.S. holders that are individuals, estates or trusts are required to pay an additional 3.8% tax on, among other things, dividends on
stock, interest on debt obligations and capital gains from the sale or other disposition of stock or debt obligations, subject to certain limitations. U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the effect, if any, of these rules on
their ownership and disposition of our capital stock or the Partnerships debt securities. 

Additional Withholding Tax on Payments Made to Foreign Accounts 

Withholding taxes may be imposed under Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code (such sections commonly referred to as the Foreign Account Tax
Compliance Act (FATCA)) on certain types of payments made to non-U.S. financial institutions and certain other non-U.S. entities. Specifically, a 30%
withholding tax may be imposed on dividends on our capital stock, interest on the Partnerships debt securities, or (subject to the proposed Treasury Regulations discussed below) gross proceeds from the sale or other disposition of our capital
stock or the Partnerships debt securities, in each case paid to a foreign financial institution or a non-financial foreign entity (each as defined in the Code), unless
(1) the foreign financial institution undertakes certain diligence and reporting obligations, (2) the non-financial foreign entity either certifies it does not have any substantial United
States owners (as defined in the Code) or furnishes identifying information regarding each substantial United States owner, or (3) the foreign financial institution or non-financial foreign entity
otherwise qualifies for an exemption from these rules. If the payee is a foreign financial institution and is subject to the diligence and reporting requirements in clause (1) above, it must enter into an agreement with the U.S. Department of
the Treasury requiring, among other things, that it undertake to identify accounts held by certain specified United States persons or United States owned foreign entities (each as defined in the Code), annually report certain
information about such accounts, and withhold 30% on certain payments to non-compliant foreign financial institutions and certain other account holders. Foreign financial institutions located in jurisdictions
that have an intergovernmental agreement with the United States governing FATCA may be subject to different rules. 

Under the applicable
Treasury Regulations and administrative guidance, withholding under FATCA generally applies to payments of dividends on our capital stock or interest on the Partnerships debt securities. While withholding under FATCA would have applied also to
payments of gross proceeds from the sale or other disposition of stock or debt securities on or after January 1, 2019, proposed Treasury Regulations eliminate FATCA withholding on payments of gross proceeds entirely. Taxpayers generally may
rely on these proposed Treasury Regulations until final Treasury Regulations are issued. Because we may not know the extent to which a distribution is a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes at the time it is made, for purposes of these
withholding rules we may treat the entire distribution as a dividend. 

Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding
the potential application of withholding under FATCA to their investment in our capital stock or the Partnerships debt securities. 

Other Tax
Consequences 

State, local and non-U.S. income tax laws may differ substantially from the
corresponding U.S. federal income tax laws, and this discussion does not purport to describe any aspect of the tax laws of any state, local or non-U.S. jurisdiction, or any U.S. federal tax other than income
tax. You should consult your tax advisors regarding the effect of state, local and non-U.S. tax laws with respect to our tax treatment as a REIT and on an investment in our capital stock or the
Partnerships debt securities.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>reg-20250106.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
1001 - Document - Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:calculationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>reg-20250106_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>reg-20250106_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>reg-20250106_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Information [Table] 

Consolidated Entities [Axis] 

Consolidated Entities [Domain] 

Partnership Interest [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Security 12b Title 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock [Member] 

Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock [Member] 
6.25% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share 

Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock [Member] 
5.875% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>reg-20250106_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g907285g0103092054046.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g907285g0103204756321.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>g907285g0103204756471.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover Page

Jan. 06, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 06, 2025

Entity Registrant Name REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION

Entity Central Index Key 0000910606

Entity File Number 001-12298

Entity Incorporation State Country Code FL

Entity Tax Identification Number 59-3191743

Entity Address, Address Line One One Independent Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 114

Entity Address, City or Town Jacksonville

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 32202

City Area Code 904

Local Phone Number 598-7000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol REG

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

6.25% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 6.250% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol REGCP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

5.875% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 5.875% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol REGCO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Partnership Interest [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name REGENCY CENTERS, L.P.

Entity Central Index Key 0001066247

Entity File Number 000-24763

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 59-3429602

Entity Address, Address Line One One Independent Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 114

Entity Address, City or Town Jacksonville

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 32202

City Area Code 904

Local Phone Number 598-7000

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=reg_SeriesACumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=reg_SeriesBCumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: srt_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=srt_PartnershipInterestMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
5 
23 
1 
false 
4 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
1001 - Document - Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://www.regencycenters.com/role/CoverPage 
Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d907285d8k.htm 
reg-20250106.xsd 
reg-20250106_cal.xml 
reg-20250106_def.xml 
reg-20250106_lab.xml 
reg-20250106_pre.xml 

g907285g0103092054046.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-002220-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>d907285d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000910606 

2025-01-06 
2025-01-06 

0000910606 

srt:PartnershipInterestMember 

2025-01-06 
2025-01-06 

0000910606 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-01-06 
2025-01-06 

0000910606 

reg:SeriesACumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockMember 

2025-01-06 
2025-01-06 

0000910606 

reg:SeriesBCumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockMember 

2025-01-06 
2025-01-06 

false 
0000910606 
0001066247 
8-K 
2025-01-06 
REGENCY CENTERS CORPORATION 
REGENCY CENTERS, L.P. 
FL 
001-12298 
59-3191743 
DE 
000-24763 
59-3429602 
One Independent Drive 
One Independent Drive 
Suite 114 
Suite 114 
Jacksonville 
Jacksonville 
FL 
FL 
32202 
32202 
904 
904 
598-7000 
598-7000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
REG 
NASDAQ 
6.250% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
REGCP 
NASDAQ 
5.875% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
REGCO 
NASDAQ 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>