<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-007911.txt : 20250221
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-007911.hdr.sgml : 20250221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250221170527
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-007911
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250221
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SONIM TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001178697
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH APPARATUS [3661]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				943336783
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38907
		FILM NUMBER:		25652965

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4445 EASTGATE MALL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-378-8100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4445 EASTGATE MALL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000117869700011786972025-02-212025-02-21iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C.
20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section
13 OR 15(d)

of The Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date
of earliest event reported): February 21, 2025

Sonim Technologies,
Inc.

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38907 94-3336783

(State or
other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) 

(Commission 

File Number) 

(IRS Employer 

Identification
No.) 

4445 Eastgate
Mall, Suite 200,

San Diego, CA92121

(Address of principal
executive offices, including Zip Code)

(650)378-8100

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Not applicable.

(Former name or
former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act
(17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act
(17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange
on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share SONM The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq Capital Market)

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this
chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry
into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
February 21, 2025, Sonim Technologies, Inc. (the Company) entered into a note purchase agreement (the Purchase
Agreement) with Streeterville Capital, LLC (the Lender) pursuant to which the Company issued and sold to the Lender
a promissory note in the original principal amount of $3,300,000 (the Note).

The Purchase
Agreement

Pursuant
to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, until all of the Companys obligations under the Note and all other transaction documents
are paid and performed in full, the Company agreed to comply with certain covenants, including but not limited to the following: (i)
compliance with its filing requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (ii) maintaining the Companys listing
on a national securities exchange, and (iii) refraining from making any Restricted Issuances (as defined in the Purchase Agreement and
described below) without the Lenders prior written consent, which consent may be granted or withheld in the Lenders sole
discretion.

Subject
to certain customary exceptions set forth in the Purchase Agreement, Restricted Issuances include the incurrence or guaranty of any debt
obligations other than trade payables in the ordinary course of business, the issuance of any convertible securities in which the number
of shares that may be issued pursuant to a conversion right, or the conversion price, varies with the market price of the Companys
common stock, the issuance of any securities with reset provisions and the issuance of any securities in connection with Section 3(a)(9)
exchange, a Section 3(a)(10) settlement, or any other similar settlement or exchange. Restricted Issuances do not include ATM facilities,
commercial bank loans or lines of credit, leases, grants pursuant to the Companys incentive plans, and change-in-control transactions
that result in full repayment of the Note upon consummation.

The
Purchase Agreement also contains a most favored nation clause. Under this provision, for as long as the Note remains
outstanding, if the Company issues any debt security with more favorable economic terms or conditions not similarly provided to the Lender,
the Company must notify the Lender. At the Lenders option, such favorable terms will become part of the Note and related transaction
documents.

The Note

The
Note carries an original issue discount of $270,000, and the Company agreed to pay $30,000 to the Lender to cover its legal fees, accounting
costs, due diligence, monitoring, and other transaction costs, each of which was deducted from the proceeds of the Note received by the
Company resulting in a purchase price of $3,000,000 received by the Company. Additionally, if the Note remains outstanding on the ninety
(90) day anniversary of the issuance, the Company will incur a one-time monitoring fee equal to the difference between (i) the outstanding
balance of the Note divided by 0.85 (as minuend), and (ii) the outstanding balance of the Note (as subtrahend).

Interest
under the Note accrues at a rate of nine percent (9%) per annum. The unpaid amount of the Note, any interest, fees, charges, and late
fees are due eighteen (18) months following the date of issuance. The Company may prepay all or any portion of the outstanding balance
of the Note. If the Company elects to prepay the Note in part, it will be required to pay to the Lender an amount in cash equal to 110%
of the portion of the outstanding balance the Company elects to prepay.

Commencing
six (6) months after the date of issuance of the Note and at any time thereafter until the Note is paid in full, the Lender will have
the right to redeem up to $330,000 under the Note per calendar month. The Company must pay the redeemed amount in cash within three (3)
trading days of receiving a redemption notice. On three (3) separate occasions and not more than once every ninety (90) calendar days,
the Company may defer any redemptions the Lender could otherwise make during a calendar month, provided, however, that each deferral
increases the outstanding balance of the Note by one percent (1%).

At
any time following the occurrence of a Major Trigger Event or Minor Trigger Event (each as defined in the Note), the Lender may increase
the outstanding balance of the Note by fifteen percent (15%) for each occurrence of any Major Trigger Event and five percent (5%) for
each occurrence of any Minor Trigger Event (the Trigger Effect), provided that the Trigger Effect may only be applied three
(3) times with respect to Major Trigger Events and three (3) times with respect to Minor Trigger Events.

2

Subject
to certain exceptions described below, if the Company fails to cure a Trigger Event within five (5) trading days following the date of
transmission of written demand notice by the Lender, the Trigger Event will automatically become an Event of Default (as defined in the
Note). Following the occurrence of any Event of Default, the Lender may, upon written notice to the Company, (i) accelerate the Note,
with the outstanding balance of the Note following application of the Trigger Effect (the Mandatory Default Amount) becoming
immediately due and payable in cash, and (ii) cause interest on the outstanding balance of the Note beginning on the date the applicable
Event of Default occurred to accrue at an interest rate equal to the lesser of twenty-two percent (22%) per annum or the maximum rate
permitted under applicable law. However, certain Trigger Events, such as bankruptcy or insolvency, automatically result in an Event of
Default, making the outstanding balance immediately payable at the Mandatory Default Amount without notice.

Placement Agent
Fees

Ascendiant
Capital Markets, LLC served as the placement agent on the transaction and received a fee of $180,000 (6% of the gross proceeds).

The
foregoing descriptions of the Note and the Purchase Agreement are not purported to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by
references to the full text of the Note and the Purchase Agreement, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 4.1 and 10.1 respectively,
to this current report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference herein.

Item 2.03 Creation
of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The
information set forth in Item 1.01 of this current report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 8.01 Other
Events.

On
February 21, 2025, there were 5,872,548 shares of the Companys common stock issued and outstanding.

Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit 

Number Description

4.1 Promissory note dated as of February 21,
2025

10.1* Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of February
21, 2025, by and between Sonim Technologies, Inc. and Streeterville Capital, LLC

104 Cover Page Interactive Data file (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* Schedules
have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees
to furnish a copy of all omitted schedules to the SEC upon its request.

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

SONIM TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Date: February 21, 2025 By: /s/ Clay Crolius

Name: Clay Crolius

Title: Chief Financial Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

PROMISSORY
NOTE

Effective
Date: February 21, 2025 U.S.
$3,300,000.00

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, Sonim Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Borrower),
promises to pay to Streeterville Capital, LLC, a Utah limited liability company, or its
successors or assigns (Lender), $3,300,000.00 and any interest, fees, charges, and late fees accrued hereunder on
the date that is eighteen (18) months after the Effective Date (the Maturity Date) in accordance with the terms
set forth herein and to pay interest on the Outstanding Balance at the rate of nine percent (9%) per annum from the Effective Date until
the same is paid in full. This Promissory Note (this Note) is issued and made effective as of February 21,
2025 (the Effective Date). All interest calculations hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year
comprised of twelve (12) thirty (30) day months, shall compound daily and shall be payable in accordance with the terms of this Note.
This Note is issued pursuant to that certain Note Purchase Agreement dated February 21, 2025, as the same may be amended from
time to time, by and between Borrower and Lender (the Purchase Agreement). Certain capitalized terms used herein
are defined in Attachment 1 attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference.

This
Note carries an OID of $270,000.00. In addition, Borrower agrees to pay $30,000.00 to Lender to cover Lenders legal fees, accounting
costs, due diligence, monitoring and other transaction costs incurred in connection with the purchase and sale of this Note (the Transaction
Expense Amount). The OID and the Transaction Expense Amount are included in the initial principal balance of this Note and
are deemed to be fully earned and non-refundable as of the Purchase Price Date. The purchase price for this Note shall be $3,000,000.00
(the Purchase Price), computed as follows: $3,300,000.00 original principal balance, less the OID, less the Transaction
Expense Amount. The Purchase Price is payable by Lender by wire transfer of immediately available funds.

1.
Payment; Prepayment.

1.1.
Payment. All payments owing hereunder shall be in lawful money of the United States of America and delivered to Lender at the
address or bank account furnished by Lender to Borrower for that purpose. All payments shall be applied first to (a) Lenders reasonable
costs of collection, if any, then to (b) fees and charges hereunder, if any, then to (c) accrued and unpaid interest hereunder, and thereafter,
to (d) principal hereunder.

1.2.
Prepayment. Borrower may pay all or any portion of the Outstanding Balance earlier than it is due. If Borrower exercises its right
to prepay this Note, Borrower shall make payment to Lender of an amount in cash equal to 110% multiplied by the portion of the Outstanding
Balance Borrower elects to prepay. Early payments of less than all principal, fees and interest outstanding will not, unless agreed to
by Lender in writing, relieve Borrower of Borrowers remaining obligations hereunder.

2.
Monitoring Fee. If this Note is outstanding on the ninety (90) day anniversary of the Purchase Price Date (the Monitoring
Fee Date), then Borrower will be charged a one-time fee to cover Lenders accounting, legal and other costs incurred
in monitoring this Note (the Monitoring Fee) equal to the Outstanding Balance divided by .85 less the Outstanding
Balance. The Monitoring Fee will automatically be added to the Outstanding Balance on the Monitoring Fee Date without any further action
required from Borrower or Lender. By way of example only, if the Outstanding Balance on the Monitoring Fee Date were $1,000,000.00, then
the Monitoring Fee added to the Outstanding Balance would be $176,471.00 ($1,000,000.00/.85 - $1,000,000.00). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Monitoring Fee and interest accrued on the Monitoring Fee will be forgiven, on a pro rata basis, each time Borrower makes a cash
payment hereunder.

3.
Security. This Note is unsecured.

4.
Redemptions. Beginning on the six (6) month anniversary of the Purchase Price Date, Lender shall have the right, exercisable at
any time in its sole and absolute discretion, to redeem up to $330,000.00 (such amount, the Redemption Amount) per
calendar month by providing written notice to Borrower (each, a Redemption Notice). For the avoidance of doubt,
Lender may submit to Borrower one (1) or more Redemption Notices in any given calendar month. Upon receipt of a Redemption Notice, Borrower
shall pay the applicable Redemption Amount to Lender in cash within three (3) Trading Days of Borrowers receipt of such Redemption
Notice. Borrower shall have the right to defer all redemptions that Lender could otherwise elect to make during any calendar month on
three (3) separate occasions by providing written notice to Lender at least three (3) Trading Days prior to the first day of each calendar
month it wishes to defer redemptions for that month. In the event Borrower elects to exercise its deferral right, the Outstanding Balance
shall automatically be increased by 1.00% for each time Borrower exercises the deferral right. Borrower may exercise its deferral rights
no more than once every ninety (90) calendar days.

5.
Trigger Events; Defaults; Remedies.

5.1.
Trigger Events. The following are trigger events under this Note (each, a Trigger Event): (a) Borrower fails
to pay any principal, interest, fees, charges, or any other amount when due and payable hereunder; (b) a receiver, trustee or other similar
official shall be appointed over Borrower or a material part of its assets and such appointment shall remain uncontested for twenty (20)
days or shall not be dismissed or discharged within sixty (60) days; (c) Borrower becomes insolvent or generally fails to pay, or admits
in writing its inability to pay, its debts as they become due, subject to applicable grace periods, if any; (d) Borrower makes a general
assignment for the benefit of creditors; (e) Borrower files a petition for relief under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law (domestic
or foreign); (f) an involuntary bankruptcy proceeding is commenced or filed against Borrower; (g) Borrower fails to observe or perform
any covenant set forth in Section 4 of the Purchase Agreement; (h) the occurrence of a Fundamental Transaction other than a Permitted
Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) without Lenders prior written consent; (i) Borrower defaults or
otherwise fails to observe or perform any covenant, obligation, condition or agreement contained herein or in any other Transaction Document
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) in any material respect, other than those specifically set forth in this Section 5.1 and Section
4 of the Purchase Agreement, and such default or failure is not cured within the longer of ten (10) Trading Days or the cure period for
the applicable default or failure in any Transaction Document; (j) any representation, warranty or other statement made or furnished
by or on behalf of Borrower to Lender herein, in any Transaction Document, or otherwise in connection with the issuance of this Note
is false, incorrect, incomplete or misleading in any material respect when made or furnished and, if capable of cure, not cured within
the longer of ten (10) Trading Days or the cure period for the applicable default or failure in any Transaction Document; (k) Borrower
effectuates a reverse split of its Common Shares without twenty (20) Trading Days prior written notice to Lender other than a reverse
split of the Common Shares to maintain compliance with the minimum bid price requirements of Nasdaq or other principal market; (l) any
money judgment, writ or similar process is entered or filed against Borrower or any subsidiary of Borrower or any of its property or
other assets for more than $500,000.00, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of thirty (30) calendar days unless
otherwise consented to by Lender; (m) Borrower fails to be DWAC Eligible; and (n) Borrower or any subsidiary of Borrower breaches any
covenant or other term or condition contained in any Other Agreements.

5.2.
Trigger Event Remedies. At any time following the occurrence of any Trigger Event, Lender may, at its option, increase the Outstanding
Balance by applying the Trigger Effect (subject to the limitation set forth below).

2

5.3.
Defaults. At any time following the occurrence of a Trigger Event, Lender may, at its option, send written notice to Borrower
demanding that Borrower cure such Trigger Event within five (5) Trading Days. If Borrower fails to cure the Trigger Event within the
required five (5) Trading Day cure period, the Trigger Event will automatically become an event of default hereunder (an Event
of Default).

5.4.
Default Remedies. At any time and from time to time following the occurrence of any Event of Default, Lender may accelerate this
Note by written notice to Borrower, with the Outstanding Balance becoming immediately due and payable in cash at the Mandatory Default
Amount. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence of any Trigger Event described in clauses 5.1(b) - 5.1(f), an Event of Default
will be deemed to have occurred and the Outstanding Balance as of the date of the occurrence of such Trigger Event shall become immediately
and automatically due and payable in cash at the Mandatory Default Amount, without any written notice required by Lender for the Trigger
Event to become an Event of Default. At any time following the occurrence of any Event of Default, upon written notice given by Lender
to Borrower, interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Balance beginning on the date the applicable Event of Default occurred at an interest
rate equal to the lesser of twenty-two percent (22%) per annum or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law (Default
Interest). In connection with acceleration described herein, Lender need not provide, and Borrower hereby waives, any presentment,
demand, protest or other notice of any kind, and Lender may immediately and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all
of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable law. Such acceleration may be rescinded
and annulled by Lender at any time prior to payment hereunder and Lender shall have all rights as a holder of the Note until such time,
if any, as Lender receives full payment pursuant to this Section 5.4. No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent Trigger
Event or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. Nothing herein shall limit Lenders right to pursue any other
remedies available to it at law or in equity.

6.
Unconditional Obligation; No Offset. Borrower acknowledges that this Note is an unconditional, valid, binding and enforceable
obligation of Borrower not subject to offset, deduction or counterclaim of any kind. Borrower hereby waives any rights of offset it now
has or may have hereafter against Lender, its successors and assigns, and agrees to make the payments called for herein in accordance
with the terms of this Note.

7.
Waiver. No waiver of any provision of this Note shall be effective unless it is in the form of a writing signed by the party granting
the waiver. No waiver of any provision or consent to any prohibited action shall constitute a waiver of any other provision or consent
to any other prohibited action, whether or not similar. No waiver or consent shall constitute a continuing waiver or consent or commit
a party to provide a waiver or consent in the future except to the extent specifically set forth in writing.

8.
Governing Law; Venue. This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction,
validity, interpretation and performance of this Note shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Utah, without giving effect
to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Utah or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the
application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Utah. The provisions set forth in the Purchase Agreement to determine
the proper venue for any disputes are incorporated herein by this reference.

9.
Arbitration of Disputes. By its issuance or acceptance of this Note, each party agrees to be bound by the Arbitration Provisions
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) set forth as an exhibit to the Purchase Agreement with respect to any dispute regarding this Note.

10.
Cancellation. After repayment of the entire Outstanding Balance, this Note shall be deemed paid in full, shall automatically be
deemed canceled, and shall not be reissued.

3

11.
Amendments. The prior written consent of both parties hereto shall be required for any change or amendment to this Note.

12.
Assignments. Borrower may not assign this Note without the prior written consent of Lender. This Note may be offered, sold, assigned
or transferred by Lender to any of its affiliates that are permitted assignees of the Purchase Agreement, without the consent of Borrower,
so long as such transfer is in accordance with applicable federal and state securities laws and prior written notice is provided to Borrower,
provided that any such assignee of this Note agrees in writing to the terms of all Transaction Documents as though an original party
thereto. Except as set forth above, Lender may not assign its rights or obligations under this Note or delegate its duties hereunder,
whether directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of Borrower, and any such attempted assignment or delegation shall
be null and void.

13.
Notices. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Note, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given
in accordance with the subsection of the Purchase Agreement titled Notices.

14.
Liquidated Damages. Lender and Borrower agree that in the event Borrower fails to comply with any of the terms or provisions of
this Note, Lenders damages would be uncertain and difficult (if not impossible) to accurately estimate because of the parties
inability to predict future interest rates, future share prices, future trading volumes and other relevant factors. Accordingly, Lender
and Borrower agree that any fees, balance adjustments, Default Interest or other charges assessed under this Note are not penalties but
instead are intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, liquidated damages.

15.
Severability. If any part of this Note is construed to be in violation of any law, such part shall be modified to achieve the
objective of Borrower and Lender to the fullest extent permitted by law and the balance of this Note shall remain in full force and effect.

[Remainder
of page intentionally left blank; signature page follows]

4

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be duly executed as of the Effective Date.

BORROWER:

Sonim Technologies, Inc.

By: /s/
Clay Crolius

Clay Crolius, Chief Financial
Officer

ACKNOWLEDGED, ACCEPTED AND AGREED: 

LENDER: 

Streeterville
Capital, LLC 

By: /s/ John Fife 

John Fife, President 

[Signature
Page to Promissory Note]

ATTACHMENT
1

DEFINITIONS

For
purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

A1.
Common Shares means shares of Borrowers common stock, par value $0.001 per share.

A2.
Fundamental Transaction means that (a) (i) Borrower or any of its subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions, consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not Borrower or any of its subsidiaries is the surviving
corporation) any other person or entity, (ii) Borrower or any of its subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions, sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its respective properties
or assets to any other person or entity, (iii) Borrower or any of its subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions, allow any other person or entity to make a purchase, tender or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders of more than
50% of the outstanding shares of voting stock of Borrower (not including any shares of voting stock of Borrower held by the person or
persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the persons or entities making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange
offer), (iv) Borrower or any of its subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions, consummate a stock
or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off
or scheme of arrangement) with any other person or entity whereby such other person or entity acquires more than 50% of the outstanding
shares of voting stock of Borrower (not including any shares of voting stock of Borrower held by the other persons or entities making
or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other persons or entities making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement
or other business combination), (v) Borrower or any of its subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions,
reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify the Common Shares or preferred stock, other than an increase in the number of authorized shares
of Borrowers Common Shares or preferred stock, (vi) Borrower transfers any material asset to any subsidiary, affiliate, person
or entity under common ownership or control with Borrower, or (vii) Borrower pays or makes any monetary or non-monetary dividend or distribution
to its shareholders; or (b) any person or group (as these terms are used for purposes of Sections 13(d) and
14(d) of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) is or shall become the beneficial owner (as
defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act), directly or indirectly, of 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued
and outstanding voting stock of Borrower. For the avoidance of doubt, Borrower or any of its subsidiaries entering into a definitive
agreement that contemplates a Fundamental Transaction will be deemed to be a Fundamental Transaction unless such agreement contains a
closing condition that this Note is repaid in full upon consummation of the transaction.

A3.
Major Trigger Event means any Trigger Event occurring under Sections 5.1(a) - 5.1(h).

A4.
Mandatory Default Amount means the Outstanding Balance following the application of the Trigger Effect.

A5.
Minor Trigger Event means any Trigger Event that is not a Major Trigger Event.

A6.
OID means an original issue discount.

A7.
Other Agreements means, collectively, (a) all existing and future agreements and instruments between, among or by
Borrower (or an affiliate), on the one hand, and Lender (or an affiliate), on the other hand, and (b) any financing agreement or a material
agreement that affects Borrowers ongoing business operations.

A8.
Outstanding Balance means as of any date of determination, the Purchase Price, as reduced or increased, as the case
may be, pursuant to the terms hereof for payment, offset, or otherwise, plus the OID, the Transaction Expense Amount, accrued but unpaid
interest, collection and enforcements costs (including attorneys fees) incurred by Lender, transfer, stamp, issuance and similar
taxes and fees incurred under this Note.

A9.
Purchase Price Date means the date the Purchase Price is delivered by Lender to Borrower.

A10.
Trading Day means any day on which Borrowers principal trading market (or such other principal market for
the Common Shares) is open for trading.

A11.
Trigger Effect means multiplying the Outstanding Balance as of the date the applicable Trigger Event occurred by
(a) fifteen percent (15%) for each occurrence of any Major Trigger Event, or (b) five percent (5%) for each occurrence of any Minor Trigger
Event, and then adding the resulting product to the Outstanding Balance as of the date the applicable Trigger Event occurred, with the
sum of the foregoing then becoming the Outstanding Balance under this Note as of the date the applicable Trigger Event occurred; provided
that the Trigger Effect may only be applied three (3) times hereunder with respect to Major Trigger Events and three (3) times hereunder
with respect to Minor Trigger Events.

[Remainder
of page intentionally left blank]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

Note
Purchase Agreement

This
Note Purchase Agreement(this Agreement),
dated as of February 21, 2025, is entered into by and between Sonim Technologies, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (Company), and Streeterville Capital, LLC a
Utah limited liability company, its permitted successors and/or assigns (Investor).

A. Company
and Investor are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon an exemption from securities registration afforded by the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder by the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

B. Investor
desires to purchase and Company desires to issue and sell, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, a Promissory Note,
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, in the original principal amount of $3,300,000.00 (the Note).

C. This
Agreement, the Note, and all other certificates, documents, agreements, resolutions and instruments delivered to any party under or in
connection with this Agreement, as the same may be amended from time to time, are collectively referred to herein as the Transaction
Documents.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the above recitals and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, Company and Investor hereby agree as follows:

1. Purchase
and Sale of Note.

1.1. Purchase
of Note. Company hereby agrees to issue and sell to Investor and Investor hereby agrees to purchase from Company the Note. In consideration
thereof, Investor agrees to pay the Purchase Price (as defined below) to Company.

1.2. Form
of Payment. On the Closing Date (as defined below), Investor shall pay the Purchase Price to Company via wire transfer of immediately
available funds against delivery of the Note.

1.3.
Closing Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions set forth in Section 5 and Section 6 below, the
date of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date) shall be February 21,
2025, or such other mutually agreed upon date. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing)
shall occur on the Closing Date by means of the exchange by email of .pdf documents, but shall be deemed for all purposes to have occurred
at the offices of Hansen Black Anderson Ashcraft PLLC in Lehi, Utah.

1.4. Collateral
for the Note. The Note will be unsecured.

1.5. Original
Issue Discount; Transaction Expense Amount. The Note carries an original issue discount of $270,000.00 (the OID).
In addition, Company agrees to pay $30,000.00 to Investor to cover Investors legal fees, accounting costs, due diligence, monitoring
and other transaction costs incurred in connection with the purchase and sale of the Note (the Transaction Expense Amount).
The OID and the Transaction Expense Amount are both included in the initial principal balance of the Note. The Purchase Price,
therefore, shall be $3,000,000.00, computed as follows: $3,300,000.00 initial principal balance, less the OID, less the Transaction Expense
Amount.

1

1.6. No
Short Sales. During the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the ninetieth (90th) day following the date the Note has
been repaid in full or sold by Investor to a third party that is not an affiliate of Investor, Investor shall not directly or through
an affiliate engage in any open market Short Sales (as defined below) of the Common Shares (as defined below); provided; however,
that unless and until Company has affirmatively demonstrated by the use of specific evidence that Investor is engaging in open market
Short Sales, Investor shall be assumed to be in compliance with the provisions of this Section 1.6 and Company shall remain fully obligated
to fulfill all of its obligations under the Transaction Documents; and provided, further, that (i) Company shall under no circumstances
be entitled to request or demand that Investor either (A) provide trading or other records of Investor or of any party or (B) affirmatively
demonstrate that Investor or any other party has not engaged in any such Short Sales in breach of these provisions as a condition to
Companys fulfillment of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents, (ii) Company shall not assert Investors
or any other partys failure to demonstrate such absence of such Short Sales or provide any trading or other records of Investor
or any other party as all or part of a defense to any breach of Companys obligations under any of the Transaction Documents, and
(iii) Company shall have no setoff right with respect to any such Short Sales. As used herein, Short Sale has the
meaning provided in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under the 1934 Act.

2. Investors
Representations and Warranties. Investor represents and warrants to Company that as of the Closing Date:

(i) Investor
is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation
and has the requisite power to enter into and consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents to which it is a
party and otherwise carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder;

(ii) this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been duly and validly authorized;

(iii) each
of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party constitutes a valid and binding agreement of Investor enforceable
in accordance with its terms;

(iv) Investor
is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D of the 1933 Act;

(v) Investor
is acquiring the Note for its own account and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution
thereof in violation of applicable securities laws, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the 1933 Act; provided,
however, by making the representations herein, Investor does not agree, or make any representation or warranty, to hold the Note
for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Note at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a
registration statement or an exemption from registration under the 1933 Act;

(vi) Investor
does not presently have any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any Person (as defined below) to distribute the
Note or Common Shares (as defined below) in violation of applicable securities laws;

(vii) Investor
and its advisors, if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of Company;

(viii) neither
such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigations conducted by Investor or its advisors, if any, or its representatives shall
modify, amend or affect Investors right to rely on Companys representations and warranties contained herein;

2

(ix) Investor
has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect
to its acquisition of the Note; and

(x) Investor
understands that the Note has not been and is not being registered under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws and that Company will
not be obligated in the future to register the Note under the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, or under any state securities laws and that Company
has not made or is making any representation, warranty or covenant, express or implied, as to the availability of any exemption from
registration under the 1933 Act or any applicable state securities laws for the resale, pledge or other transfer of the Note. For purposes
of this Agreement, Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation,
a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof.

3. Companys
Representations and Warranties. Company represents and warrants to Investor that as of the Closing Date:

(i) Company
is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of incorporation and has the requisite
corporate power to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted;

(ii) Company
is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the nature of the business
conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary;

(iii) Company
has registered its shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Shares), under Section 12(b) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act), and is obligated to file reports pursuant to Section
13 or Section 15(d) of the 1934 Act;

(iv) each
of the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, have been duly and validly authorized by Company and
all necessary corporate actions have been taken to approve such transactions;

(v) each
of the Transaction Documents has been duly executed and delivered by Company and constitute the valid and binding obligations of Company
enforceable in accordance with their terms;

(vi) the
execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents by Company and the consummation by Company of the other transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents do not and will not conflict with or result in a breach by Company of any of the terms or provisions of,
or constitute a default under (a) Companys formation documents or bylaws, each as currently in effect, (b) any indenture, mortgage,
deed of trust, or other material agreement or instrument to which Company is a party or by which it or any of its properties or assets
are bound or (c) any existing applicable law, rule, or regulation or any applicable decree, judgment, or order of any court, United States
federal, state or foreign regulatory body, administrative agency, or other governmental body having jurisdiction over Company or any
of Companys properties or assets, except with respect to clauses (b) and (c), as would not have a material adverse effect on the
Companys financial condition, results of operations, business or assets (Material Adverse Effect);

3

(vii) no
further authorization, approval or consent of any court, governmental body, regulatory agency, self-regulatory organization, or stock
exchange or market or the stockholders or any lender of Company is required to be obtained by Company for the issuance of the Note to
Investor or the entering into of the Transaction Documents;

(viii) none
of Companys filings with the SEC contained, at the time they were filed, any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading;

(ix) Company
has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by Company with the SEC under the 1934 Act
on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such report, schedule, form, statement or
other document prior to the expiration of any such extension;

(x) other
than disclosed in the Companys SEC filings, there is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court,
public board or body pending or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened against or affecting Company before or by any governmental authority
or non-governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality or any other person wherein such unfavorable decision,
ruling or finding would have a Material Adverse Effect on Company or which would adversely affect the validity or enforceability of,
or the authority or ability of Company to perform its obligations under, any of the Transaction Documents;

(xi) Company
has not consummated any financing transaction that is required to be disclosed but has not been disclosed in a periodic filing or current
report with the SEC under the 1934 Act;

(xii) Company
is not, nor has it been at any time in the previous twelve (12) months, a Shell Company, as such type of issuer
is described in Rule 144(i)(1) under the 1933 Act;

(xiii) with
respect to any commissions, placement agent or finders fees or similar payments that will or would become due and owing by Company
to any person or entity as a result of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (Broker Fees), any
such Broker Fees will be made in full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and only to a person or entity that is a registered
investment adviser or registered broker-dealer;

(xiv) Investor
shall have no obligation with respect to any Broker Fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other persons for fees
of a type contemplated in this subsection that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and Company shall indemnify
and hold harmless each of Investor, Investors employees, officers, directors, stockholders, members, managers, agents, and partners,
and their respective affiliates, from and against all claims, losses, damages, costs (including the costs of preparation and reasonable
attorneys fees) and expenses suffered in respect of any such claimed or existing Broker Fees;

4

(xv) neither
Investor nor any of its officers, directors, members, managers, stockholders, employees, agents or representatives has made any representations
or warranties to Company or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives except as expressly set forth in the
Transaction Documents and, in making its decision to enter into the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, Company is
not relying on any representation, warranty, covenant or promise of Investor or its officers, directors, members, managers, employees,
agents or representatives other than as set forth in the Transaction Documents;

(xvi) Company
has 100,000,000 Common Shares authorized, and 5,872,548 Common Shares issued an outstanding;

(xvii) Company
acknowledges that the State of Utah has a reasonable relationship and sufficient contacts to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents and any dispute that may arise related thereto such that the laws and venue of the State of Utah, as set forth more specifically
in Section 9.2 below, shall be applicable to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated therein;

(xviii) Company
acknowledges that Investor is not registered as a dealer under the 1934 Act;

(xix) Company
has performed due diligence and background research on Investor and its affiliates and has received and reviewed the due diligence packet
provided by Investor.

(xx) Company,
being aware of the matters and legal issues described in subsections (xviii) and (xix) above, acknowledges and agrees that such matters,
or any similar matters, have no bearing on the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and covenants and agrees it will
not use any such information or legal theory as a defense to performance of its obligations under the Transaction Documents or in any
attempt to avoid, modify, reduce, rescind or void such obligations.

4. Company
Covenants. Until all of Companys obligations under all of the Transaction Documents are paid and performed in full, or within
the timeframes otherwise specifically set forth below, Company will at all times comply with the following covenants:

(i) so
long as Investor beneficially owns the Note (as defined in the Note) thereafter, Company will timely file on the applicable deadline
all reports required to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act, and will take all reasonable action under
its control to ensure that adequate current public information with respect to Company, as required in accordance with Rule 144 of the
1933 Act, is publicly available, and will not terminate its status as an issuer required to file reports under the 1934 Act even if the
1934 Act or the rules and regulations thereunder would permit such termination;

(ii) the
Common Shares will be listed or quoted for trading on NYSE, NYSE American, or Nasdaq;

(iii) trading
in Companys Common Shares will not be suspended, halted, chilled, frozen, reach zero bid or otherwise cease trading on Companys
principal trading market;

5

(iv) Company
will not make any Restricted Issuance (as defined below) without Investors prior written consent, which consent may be granted
or withheld in Investors sole and absolute discretion, provided, however, that no consent for a Restricted Issuance will
be required if the proceeds from such Restricted Issuance are used to repay the Note in full; and

(v) [intentionally
omitted].

For
purposes hereof, the term Restricted Issuance means the issuance, incurrence or guaranty of any debt obligations
other than trade payables in the ordinary course of business, or the issuance of any securities that: (1) have or may have conversion
rights of any kind, contingent, conditional or otherwise, in which the number of shares that may be issued pursuant to such conversion
right varies with the market price of the Common Shares, (2) are or may become convertible into Common Shares (including without limitation
convertible debt, warrants or convertible preferred shares), with a conversion price that varies with the market price of the Common
Shares, even if such security only becomes convertible following an event of default, the passage of time, or another trigger event or
condition; (3) have a fixed conversion price, exercise price or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date at
any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security (A) due to a change in the market price of Companys Common
Shares since the date of the initial issuance, or (B) upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related
to the business of Company (including, without limitation, any full ratchet or weighted average anti-dilution
provisions, but not including any standard anti-dilution protection for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock
split or other similar transaction), or such security contains a fixed conversion price with a provision to increase the outstanding
balance upon a breach or default; or (4) are issued in connection with a Section 3(a)(9) exchange, a Section 3(a)(10) settlement, or
any other similar settlement or exchange. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the following will be considered Restricted Issuances:
(i) issuances pursuant to ATM facilities; (ii) commercial bank loans and lines of credit; (iii) leases, (iv) grants of securities to
employees, officers, directors and advisors pursuant to any compensation plans of the Company, including but not limited to the Companys
equity incentive plans then in effect, or (v) any transaction, including but not limited to a Fundamental Transaction (as such term is
defined in the Note), if any such transaction contemplates the repayment of the Note in full upon consummation of such transaction (any
Fundamental Transaction that contemplates the repayment of the Note in full upon consummation of such transaction shall be referred to
as the Permitted Fundamental Transaction).

5. Conditions
to Companys Obligation to Sell. The obligation of Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note to Investor at the Closing
is subject to the satisfaction, on or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

5.1. Investor
shall have executed the applicable Transaction Documents and delivered the same to Company.

5.2. Investor
shall have delivered the Purchase Price to Company in accordance with Section 1.2 above.

6

6. Conditions
to Investors Obligation to Purchase. The obligation of Investor hereunder to purchase the Note at the Closing is subject to
the satisfaction, on or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for Investors
sole benefit and may be waived by Investor at any time in its sole discretion:

6.1. Company
shall have executed this Agreement and the Note and delivered the same to Investor.

6.2. Company
shall have delivered to Investor a fully executed Officers Certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
B evidencing Companys approval of the Transaction Documents.

6.3. Company
shall have delivered to Investor fully executed copies of all other Transaction Documents required to be executed by Company herein or
therein.

7. Most
Favored Nation. So long as the Note is outstanding, upon any issuance by Company of any debt security with any economic term or condition
more favorable to the holder of such security or with a term in favor of the holder of such security that was not similarly provided
to Investor in the Transaction Documents, then Company shall notify Investor of such additional or more favorable economic term and such
term, at Investors option, shall become a part of the Transaction Documents for the benefit of Investor. Additionally, if Company
fails to notify Investor of any such additional or more favorable term, but Investor becomes aware that Company has granted such a term
to any third party, Investor may notify Company of such additional or more favorable term and such term shall become a part of the Transaction
Documents retroactive to the date on which such term was granted to the applicable third party. The types of economic terms contained
in another debt security that may be more favorable to the holder of such security include, but are not limited to, terms addressing
convertibility, conversion discounts, conversion lookback periods, floor prices, interest rates, original issue discounts, stock sales
prices, conversion prices, warrant coverage, warrant exercise prices, and anti-dilution/conversion and exercise price resets.

8. Reinvestment
Right. During the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the date the Note is paid in full, Investor may, with Companys
consent, reinvest up to an additional $3,000,000.00 in Company in one or more tranches on the same terms and conditions as the Note.

9. Miscellaneous.
The provisions set forth in this Section 9 shall apply to this Agreement, as well as all other Transaction Documents as if these terms
were fully set forth therein; provided, however, that in the event there is a conflict between any provision set forth in this Section
9 and any provision in any other Transaction Document, the provision in such other Transaction Document shall govern.

9.1. Arbitration
of Claims. The parties shall submit all Claims (as defined in Exhibit C) arising under this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document or any other agreement between the parties and their affiliates or any Claim relating to the relationship of the parties to
binding arbitration pursuant to the arbitration provisions set forth in Exhibit C attached hereto (the Arbitration Provisions).
For the avoidance of doubt, the parties agree that the injunction described in Section 9.3 below may be pursued in an arbitration that
is separate and apart from any other arbitration regarding all other Claims arising under the Transaction Documents. The parties hereby
acknowledge and agree that the Arbitration Provisions are unconditionally binding on the parties hereto and are severable from all other
provisions of this Agreement. By executing this Agreement, each party represents, warrants and covenants that Company has reviewed the
Arbitration Provisions carefully, consulted with legal counsel about such provisions (or waived its right to do so), understands that
the Arbitration Provisions are intended to allow for the expeditious and efficient resolution of any dispute hereunder, agrees to the
terms and limitations set forth in the Arbitration Provisions, and that Company will not take a position contrary to the foregoing representations.
Each party acknowledges and agrees that Investor may rely upon the foregoing representations and covenants of the other party regarding
the Arbitration Provisions.

7

9.2. Governing
Law; Venue. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity,
interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Utah, without giving effect
to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Utah or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the
application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Utah. Each party consents to and expressly agrees that the exclusive
venue for arbitration of any dispute arising out of or relating to any Transaction Document or the relationship of the parties or their
affiliates shall be in Salt Lake County, Utah. Without modifying the parties obligations to resolve disputes hereunder pursuant
to the Arbitration Provisions, for any litigation arising in connection with any of the Transaction Documents, each party hereto hereby
(i) consents to and expressly submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in Salt Lake County,
Utah, (ii) expressly submits to the exclusive venue of any such court for the purposes hereof, (iii) agrees to not bring any such action
outside of any state or federal court sitting in Salt Lake County, Utah, and (iv) waives any claim of improper venue and any claim or
objection that such courts are an inconvenient forum or any other claim, defense or objection to the bringing of any such proceeding
in such jurisdiction or to any claim that such venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper.. Finally, Company covenants and agrees
to name Investor as a party in interest in, and provide written notice to Investor in accordance with Section 9.9 below prior to bringing
or filing any action (including without limitation any filing or action against any person or entity that is not a party to this Agreement)
that is related in any way to the Transaction Documents or any transaction contemplated herein or therein, and further agrees to timely
name Investor as a party to any such action. Company acknowledges that the governing law and venue provisions set forth in this Section
9.2 are material terms to induce Investor to enter into the Transaction Documents and that but for Companys agreements set forth
in this Section 9.2 Investor would not have entered into the Transaction Documents.

9.3. Specific
Performance. Company acknowledges and agrees that Investor may suffer irreparable harm if Company fails to perform any material provision
of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents in accordance with its specific terms. It is accordingly agreed that Investor
shall be entitled to one or more injunctions to prevent or cure breaches of the provisions of this Agreement or such other Transaction
Document and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof or thereof, this being in addition to any other remedy to which
Investor may be entitled under the Transaction Documents, at law or in equity. Company specifically agrees that:

(i) following
an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) under the Note, Investor shall have the right to seek and receive injunctive relief from
a court or an arbitrator prohibiting Company from issuing any of its Common Shares or preferred stock to any party unless (a) fifty percent
(50%) of the gross proceeds received by Company in connection with such issuance are simultaneously used by Company to make a payment
under the Note or (b) the Note is paid in full as a result of such issuance; and

(ii) if
Company or any of its subsidiaries enters into a definitive agreement that contemplates a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the
Note), unless such agreement contains a closing condition that the Note is repaid in full upon consummation of the transaction or Investor
has provided its written consent in writing to such Fundamental Transaction, Investor shall have the right to seek and receive injunctive
relief from a court or arbitrator preventing the consummation of such transaction.

Company
specifically acknowledges that Investors right to obtain specific performance constitutes bargained for leverage and that the
loss of such leverage would result in irreparable harm to Investor. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event Investor seeks to obtain
an injunction from a court or an arbitrator against Company or specific performance of any provision of any Transaction Document, such
action shall not be a waiver of any right of Investor under any Transaction Document, at law, or in equity, including without limitation
its rights to arbitrate any Claim pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents, nor shall Investors pursuit of an injunction
prevent Investor, under the doctrines of claim preclusion, issues preclusion, res judicata or other similar legal doctrines, from pursuing
other Claims in the future in a separate arbitration.

8

9.4. Counterparts.
Each Transaction Document may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or
any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and
any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

9.5. Headings.
The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this
Agreement.

9.6. Severability.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such
provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform to such statute
or rule of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other provision hereof.

9.7. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement, together with the other Transaction Documents, contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect
to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither Company nor Investor makes
any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. For the avoidance of doubt, all prior term sheets
or other documents between Company and Investor, or any affiliate thereof, related to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents (collectively, Prior Agreements), that may have been entered into between Company and Investor, or any
affiliate thereof, are hereby null and void and deemed to be replaced in their entirety by the Transaction Documents. To the extent there
is a conflict between any term set forth in any Prior Agreement and the term(s) of the Transaction Documents, the Transaction Documents
shall govern.

9.8. Amendments.
No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by both parties hereto.

9.9. Notices.
Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing (unless otherwise specified herein) and shall be deemed effectively
given on the earliest of: (i) the date delivered, if delivered by personal delivery as against written receipt therefor or by e-mail
to an executive officer named below or such officers successor, (ii) the earlier of the date delivered or the third business day
after deposit, postage prepaid, in the United States Postal Service by certified mail, or (iii) the earlier of the date delivered or
the third business day after mailing by express courier, with delivery costs and fees prepaid, in each case, addressed to each of the
other parties thereunto entitled at the following addresses (or at such other addresses as such party may designate by five (5) calendar
days advance written notice similarly given to each of the other parties hereto):

If
to Company:

Sonim
Technologies, Inc.

Attn:
Clay Crolius

4445
Eastgate Mall, Suite 200

San
Diego, California 92121

E-mail:
[*****]

9

With
a copy to (which copy shall not constitute notice):

Venable
LLP

Attn:
William N. Haddad

151
W. 42nd Street, 49th Floor,

New
York, NY 10036

E-mail:
wnhaddad@venable.com

If
to Investor:

Streeterville
Capital, LLC

Attn:
John Fife

297
Auto Mall Drive, Suite #4

St.
George, Utah 84770

E-mail:
[*****]

With
a copy to (which copy shall not constitute notice):

Hansen
Black Anderson Ashcraft PLLC

Attn:
Jonathan Hansen

3051
West Maple Loop Drive, Suite 325

Lehi,
Utah 84043

Email:
jhansen@hbaalaw.com

9.10. Successors
and Assigns. Upon prior written notice to Company, this Agreement or any of the severable rights and obligations inuring to the benefit
of or to be performed by Investor hereunder may be assigned by Investor to its affiliates, in whole or in part, without the need to obtain
Companys consent thereto, provided, however, that any such assignee agrees in writing to by bound by the terms of all Transaction
Documents as though an original party thereto. Except as set forth above, neither Investor nor Company may not assign its rights or obligations
under this Agreement or delegate its duties hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party.

9.11. Survival.
The representations and warranties of the parties and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the Closing
hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of each party. Each party agrees to indemnify and
hold harmless and all its officers, directors, employees, attorneys, and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related
to any breach or alleged breach by such party of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or
any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred.

9.12. Further
Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

9.13. Rights
and Remedies Cumulative. All rights, remedies, and powers conferred in this Agreement and the Transaction Documents are cumulative
and not exclusive of any other rights or remedies, and shall be in addition to every other right, power, and remedy that a party may
have, whether specifically granted in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or existing at law, in equity, or by statute,
and any and all such rights and remedies may be exercised from time to time and as often and in such order as such party may deem expedient.

10

9.14. Attorneys
Fees and Cost of Collection. In the event any suit, action or arbitration is filed by either party against the other to interpret
or enforce any of the Transaction Documents, the unsuccessful party to such action agrees to pay to the prevailing party all costs and
expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees incurred therein, including the same with respect to an appeal. The prevailing
party shall be the party in whose favor a judgment is entered, regardless of whether judgment is entered on all claims asserted
by such party and regardless of the amount of the judgment; or where, due to the assertion of counterclaims, judgments are entered in
favor of and against both parties, then the judge or arbitrator shall determine the prevailing party by taking into account
the relative dollar amounts of the judgments or, if the judgments involve nonmonetary relief, the relative importance and value of such
relief. Nothing herein shall restrict or impair an arbitrators or a courts power to award fees and expenses for frivolous
or bad faith pleading. If (i) the Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement prior to commencing arbitration
or legal proceedings, or is collected or enforced through any arbitration or legal proceeding, or Investor otherwise takes action to
collect amounts due under the Note or to enforce the provisions of the Note, or (ii) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership
of Company or other proceedings affecting Companys creditors rights and involving a claim under the Note; then Company
shall pay the reasonable costs incurred by Investor for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy,
reorganization, receivership or other proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees, expenses, deposition
costs, and disbursements.

9.15. Waiver.
No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in the form of a writing signed by the party granting the
waiver. No waiver of any provision or consent to any prohibited action shall constitute a waiver of any other provision or consent to
any other prohibited action, whether or not similar. No waiver or consent shall constitute a continuing waiver or consent or commit a
party to provide a waiver or consent in the future except to the extent specifically set forth in writing.

9.16. Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO DEMAND THAT ANY ACTION,
PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, OR THE RELATIONSHIPS
OF THE PARTIES HERETO BE TRIED BY JURY. THIS WAIVER EXTENDS TO ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO DEMAND A TRIAL BY JURY ARISING UNDER COMMON LAW
OR ANY APPLICABLE STATUTE, LAW, RULE OR REGULATION. FURTHER, EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT SUCH PARTY IS KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY
WAIVING SUCH PARTYS RIGHT TO DEMAND TRIAL BY JURY.

9.17. Time
is of the Essence. Time is expressly made of the essence with respect to each and every provision of this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents.

9.18. Voluntary
Agreement. Company has carefully read this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and has asked any questions needed
for Company to understand the terms, consequences and binding effect of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and
fully understand them. Company has had the opportunity to seek the advice of an attorney of Companys choosing, or has waived the
right to do so, and is executing this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents voluntarily and without any duress or undue
influence by Investor or anyone else.

[Remainder
of page intentionally left blank; signature page follows]

11

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Investor and Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written

INVESTOR:

STREETERVILLE
CAPITAL, LLC

By: /s/
John Fife

John
Fife, President

COMPANY:

SONIM
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

By: /s/
Clay Crolius

Clay
Crolius, Chief Financial Officer

ATTACHED
EXHIBITS:

Exhibit
A Note

Exhibit
B Officers Certificate

Exhibit
C Arbitration Provisions

[Signature
Page to Note Purchase Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>sonm-20250221.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>sonm-20250221_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>sonm-20250221_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 21, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38907

Entity Registrant Name Sonim Technologies,
Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001178697

Entity Tax Identification Number 94-3336783

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 4445 Eastgate
Mall

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 200

Entity Address, City or Town San Diego

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92121

City Area Code (650)

Local Phone Number 378-8100

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol SONM

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://sonimtech.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
sonm-20250221.xsd 
sonm-20250221_lab.xml 
sonm-20250221_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-007911-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001178697 

2025-02-21 
2025-02-21 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001178697 
8-K 
2025-02-21 
Sonim Technologies, Inc. 
DE 
001-38907 
94-3336783 
4445 Eastgate Mall 
Suite 200 
San Diego 
CA 
92121 
(650) 
378-8100 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
SONM 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>