<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-004007.txt : 20250128
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-004007.hdr.sgml : 20250128
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250128170037
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-004007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250122
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250128
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250128

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Blink Charging Co.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001429764
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS TRANSPORTATION EQUIPMENT [3790]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				030608147
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38392
		FILM NUMBER:		25565310

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		407 LINCOLN ROAD, SUITE 704
		CITY:			MIAMI BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33139
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(305) 521-0200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		407 LINCOLN ROAD, SUITE 704
		CITY:			MIAMI BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33139

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Car Charging Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091207

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NEW IMAGE CONCEPTS, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080313
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000142976400014297642025-01-222025-01-22iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
DC 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 22, 2025

BLINK
CHARGING CO.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-38392 03-0608147

(State
or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS
Employer

Identification No.)

5081
Howerton Way, Suite A, Bowie, Maryland 20715

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (305)521-0200

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of Each Class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common
Stock BLNK The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

CURRENT
REPORT ON FORM 8-K

Blink Charging Co. (the Company)

January 22, 2025

Item
5.02. Departure
of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Michael
Battaglia Becomes CEO and Joins Blink Board

As
previously disclosed in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on August
30, 2024, Michael Battaglia, our current Chief Operating Officer, will assume the duties and positions of the President and Chief Executive
Officer of the Company effective February 1, 2025. On January 22, 2025, the Board of Directors of the Company elected Mr. Battaglia to
become a member of the Board of Directors effective February 1, 2025. Mr. Battaglias election increases the size of our Board
to eight members.

Mr.
Battaglia has served as the Companys Chief Operating Officer since September 2023. Mr. Battaglia joined the Company in July 2020
as the Vice President of Sales. In January 2021, Mr. Battaglia was promoted to Senior Vice President of Sales and Business Development,
and, in December 2022, he was promoted to Chief Revenue Officer. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Battaglia served in various management
positions for J.D. Power & Associates from March 2006 to July 2020, assisting dealerships and automotive OEMs improve operations
by utilizing data-driven insights and conducting comprehensive analyses. Mr. Battaglia is an automotive and EV charging veteran with
more than 25 years of experience in the industry and has expertise in building high performing sales and operations teams. Throughout
his time with the Company, Mr. Battaglia has worked closely with the operations teams to streamline systems and processes related to
order processing and fulfillment, customer support structures, and new product procurement, which has led to increases in the Companys
operational efficiency. Mr. Battaglia led the effort to implement Salesforce CRM, tying together field service and accounting functions
globally for the Company. Additionally, Mr. Battaglia has led the Companys sales and business development efforts for over three
years, resulting in record-high sales and revenue each of the last three years. Mr. Battaglia received a B.S. degree in finance from
the Carroll School of Management at Boston College.

During
the last two years, other than customary arrangements in connection with serving as the Companys Chief Operating Officer, there
have been no transactions or proposed transactions by the Company in which Mr. Battaglia has had or is to have a direct or indirect material
interest, and there are no family relationships between Mr. Battaglia and any of the Companys executive officers or directors.

Michael
Battaglia Enters into CEO Employment Agreement

On
January 23, 2025, the Company and Mr. Battaglia entered into a Chief Executive Officer Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement),
pursuant to which Mr. Battaglia will serve as the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer for a two-year term commencing
on February 1, 2025. The employment term is automatically renewable for successive one-year periods thereafter unless either party provides
timely notice of intent to terminate the Employment Agreement. Mr. Battaglia will receive an annual base salary of $575,000 and will
be eligible for annual grants under the Companys Executives Short-Term Incentive bonus plan (STI Plan), with
an annual target amount of 60% of his base salary, and under the Companys Executives Long-Term Incentive bonus plan (LTI
Plan), with an annual target amount of 100% of his base salary, as described below. Within 30 days following the effective date
of the Employment Agreement, he will also receive a one-time equity signing bonus of $150,000 worth of restricted common stock that vests
annually in equal one-third installments beginning on the first anniversary of the grant date.

Mr.
Battaglias STI bonus is a performance-based cash award, subject to the determination of performance results in accordance with
the terms of the STI Plan. Specific performance targets and potential awards will be determined by the Boards Compensation Committee
in accordance with the STI Plan and will reflect distinct key performance indicator (KPI) goals tailored specifically for each component,
developed collaboratively by the Board, the Compensation Committee and the Companys executive team.

Mr.
Battaglias LTI bonus is comprised of two components governed by the LTI Plan. The LTI Plan provides that 50% of the bonus is designated
as performance-based stock awards in the form of restricted stock units (RSUs) that vest in four equal installments upon the achievement
of specific stock price performance targets, and 50% of the bonus as time-based stock awards in the form of RSUs that vest annually in
equal one-third increments on each anniversary of the grant date.

The
above bonuses and equity grants are subject to the Companys clawback policies.

If
Mr. Battaglias employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (which includes willful material misconduct and willful failure
to materially perform his responsibilities to the Company) or by him for Good Reason (which includes a material adverse change in the
Executives authority, duties or responsibilities), he is entitled to receive severance equal to 12 months of base salary plus
his target STI and LTI bonuses for the year of termination in return for his signing of a general release in favor of the Company. If
such termination occurs within six months before or after a change of control, the severance payments above will be doubled
and all unvested RSUs will vest. RSUs with performance components will vest and be prorated according to the performance achieved as
of the change of control.

Under
the Employment Agreement, Mr. Battaglia is prohibited from disclosure of confidential information, which includes all information not
generally known to the public regarding the Company and its affiliates, subsidiaries or its businesses. Mr. Battaglia further agreed
that during his employment with the Company and for 12 months thereafter he will not solicit or attempt to solicit any Company clients,
customers or vendors for the purpose of providing services or products that compete with those offered by the Company for the same 12
month period and, for the same period, he will not solicit, hire, recruit or attempt to hire or recruit, or induce the termination of
employment of any employee of the Company.

The
foregoing summary description of the Employment Agreement is qualified by reference to the full text thereof, a copy of which is attached
as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein in its entirety.

Item
9.01. Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.
The exhibits listed in the following Exhibit Index are filed as part of this current report.

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Chief Executive Officer Employment Agreement, dated January 23, 2025, between Michael Battaglia and Blink Charging Co.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

BLINK
CHARGING CO.

Date:
January 28, 2025 By: 

/s/
Brendan S. Jones

Name: Brendan
S. Jones

Title: Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

chief
executive officer

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT

This
Chief Executive Officer Employment Agreement (the Agreement) is made and entered into this January 23rd,
2025, by and between Michael Battaglia (the Executive) and Blink Charging Co., a Nevada corporation (the Company).

WHEREAS,
The Company, through its Affiliates and subsidiaries, sells, installs, and maintains electric vehicle charging stations located on
municipal or privately owned real property within designated areas throughout the United States and abroad (the Business);
and

WHEREAS,
Executive has been employed by the Company as its Chief Operating Officer under an employment agreement dated September 18, 2023
(the Ending Agreement); and

WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors (the Board) promoted Executive to the position of President and Chief Executive Officer
and approved promotion in the Boards meeting dated August 27, 2024; and

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to execute this employment agreement with Executive based on terms and conditions set forth herein; and

WHEREAS,
Executive desires to execute this employment agreement with the Company on such terms and conditions.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, promises, and obligations set forth herein, the parties agree as follows:

1. Term.
Executives employment hereunder shall be effective as of February 1, 2025 (the Effective Date). The period
during which the Company employs Executive hereunder is referred to as the Term. The Term will commence on
the Effective Date and continue for two (2) years unless notice of the intent to terminate the Agreement is provided in writing by
either Party to the other at least sixty (60) days before the end of the Term. If neither Party provides notice of intent to terminate
the Agreement at least sixty (60) days before the end of the Term or any Renewal Term, the Term and any subsequent Renewal Term will
automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods (each a Renewal Term). For the purposes of the Sections
discussing Severance below, a Termination of this Agreement less than sixty (60) days prior to the end of the Term will be considered
a Termination during the Renewal Term.

2. Employment.

2.1. Appointment.
The Company agrees to promote Executive to the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO),
which Executive hereby accepts. In this capacity, Executive will report directly to the Companys Board. During the Term defined
herein, including any renewals, Executive will undertake such duties, authority, and responsibilities as shall be determined from
time to time by the Board of Directors, which duties, authority, and responsibilities as determined by the Board. These responsibilities
will be commensurate with Executives position, including, but not limited to, overseeing employment decisions for all non-C-Suite
employees, and entering into agreements with third parties in the ordinary course of business, such as consulting, distribution,
and vendor agreements. Executive will be permitted to work from any Blink location (outlined in schedule A) provided that Executive
maintains a residence in the State of Maryland, or such other location as mutually agreed to in writing. Additionally, Executive
agrees to serve as president, chief executive officer, director, managing member, managing director of the Companys subsidiaries
or affiliates as needed. The Company may also direct Executive to fulfill similar duties, provided that Executives overall
time commitment remains comparable to their current commitment to the Company. Executive commits to serving the Company and its Affiliates
diligently and to the best of his ability. Executive further agrees to be nominated for a Board position and to serve as a Board
member with no additional compensation.

2.2. Ending
Agreement. Following
the execution of this Agreement and upon the Effective Date, the Ending Agreement will terminate. Upon termination of the Ending
Agreement, Executive will be entitled to all compensation and benefits accrued under the Ending Agreement until such termination,
and all equity awards under such agreement will continue to vest. However, all other forms of compensation, including bonuses and
benefits under the Ending Agreement, will terminate and be replaced by those established under this Agreement.

2.3. Duties.
During the Term, Executive shall devote substantially all business time and attention to the performance of Executives duties
hereunder. Executive shall not engage in any other business, profession, or occupation for compensation or otherwise which may conflict
with or interfere with these responsibilities, either directly or indirectly, without prior written consent from the Board. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Executive may: (a) serve as a director, trustee, or committee member of a charitable organization with a formal resolution
from the Board, and (b) own less than five percent (5%) of publicly traded securities in any corporation, provided that, such ownership
is a passive investment, and Executive is not a controlling person or part of a controlling. Additionally, activities in clauses
(a) and (b) must not interfere with Executives obligations, duties, and responsibilities to the Company as outlined in this
Agreement, including, but not limited to, those in Section 1.

3. Compensation.

3.1. Base
Salary. The Company shall pay Executive
an annual base salary of five hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars ($575,000) in monthly installments (the Base Salary),
less applicable taxes and withholdings, and paid in accordance with the Companys customary payroll practices and procedures
for all Companys employees, and applicable wage payment laws.

3.2. Bonuses.

3.2.1. For
each complete calendar year during the Term (Grant Date), Executive shall be eligible for an annual grant (the
Grant) of both a Short-Term Incentive Bonus (the STB) and a Long-Term Incentive Bonus (the
LTB), collectively referred to as the Annual Bonus. Executives annual target bonus
amount will be 60% of their Base Salary for the STB and an additional 100% of their Base Salary for the LTB (together, the Target
Bonus). 

3.2.2. One-Time
Equity Signing Bonus.

The
Company shall grant $150,000 worth of restricted stock to Executive Signing Bonus) within 30 days following
the Effective Date. The restricted stock shall vest annually in equal one-third installments beginning on the first anniversary of
the Grant Date.

3.2.3. Short-Term
Incentive Bonus (STB).

3.2.3.1. The
STB is a performance-based award.

3.2.3.2. The
STB will be awarded 100% in cash, with the full cash amount paid to the Executive within six months of the Grant Date, subject to
the determination of performance results, in accordance with the term of the STI plan (Section 3.2.3.3.).

BLINK CHARGING Page 2

3.2.3.3. Executives
Short-Term Incentive Plan. Executives STB shall be governed by the Companys Executives Short-Term Incentive
(the STI) plan, designed to align with the overall objectives of the top executives team (the Executives
Team). The STI plan will incorporate relevant financial and strategic goals established by the Company. Specific performance
targets and potential awards will be determined by the Compensation Committee in accordance with the STI plan and will reflect distinct
key performance indicator (KPI) goals tailored specifically for each component, developed collaboratively by
the Board, the Compensation Committee and the Companys Executives Team. 

3.2.4. Long-Term
Incentive Bonus (LTB).

3.2.4.1. The
LTB is comprised of two components: 50% designated as performance-based stock awards (the Performance-LTB) and
50% as time-based stock awards (the Time-LTB). 

3.2.4.2. The
Performance-LTB shall be (a) awarded to Executive in restricted stock units (RSUs), (b) subject to achieving
KPIs defined in the LTI vesting schedule outlined hereunder (defined in section 3.2.4.5 below).

3.2.4.3. The
Time-LTB shall be (a) awarded to Executive in RSUs, and (b) shall be subject to vesting schedule outlined hereunder.

3.2.4.4. Vesting
Schedule Time Based LTB. The Time-LTB stock award shall vest annually in equal one-third (1/3) increments on each anniversary
of the Grant Date. 

3.2.4.5. Executives
Long-Term Incentive Plan. Executives Performance-LTB shall be governed by the Companys Executives Long-Term
Incentive (the LTI) plan, designed to align with the overall objectives of the Executive Team. The LTI plan
will incorporate relevant financial and strategic goals established by the Company. Specific performance targets and potential awards
will be determined by the Compensation Committee in accordance with the LTI plan and will reflect distinct key performance indicator
(KPI) goals tailored specifically for each component, developed collaboratively by the Board, the Compensation
Committee and the Companys Executives Team. 

3.2.4.6. Vesting
Schedule - Performance Based LTB. In addition to the general framework outlined in the LTI plan, the vesting of the Executives
Performance-LTB component will be subject to specific stock price performance targets, as determined by the Compensation Committee.
The Performance-LTB will vest in four equal installments upon the achievement of the following stock price conditions, based on the
stock price reaching the specified threshold, without regard to the 90-day average stock price:

1.First
1/4 Vesting: The first 1/4 of the Performance-LTB will vest when the stock price exceeds $3.00
for a period of 90 consecutive days.

2.Second
1/4 Vesting: The next 1/4 of the Performance-LTB will vest when the stock price exceeds $5.00
for a period of 90 consecutive days.

3.Third
1/4 Vesting: The next 1/4 of the Performance-LTB will vest when the stock price exceeds $7.50
for a period of 90 consecutive days.

4.Final
1/4 Vesting: The final 1/4 of the Performance-LTB will vest when the stock price exceeds $9.50
for a period of 90 consecutive days.

If
performance falls below the established thresholds or other criteria set by the Compensation Committee, the minimum Performance-LTB
granted will be 50% of the total potential Performance-LTB component. Conversely, if performance
exceeds expectations, the Compensation Committee may award an increased amount of the Performance-LTB component, as determined under
the terms of the LTI plan.

BLINK CHARGING Page 3

3.2.5. Vesting.
In addition to the vesting conditions outlined herein, all vesting under this Agreement is contingent upon Executives continued
employment as CEO of the Company at the date the Annual Bonuses are paid, as well as the fulfillment of any KPIs, performance or
tenure criteria established by the Board or its Compensation Committee.

3.2.6. KPIs.
In this Agreement the term KPIs shall mean any key performance indicator goals established by the Board or its
Compensation Committee in collaboration with Executive and/or the Companys Executives Team, including for utilizing in STIs,
LTIs, or any other bonus or equity award programs.

3.2.7. Prorated
Annual Bonus. From the Effective Date through the end of the relevant calendar year, Executive will receive a prorated Annual
Bonus, calculated by taking the Annual Bonus that would have been awarded for the entire year and multiplying it by a fraction where
the numerator represents the number of days from the Effective Date to the end of the calendar year, and the denominator represents
the total number of days in that year. The Annual Bonus will be subject to the terms of the Companys 2018 Incentive Compensation
Plan, or any successor plan (the Incentive Plan).

3.2.8. Additional
Equity Awards. During the Term, Executive
shall be eligible to participate in additional bonus or equity award programs that the Board might set up under the terms of the
Incentive Plan or any successor plan, subject to the terms of the Incentive Plan or successor plan, as determined by the Board or
the Compensation Committee, in its discretion.

3.3. Employee
Benefits. During the Term, Executive shall
be entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans, practices, and programs maintained by the Company, as in effect from time
to time (collectively, Employee Benefit Plans), including, but not limited to, pension and other retirement
plans, including any 401K Plan, group life insurance, dental insurance, medical insurance, sick leave, vacation and holidays at no
cost to Executive, on a basis which is no less favorable than is provided to other similarly situated executives of the Company,
to the extent consistent with applicable law and the terms of the applicable Employee Benefit Plans. The Company reserves the right
to amend or terminate any Employee Benefit Plans at any time in its sole discretion, subject to the terms of such Employee Benefit
Plan and applicable law.

3.4. Paid
Time Off. During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to thirty (30) days of paid vacation days per calendar year (prorated
for partial years) in accordance with the Companys vacation policies, as in effect from time to time. Executive shall receive
other paid time off in accordance with the Companys policies for executive officers, as such policies may exist from time
to time.

3.5. Relocation
Expenses. The Company shall pay, or reimburse
Executive for, all reasonable and necessary cash-out relocation expenses incurred by Executive relating to Executives relocation
to Maryland in accordance with the terms of the Companys relocation policy.

3.6. Business
Expenses. Executive shall be entitled to
reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket business, entertainment, and travel expenses incurred by Executive in
connection with the performance of Executives duties hereunder in accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement
policies and procedures.

4. D&O
Insurance. The Company shall secure and pay all premiums and other expenses associated with a directors and officers
liability policy for Executives benefit in an amount the Company reasonably deems sufficient considering, among other things,
the Companys size and industry and Executives duties.

BLINK CHARGING Page 4

5. Indemnification.
The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Executive to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law against any and all losses,
expenses, liabilities, and claims, including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred by Executive in connection with or arising
out of Executives service as an officer or employee of the Company or any of its affiliates. This indemnification shall apply
to matters arising from actions taken or not taken by Executive in good faith while performing duties on behalf of the Company (including
its affiliates and subsidiaries). The Company shall advance expenses incurred by Executive in connection with such indemnification,
subject to Executives obligation to repay such amounts if it is ultimately determined that Executive is not entitled to indemnification
under this Agreement or applicable law.

6. Key
Person Insurance. The Company may elect to obtain a Key Man term life insurance policy on Executive, and the Company will
be named the payee/beneficiary on such policy.

7. Clawback
Provisions. Notwithstanding any other provisions
in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive-based or other compensation paid to Executive under this Agreement or any other
agreement or arrangement with the Company that is subject to recovery under any law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing
requirement will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such law, government regulation,
or stock exchange listing requirement or any policy adopted by the Company, whether in existence as of the Effective Date or later
adopted. The Company will make any determination for clawback or recovery in its sole discretion in accordance with any applicable
law, regulation or policy.

8. Termination
of Employment. 

8.1. The
Term and Executives employment hereunder may be terminated by either the Company or Executive at any time and for any or no
reason, provided that, unless otherwise provided herein, either party shall be required to give the other party at least 30 days
advance written notice of any termination of Executives employment. On termination of Executives employment during
the Term, Executive shall be entitled to the compensation and benefits described in this Section and shall have no further rights
to any compensation or any other benefits from the Company or any of its affiliates.

8.2. Termination
for Cause or Without Good Reason.

8.2.1. Executives
employment hereunder may be terminated by the Company for Cause or by Executive without Good Reason. If Executives employment
is terminated by the Company for Cause or by Executive without Good Reason, Executive shall be entitled to receive:

8.2.1.1. any
accrued but unpaid Base Salary and accrued but unused vacation which shall be paid on the pay date immediately following the Termination
Date (as defined below) in accordance with the Companys customary payroll procedures; 

8.2.1.2. reimbursement
for unreimbursed business expenses properly incurred by Executive, which shall be subject to and paid in accordance with the Companys
expense reimbursement policy; and

8.2.1.3. such
employee benefits (including equity compensation), if any, to which Executive may be entitled under the Companys employee
benefit plans as of the Termination Date, provided that, in no event shall Executive be entitled to any payments in the nature of
severance or termination payments except as specifically provided herein.

8.2.1.4. Items
4.1(a)(i) through 4.1(a)8.2.1.2 are referred to herein collectively as the Accrued Amounts.

BLINK CHARGING Page 5

8.2.2. For
purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean:

8.2.2.1. Executives
failure to perform Executives duties (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness)
for which Executive failed to cure in the thirty (30) days following written notice by the Board of Directors detailing such failure;
or if such violation is not reasonably curable within such thirty (30) day period but Executive is proceeding diligently and in good
faith to cure such violation, such longer period as is reasonably needed by Jones, not to exceed forty-five (45) days following the
date of such notice; 

8.2.2.2. Executives
failure to comply with any valid and legal directive of the Board of Directors for which Executive failed to cure in the fourteen\(14)
days following written notice by the Board of Directors detailing such failure;

8.2.2.3. Executives
engagement in dishonesty, illegal conduct, misconduct, which is, in each case, injurious to the Company or its affiliates;

8.2.2.4. Executives
embezzlement, misappropriation, or fraud, whether or not related to Executives employment with the Company;

8.2.2.5. Executives
conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a crime that constitutes a felony (or state law equivalent) or a crime that
constitutes a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude;

8.2.2.6. Executives
violation of the Companys written policies or codes of conduct for which Executive failed to cure in the seven (7) days following
written notice by the Board of Directors detailing such violation, except that such cure period does not apply with respect to the
violation of the Companys written policies related to discrimination, harassment, performance of illegal or unethical activities,
and ethical misconduct;

8.2.2.7. Executives
unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information (as defined below);

8.2.2.8. Executives
breach of any material obligation under this Agreement or any other written agreement between Executive and the Company for which
Executive failed to cure in the thirty (30) days following written notice by the Board of Directors detailing such failure; or

8.2.2.9. Executives
engagement in conduct that brings or is reasonably likely to bring the Company negative publicity or into public disgrace, embarrassment,
or disrepute.

8.2.3. For
purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following, in each case during
the Term without Executives written consent:

8.2.3.1. any
material breach by the Company of any material provision of this Agreement; 

8.2.3.2. any
significant reduction amounting to ten (10%) or more in Base Salary or Target Bonus, or any such reduction applied uniformly to all
or certain executives of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Board resolves to decrease the Companys
Executives Team compensation by ten (10%) or more, such decrease shall not be considered as Good Reason; or

8.2.3.3. a
material, adverse change in Executives authority, duties, or responsibilities (other than temporarily while Executive is physically
or mentally incapacitated or as required by applicable law).

8.3. Termination
Without Cause or for Good Reason. The Term
and Executives employment hereunder may be terminated by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason. Executive
cannot terminate employment for Good Reason unless Executive has provided written notice to the Company of the existence of the circumstances
providing grounds for termination for Good Reason within fourteen (14) days of the initial existence of such grounds and the Company
has had at least thirty (30) days from the date on which such notice is provided to cure such circumstances. If Executive does not
terminate employment for Good Reason within fourteen (14) days after the end of the Companys cure period, then Executive will
be deemed to have waived the right to terminate for Good Reason with respect to such grounds.

BLINK CHARGING Page 6

8.3.1. In
the event of such termination under Section 8.4, Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts and subject to Executives
compliance with this Agreement and Executives execution of a release (that is not revoked by Executive under applicable law)
of any and all waivable claims in favor of the Company, its affiliates, and their respective officers and directors in a form provided
by the Company (the Release) and such Release becoming effective following the Termination Date, Executive shall
be entitled to receive the following:

8.3.1.1. A
lump sum payment equal to the full amount of Executives annual Base Salary and an amount equal to the full amount of Executives
Target Bonus in effect for the year in which the Termination Date occurs (except if the grounds for Good Reason is the reduction
in Base Salary and/or Target Bonus, the amount in effect prior to such reduction), which shall be paid within 30 days following the
Termination Date. Such lump sum payment will include only cash compensation (Base Salary and Target Bonus) and will not include any
new equity grants. When the Target Bonus involves RSUs or any other form of equity award, the outstanding non-vested portion for
the relevant year shall be prorated based on the time elapsed in the year and become due to the Executive. The Executive will not
receive any additional equity grants upon termination, only the pro-rated portion of existing equity awards.

8.3.1.2. Any
outstanding equity awards, including RSUs, shall vest in full as of the Termination Date if Executives employment is terminated
by the Company without cause or by Executive for good reason. The unvested portion of any equity awards shall accelerate to fully
vested upon such termination. Executive will be entitled to receive the full value of both vested and accelerated equity awards as
of the Termination Date, and no equity awards shall be forfeited in the event of termination without cause or by Executive for good
reason. No additional equity grants will be made upon termination, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement.

8.4. COBRA.
Provided that Executive timely elects continuation coverage pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985,
as amended (COBRA) for Executive and Executives eligible dependents, a lump sum payment from the Company
equal to the amount of the COBRA premiums for such coverage (at the coverage levels in effect immediately prior to such termination)
for twelve (12) months following the Termination Date, which shall be paid within 30 days following the Executives election
for COBRA continuation coverage.

9. Death
or Disability. Executives employment hereunder shall terminate automatically on Executives death during the
Term, and the Company may terminate Executives employment on account of Executives disability.

9.1. If
Executives employment is terminated during the Term on account of Executives Death or Disability, Executive (or Executives
estate and/or beneficiaries, as the case may be) shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts. Notwithstanding any other provision
contained herein, all payments made in connection with Executives Disability shall be provided in a manner that is consistent
with federal and state law.

9.2. For
purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean a condition that entitles Executive to receive long-term disability
benefits under the Companys long-term disability plan, or if there is no such plan, Executives inability, due to physical
or mental incapacity, to perform the essential functions of Executives job, with or without reasonable accommodation, for
one hundred eighty (180) days out of any three hundred sixty-five (365) day period Any question as to the existence of Executives
Disability as to which Executive and the Company cannot agree shall be determined in writing by a qualified independent physician
mutually acceptable to Executive and the Company. If Executive and the Company cannot agree on a qualified independent physician,
each shall appoint such a physician, and those two physicians shall select a third who shall make such determination in writing.
The determination of Disability made in writing to the Company and Executive shall be final and conclusive for all purposes of this
Agreement.

BLINK CHARGING Page 7

10. Change
of Control. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, if Executives employment hereunder is terminated
by Executive for Good Reason or by the Company without Cause (other than on account of Executives death or Disability), in
each case within six (6) months before or within six (6) months following a Change in Control (CIC), Executive
shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to two (2) times the amount of Executives annual Base Salary and the full amount
of Executives Target Bonus for the year in which the Termination Date occurs (except if the grounds for Good Reason is the
reduction in Base Salary and/or Target Bonus, the amount in effect prior to such reduction). The vesting of any unvested RSUs held
by Executive shall automatically accelerate in full and become vested as of the Termination Date, and Executive shall have the right
to receive the shares underlying those RSUs as soon as administratively possible. Such payment and RSUs acceleration shall be subject
to Executives compliance with Sections 15, 16, 17, 18 and 19 of this Agreement and Executives execution of a Release,
which becomes effective within 30 days following the Termination Date. In the event of a CIC without termination, no payment will
be made. 

10.1. Performance
Awards and KPIs in the Event of a Change of Control.

10.1.1. Stock
Price Goals: In the event of a Change of Control, any outstanding performance-based equity awards, including but not limited
to stock options or RSUs with performance conditions tied to stock price goals, shall be treated as follows:

10.1.1.1. If
the performance target (e.g., stock price goals) has been partially met as of the CIC, the portion of the award corresponding to
the portion of the target achieved prior to the CIC will become vested immediately.

10.1.1.2. If
the performance target has not been met as of the CIC, such awards will vest on a prorated basis based on the time elapsed and the
performance achieved up to the date of the CIC, and the Executive shall be entitled to a pro-rata payout of the award as if the performance
target had been satisfied for that period.

10.1.2. Future
Performance Awards and Regular KPIs. Any performance-based equity or cash awards for future periods that are tied to KPIs
shall be handled as follows:

10.1.2.1. In
the event of a CIC, any future grants or awards tied to KPIs (including regular bonus plans or long-term incentive programs) will
be automatically prorated based on the time elapsed between the last KPI measurement period and the date of the CIC.

10.1.2.2. If
the performance period has not yet ended or is not determinable by the CIC date, the CIC-triggered payout will be calculated based
on the Executives actual performance at the time of the CIC (using available metrics and reasonable estimates).

10.1.3. General
Provisions. Any unvested performance-based awards, whether tied to stock price goals or KPIs, will be eligible for acceleration
upon a termination of employment as described above, provided the Executive complies with the requirements of this Agreement and
executes a Release.

BLINK CHARGING Page 8

10.2. For
purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following after the Effective
Date: (i) one person (or more than one person acting as a group) acquires ownership of stock of the Company that, together with the
stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than 50% of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of
such corporation; (ii) one person (or more than one person acting as a group) acquires (or has acquired during the twelve-month period
ending on the date of the most recent acquisition) ownership of the Companys stock possessing 30% or more of the total voting
power of the Companys stock; (iii) a majority of the members of the Board are replaced during any twelve-month period by directors
whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the Board before the date of appointment or election; or (iv) the
sale of all or substantially all of the Companys assets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not occur
unless such transaction constitutes a change in the ownership of the Company, a change in effective control of the Company, or a
change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Companys assets under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (Section 409A).

11. Notice
of Termination. Any termination of Executives
employment hereunder by the Company or by Executive during the Term (other than termination on account of Executives death
shall be communicated by written notice of termination (Notice of Termination) to the other party hereto in accordance
with Section 35. The Notice of Termination shall specify, to the extent applicable, the facts and circumstances claimed to provide
a basis for termination of Executives employment under the provision so indicated and the applicable Termination Date.

11.1. Termination
Date. Executives Termination Date
shall be: 

11.1.1. If
Executives employment hereunder terminates on account of Executives death, the date of Executives death; 

11.1.2. If
Executives employment hereunder is terminated on account of Executives Disability, the date that it is determined that
Executive has a Disability;

11.1.3. If
the Company terminates Executives employment hereunder for Cause, the date the Notice of Termination is delivered to Executive;

11.1.4. If
the Company terminates Executives employment hereunder without Cause, the date specified in the Notice of Termination, which
shall be no less than five days following the date on which the Notice of Termination is delivered;

11.1.5. If
Executive terminates Executives employment hereunder with or without Good Reason, the date specified in Executives
Notice of Termination, which shall be no less than five days following the date on which the Notice of Termination is delivered;
provided that, the Company may waive all or any part of the five day notice period for no consideration by giving written notice
to Executive and for all purposes of this Agreement, Executives Termination Date shall be the date determined by the Company.

11.1.6. Notwithstanding
anything contained herein, the Termination Date shall not occur until the date on which Executive incurs a separation from
service within the meaning of Section 409A.

12. Resignation
of All Other Positions. On termination of
Executives employment hereunder for any reason, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from all positions that Executive
holds as an officer or member of the Board (or a committee thereof) of the Company or any of its affiliates.

BLINK CHARGING Page 9

13. Section
280G. If any of the payments or benefits
received or to be received by Executive (including, without limitation, any payment or benefits received in connection with Executives
termination of employment, whether pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement, or otherwise)
(all such payments collectively referred to herein as the 280G Payments) constitute parachute payments
within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and would, but for this Section, be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section
4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax, then prior to making the 280G Payments, a calculation shall be made comparing
(i) the Net Benefit (as defined below) to Executive of the 280G Payments after payment of the Excise Tax to (ii) the Net Benefit
to Executive if the 280G Payments are limited to the extent necessary to avoid being subject to the Excise Tax. Only if the amount
calculated under (i) above is less than the amount under (ii) above will the 280G Payments be reduced to the minimum extent necessary
to ensure that no portion of the 280G Payments is subject to the Excise Tax. Net Benefit shall mean the present
value of the 280G Payments net of all federal, state, local, foreign income, employment, and excise taxes. Any reduction made pursuant
to this Section shall be made in a manner determined by the Company that is consistent with the requirements of Section 409A.

14. Cooperation.
The parties agree that certain matters in which Executive will be involved during the Term may necessitate Executives cooperation
in the future. Accordingly, following the termination of Executives employment for any or no reason, to the extent reasonably
requested by the Board, Executive shall cooperate with the Company in connection with matters arising out of Executives service
to the Company, provided that the Company shall make reasonable efforts to minimize disruption of Executives other activities.
The Company shall reimburse Executive for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such cooperation, and to the extent that
Executive is required to spend substantial time on such matters, the Company shall compensate Executive at a reasonable hourly rate.

15. Confidential
Information. Executive understands and acknowledges
that during the Term, Executive will have access to and learn about Confidential Information, as defined below. For purposes of this
Agreement, Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, all information not generally known to
the public, in spoken, printed, electronic, or any other form or medium, of the Company and it affiliates, subsidiaries or its businesses
(the Companys Group) or any existing or prospective customer, supplier, investor or other associated
third party, or of any other person or entity that has entrusted information to the Company Group in confidence. 

15.1. Executive
understands that the above list is not exhaustive, and that Confidential Information also includes other information that is marked
or otherwise identified as confidential or proprietary, or that would otherwise appear to a reasonable person to be confidential
or proprietary in the context and circumstances in which the information is known or used. Executive understands and agrees that
Confidential Information includes information developed by Executive in the course of employment by the Company as if the Company
furnished the same Confidential Information to Executive in the first instance. Confidential Information shall not include information
that is generally available to and known by the public at the time of disclosure to Executive, provided that such disclosure is through
no direct or indirect fault of Executive or person(s) acting on Executives behalf. 

15.2. Company
Creation and Use of Confidential Information. Executive understands and acknowledges that the Company Group has invested, and
continues to invest, substantial time, money, and specialized knowledge into developing its resources, creating a customer base,
generating customer and potential customer lists, training its employees, and improving its offerings. Executive understands and
acknowledges that as a result of these efforts, the Company Group has created and continues to use and create Confidential Information.
This Confidential Information provides the Company Group with a competitive advantage over others in the marketplace. 

BLINK CHARGING Page 10

15.3. Permitted
disclosures. Nothing herein shall be construed to prevent disclosure of Confidential Information as may be required by applicable
law or regulation, or pursuant to the valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided
that the disclosure does not exceed the extent of disclosure required by such law, regulation, or order. In addition, nothing herein
prohibits or restricts Executive from voluntarily communicating with, participating in, or fully cooperating with any investigation
or proceeding that may be conducted by any government agency, including providing documents or other information, without prior notice
to or approval from the Company. Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be interpreted to prevent the Executive from discussing
the Executives wages or other terms and conditions of Executives employment as permitted by the National Labor Relations
Act. Similarly, nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be interpreted to prohibit the Executive from reporting possible violations
of law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity having responsibility to investigate the same or from making any truthful
statements in connection with any legal proceeding or investigation by any governmental agency or entity.

15.4. Executive
understands and acknowledges that Executives obligations under this Agreement with regard to any particular Confidential Information
shall commence immediately upon Executive first having access to such Confidential Information (whether before or after Executive
begins employment by the Company) and shall continue during and after Executives employment by the Company until such time
as such Confidential Information has become public knowledge other than as a result of Executives breach of this Agreement
or breach by those acting in concert with Executive or on Executives behalf.

15.5. Pursuant
to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, 18 USC 1833(b)(1), Executive acknowledges and understands the following immunity
Notice:

Immunity.
An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a
trade secret that (A) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly,
or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in
a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.

Use
of Trade Secret Information in Anti-Retaliation Lawsuit. An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting
a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information
in the court proceeding, if the individual (A) files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (B) does not disclose
the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

16. Restrictive
Covenants. Executive understands that the
nature of Executives position gives Executive access to and knowledge of Confidential Information and places Executive in
a position of trust and confidence with the Company Group. Executive understands and acknowledges that the intellectual or artistic
services Executive provides to the Company Group are unique, special, or extraordinary. Executive further understands and acknowledges
that the Company Groups ability to reserve these for the exclusive knowledge and use of the Company Group is of great competitive
importance and commercial value to the Company Group and that improper use or disclosure by Executive is likely to result in unfair
or unlawful competitive activity. Executive acknowledges that the benefits provided to Executive under this Agreement, including
but not limited to the amount of Executives compensation, as well as Executives access to Confidential Information,
constitute sufficient consideration to support the Restrictive Covenants contained in this Agreement. 

BLINK CHARGING Page 11

17. Non-Solicitation
of Employees and Clients. Executive agrees
and covenants not to directly or indirectly solicit, hire, recruit, or attempt to hire or recruit, or induce the termination of employment
of any employee of the Company Group, for a period of twelve (12) months beginning on the last day of the Executives employment
with the Company. Additionally, the Executive agrees not to solicit or attempt to solicit any clients, customers or vendors of the
Company Group, who have had a business relations with the Company Group during all times that Executive has been working for the
Company, for the purpose of providing services or products that compete with those offered by the Company Group for the same twelve
(12) month period.

18. Non-Disparagement.
Executive agrees and covenants that Executive will not at any time make, publish or communicate to any person or entity or in any
public forum any defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments, or statements concerning the Company Group or its businesses, or any
of its employees, officers, and existing and prospective customers,
suppliers, investors, and other associated third parties. This Section does not, in any way, restrict or impede Executive from exercising
protected rights to the extent that such rights cannot be waived by agreement or from complying with any applicable law or regulation
or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that such compliance does not
exceed that required by the law, regulation, or order.

19. Acknowledgment.
Executive acknowledges and agrees that the services to be rendered by Executive to the Company are of a special and unique character;
that Executive will obtain knowledge and skill relevant to the Companys industry, methods of doing business and marketing
strategies by virtue of Executives employment; and that the restrictive covenants and other terms and conditions of this Agreement
are reasonable and reasonably necessary to protect the legitimate business interest of the Company Group. Executive further acknowledges
that the benefits provided to Executive under this Agreement, including the amount of Executives compensation reflects, in
part, Executives obligations and the Companys rights under this Agreement; that Executive has no expectation of any
additional compensation, royalties or other payment of any kind not otherwise referenced herein in connection herewith; and that
Executive will not suffer undue hardship by reason of full compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement or the Companys
enforcement thereof.

20. Remedies.
In the event of a breach or threatened breach by Executive or the Company of any provision of this Agreement, Executive and the Company
hereby consent and agree that the other non-breaching party shall be entitled to seek, in addition to other available remedies, a
temporary or permanent injunction or other equitable relief against such breach or threatened breach from any court of competent
jurisdiction, and that money damages would not afford an adequate remedy, without the necessity of showing any actual damages, and
without the necessity of posting any bond or other security. The aforementioned equitable relief shall be in addition to, not in
lieu of, legal remedies, monetary damages, or other available forms of relief.

BLINK CHARGING Page 12

21. Proprietary
Rights.

21.1. Work
Product. Executive acknowledges and agrees that all right, title, and interest in and to all writings, works of authorship,
technology, inventions, discoveries, processes, techniques, methods, ideas, concepts, research, proposals, materials, and all other
work product of any nature whatsoever, that are created, prepared, produced, authored, edited, amended, conceived, or reduced to
practice by Executive individually or jointly with others during the Term and relate in any way to the business or contemplated business,
products, activities, research, or development of the Company or result from any work performed by Executive for the Company (in
each case, regardless of when or where prepared or whose equipment or other resources is used in preparing the same), all rights
and claims related to the foregoing, and all printed, physical and electronic copies, and other tangible embodiments thereof (collectively,
Work Product), as well as any and all rights in and to US and foreign (a) patents, patent disclosures and inventions
(whether patentable or not), (b) trademarks, service marks, trade dress, trade names, logos, corporate names, and domain names, and
other similar designations of source or origin, together with the goodwill symbolized by any of the foregoing, (c) copyrights and
copyrightable works (including computer programs), and rights in data and databases, (d) trade secrets, know-how, and other confidential
information, and (e) all other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered and including all registrations
and applications for, and renewals and extensions of, such rights, all improvements thereto and all similar or equivalent rights
or forms of protection in any part of the world (collectively, Intellectual Property Rights), shall be the sole
and exclusive property of the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, Work Product includes, but is not limited
to, Company Group information.

21.2. Work
Made for Hire; Assignment. Executive acknowledges
that, by reason of being employed by the Company at the relevant times, to the extent permitted by law, all of the Work Product consisting
of copyrightable subject matter is work made for hire as defined in 17 U.S.C. 101 and such copyrights are therefore
owned by the Company. To the extent that the foregoing does not apply, Executive hereby irrevocably assigns to the Company, for no
additional consideration, Executives entire right, title, and interest in and to all Work Product and Intellectual Property
Rights therein, including the right to sue, counterclaim, and recover for all past, present, and future infringement, misappropriation,
or dilution thereof, and all rights corresponding thereto throughout the world. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed
to reduce or limit the Companys rights, title, or interest in any Work Product or Intellectual Property Rights so as to be
less in any respect than that the Company would have had in the absence of this Agreement. 

22. Further
Assurances; Power of Attorney. During and
after the Term, Executive agrees to reasonably cooperate with the Company to (a) apply for, obtain, perfect, and transfer to the
Company the Work Product as well as any and all Intellectual Property Rights in the Work Product in any jurisdiction in the world;
and (b) maintain, protect and enforce the same, including, without limitation, giving testimony and executing and delivering to the
Company any and all applications, oaths, declarations, affidavits, waivers, assignments, and other documents and instruments as shall
be requested by the Company. Executive hereby irrevocably grants the Company power of attorney to execute and deliver any such documents
on Executives behalf in Executives name and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to transfer the Work Product to
the Company and further the transfer, prosecution, issuance, and maintenance of all Intellectual Property Rights therein, to the
full extent permitted by law, if Executive does not promptly cooperate with the Companys request (without limiting the rights
the Company shall have in such circumstances by operation of law). The power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall not
be affected by Executives subsequent incapacity.

23. No
License. Executive understands that this
Agreement does not, and shall not be construed to, grant Executive any license or right of any nature with respect to any Work Product
or Intellectual Property Rights or any Confidential Information, materials, software, or other tools made available to Executive
by the Company.

24. Publicity.
Executive hereby irrevocably consents to any and all uses and displays, by the Company Group and its agents, representatives and
licensees, of Executives name, voice, likeness, image, appearance, and biographical information in, on or in connection with
any pictures, photographs, audio and video recordings, digital images, websites, television programs and advertising, other advertising
and publicity, sales and marketing brochures, books, magazines, other publications, CDs, DVDs, tapes, and all other printed and electronic
forms and media throughout the world, at any time during or after the Term, for all legitimate commercial and business purposes of
the Company Group (Permitted Uses) without further consent from or royalty, payment, or other compensation to Executive.
Executive hereby forever waives and releases the Company Group and its directors, officers, employees, and agents from any and all
claims, actions, damages, losses, costs, expenses, and liability of any kind, arising under any legal or equitable theory whatsoever
at any time during or after the Term, arising directly or indirectly from the Company Groups and its agents, representatives,
and licensees exercise of their rights in connection with any Permitted Uses.

BLINK CHARGING Page 13

25. Governing
Law: Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement
shall be governed by the laws of Maryland, without regard to conflicts of law principles. Any dispute arising out of or relating
to this Agreement, including its breach, enforcement, or interpretation, shall be resolved through binding arbitration in Maryland,
administered by JAMS under its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court of
competent jurisdiction. This clause does not preclude seeking provisional remedies from a court. The prevailing party in any arbitration
shall be entitled to reasonable costs and attorneys fees. The arbitrator may not award punitive or exemplary damages, except
where permitted by law, and the parties waive the right to such damages. The parties agree to keep the arbitration proceedings and
award confidential, except as necessary for the arbitration process, court applications for remedies, or as required by law.

26. Entire
Agreement. Unless specifically provided
herein, this Agreement contains all of the understandings and representations between Executive and the Company pertaining to the
subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both
written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. The parties mutually agree that the Agreement can be specifically enforced
in court and can be cited as evidence in legal proceedings alleging breach of the Agreement.

27. Modification
and Waiver. No provision of this Agreement
may be amended or modified unless such amendment or modification is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and by the Company.
No waiver by either of the parties of any breach by the other party hereto of any condition or provision of this Agreement to be
performed by the other party hereto shall be deemed a waiver of any similar or dissimilar provision or condition at the same or any
prior or subsequent time, nor shall the failure of or delay by either of the parties in exercising any right, power, or privilege
hereunder operate as a waiver thereof to preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other such right,
power, or privilege.

28. Severability.
Should any provision of this Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be enforceable only if modified, or if any
portion of this Agreement shall be held as unenforceable and thus stricken, such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder
of this Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon the parties with any such modification to become a part
hereof and treated as though originally set forth in this Agreement. The parties further agree that any such court is expressly authorized
to modify any such unenforceable provision of this Agreement in lieu of severing such unenforceable provision from this Agreement
in its entirety, whether by rewriting the offending provision, deleting any or all of the offending provision, adding additional
language to this Agreement, or by making such other modifications as it deems warranted to carry out the intent and agreement of
the parties as embodied herein to the maximum extent permitted by law. The parties expressly agree that this Agreement as so modified
by the court shall be binding upon and enforceable against each of them. In any event, should one or more of the provisions of this
Agreement be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall
not affect any other provisions hereof, and if such provision or provisions are not modified as provided above, this Agreement shall
be construed as if such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provisions had not been set forth herein.

BLINK CHARGING Page 14

29. Headings.
Captions and headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision of this
Agreement is to be construed by reference to the caption or heading of any section or paragraph.

30. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.

31. Tolling.
Should Executive violate any of the terms of the restrictive covenant obligations articulated herein, the obligation at issue will
run from the first date on which Executive ceases to be in violation of such obligation.

32. Section
409A.

32.1. General
Compliance. This Agreement is intended to comply
with Section 409A or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed and administered in accordance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, payments provided under this Agreement may only be made upon an event and in a manner that
complies with Section 409A or an applicable exemption. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either
as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to
the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A, each installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated
as a separate payment. Any payments to be made under this Agreement upon a termination of employment shall only be made upon a separation
from service under Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and
benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A, and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion
of any taxes, penalties, interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by Executive on account of non-compliance with Section
409A.

32.2. Specified
Employees. Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement, if any payment or benefit provided to Executive in connection with Executives termination of employment
is determined to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A and Executive
is determined to be a specified employee as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(b)(i), then such payment or benefit shall
not be paid until the first payroll date following the six-month anniversary of the Termination Date or, if earlier, on Executives
death (the Specified Employee Payment Date). The aggregate of any payments that would otherwise have been paid
before the Specified Employee Payment Date shall be paid to Executive in a lump sum on the Specified Employee Payment Date and thereafter,
any remaining payments shall be paid without delay in accordance with their original schedule.

32.3. Reimbursements.
To the extent required by Section 409A, each reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided under this Agreement shall be provided in
accordance with the following:

32.3.1. the
amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during each calendar year cannot affect the expenses
eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year;

32.3.2. any
reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be paid to Executive on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar
year in which the expense was incurred; and

32.3.3. any
right to reimbursements or in-kind benefits under this Agreement shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

BLINK CHARGING Page 15

33. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement is personal
to Executive and may not be assigned by Executive. Any attempt by Executive to assign this Agreement be deemed null and void from
the date of the attempted assignment. The Company may assign this Agreement to any successor or assignee, whether through purchase,
merger, consolidation, or otherwise, involving all or substantially all of its business or assets. This Agreement shall inure to
the benefit of the Company and its permitted successors and assigns.

34. Notice.
Notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or sent
by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by overnight carrier to the parties at the addresses set forth below
(or such other addresses as specified by the parties by like notice):

If
to the Company:

Blink
Charging Co.

Attn:
Aviv Hillo, Esq., General Counsel

5081
Howerton Way, Ste. A

Bowie,
MD 20715

Legal

If
to Executive:

443
Schley Rd

Annapolis,
MD 21401

35. Representations
of Executive. Executive represents and warrants
to the Company that:

35.1. Executives
acceptance of employment with the Company and the performance of duties hereunder will not conflict with or result in a violation
of, a breach of, or a default under any contract, agreement, or understanding to which Executive is a party or is otherwise bound.

35.2. Executives
acceptance of employment with the Company and the performance of duties hereunder will not violate any non-solicitation, non-competition,
or other similar covenant or agreement of a prior employer.

35.3. Withholding.
The Company shall have the right to withhold from any amount payable hereunder any Federal, state, and local taxes for the Company
to satisfy any withholding tax obligation it may have under any applicable law or regulation.

35.4. Survival.
Upon the expiration or other termination of this Agreement, the respective rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall survive
such expiration or other termination to the extent necessary to carry out the intentions of the parties under this Agreement.

35.5. Acknowledgment
of Full Understanding. EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES
AND AGREES THAT EXECUTIVE HAS FULLY READ, UNDERSTANDS AND VOLUNTARILY ENTERS INTO THIS AGREEMENT. EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES
THAT EXECUTIVE HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO ASK QUESTIONS AND CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY OF EXECUTIVES CHOICE BEFORE SIGNING THIS
AGREEMENT. 

[Signature
Page Follows]

BLINK CHARGING Page 16

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

BLINK
CHARGING CO. 

By: /s/
Michael Rama

Name: Michael
Rama

Title: Chief
Financial Officer (CFO)

EXECUTIVE 

Signature: /s/
Michael Battaglia 

Name: Michael
Battaglia 

BLINK CHARGING Page 17

Schedule
A

Blink
Office Locations:

Bowie,
Maryland USA

Antwerp,
Belgium

Amsterdam,
Netherlands

Phoenix,
Arizona USA

Bangalore,
India

New
Deli, India

Los
Angeles, California USA

Executives
Home Office, Maryland

BLINK CHARGING Page 18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>blnk-20250122.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>blnk-20250122_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>blnk-20250122_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 22, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 22, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38392

Entity Registrant Name BLINK
CHARGING CO.

Entity Central Index Key 0001429764

Entity Tax Identification Number 03-0608147

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 5081
Howerton Way

Entity Address, City or Town Suite A, Bowie

Entity Address, State or Province MD

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 20715

City Area Code (305)

Local Phone Number 521-0200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock

Trading Symbol BLNK

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://blinkcharging.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

blnk-20250122.xsd 
blnk-20250122_lab.xml 
blnk-20250122_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-004007-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001429764 

2025-01-22 
2025-01-22 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001429764 
8-K 
2025-01-22 
BLINK CHARGING CO. 
NV 
001-38392 
03-0608147 
5081 Howerton Way 
Suite A, Bowie 
MD 
20715 
(305) 
521-0200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
BLNK 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>