<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001683168-25-001132.txt : 20250220
<SEC-HEADER>0001683168-25-001132.hdr.sgml : 20250220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250220090010
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-25-001132
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250214
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PRECISION OPTICS CORPORATION, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000867840
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				042795294
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10647
		FILM NUMBER:		25643445

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		22 EAST BROADWAY
		CITY:			GARDNER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01440
		BUSINESS PHONE:		978-630-1800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		22 EAST BROADWAY
		CITY:			GARDNER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01440

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PRECISION OPTICS Corp INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111027

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PRECISION OPTICS CORPORATION INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PRECISION OPTICS CORP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19600201
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>poci_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000086784000008678402025-02-142025-02-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)
February 14, 2025

PRECISION
OPTICS CORPORATION, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Massachusetts 001-10647 04-2795294

(State or other jurisdiction (Commission (IRS Employer

of incorporation) File Number) Identification No.)

22
East Broadway

Gardner,
Massachusetts 01440

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code) (978)630-1800

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction
A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to
Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common
stock, par value $0.01 per share POCI The Nasdaq Stock Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Offering

On
February 19, 2025, Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. (the Company) entered into Securities
Purchase Agreements (the Purchase Agreements) with institutional and accredited investors (collectively, the Investors)
for the sale by the Company of 1,272,500 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share
in a registered direct offering (the Offering) at a purchase price of $4.00 per share. The closing of the Offering is subject
to customary closing conditions and is expected to occur on February 21, 2025 (the Closing Date).

The
gross proceeds to the Company from the offering are expected to be approximately $5.1 million, before deducting the estimated offering
expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering to repay approximately $1,150,000 outstanding
pursuant to the Companys line of credit and for working capital and general corporate purposes.

The
Company has agreed not to issue any shares of common stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares
of common stock for one year following the Closing Date, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, the Company has agreed not to effect
or enter into an agreement to effect any issuance of common stock. 

The
Offering of the Shares was made pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280047 (the Registration Statement),
which was originally filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on June 7, 2024, amended
on June 11, 2024, and declared effective on June 14, 2024.

The
representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Purchase Agreement were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the Purchase
Agreement. In addition, such representations, warranties and covenants: (i) are intended as a way of allocating the risk between
the parties to such agreements and not as statements of fact, and (ii) may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different
from what may be viewed as material by stockholders of, or other investors in, the Company. Accordingly, the Purchase Agreement is filed
with this Current Report on Form 8-K only to provide investors with information regarding the terms of the transactions described herein,
and not to provide investors with any other factual information regarding the Company. Information concerning the subject matter of the
representations and warranties may change after the date of the Purchase Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully
reflected in public disclosures.

The
form of the Purchase Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The foregoing summary of the terms
of the document is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, such document, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Bank
Waiver 

Effective
February 14, 2025, the Companys lender, Main Street Bank, agreed to waive the Companys anticipated covenant default
for the future reporting period ending June 30, 2025, subject to a $30,000 waiver fee and the completion of an equity raise by
February 24, 2025, in the amount of no less than $4,500,000. The waiver is also subject to the Companys line of credit being
paid down to $0 with proceeds from said equity raise, and any future advances contemplated under the line being contingent on the
Company achieving a minimum Debt Service Coverage Ratio of 1.20x (based on quarterly testing). The Waiver Letter is filed as Exhibit
10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The foregoing summary of Waiver Letter is subject to, and qualified in its entirety
by, such document, which is incorporated herein by reference.

2 

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On
February 20, 2025, the Company issued a press release regarding the Offering described above under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on
Form 8-K. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Exhibit
Description

5.1 ArentFox Schiff LLP Legal Opinion

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement

10.2 Waiver Letter from Main Street Bank dated February 14, 2025

99.1 Press
Release dated February 20, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data
File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

3 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

PRECISION OPTICS CORPORATION, INC.

Dated: February 20, 2025 By: /s/ Joseph N. Forkey

Name: Joseph N. Forkey

Title: President

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>poci_ex0501.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ARENTFOX SCHIFF LLP LEGAL OPINION
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

ArentFox
Schiff LLP

1717 K Street, NW

Washington, DC 20006

202.857.6000main

202.857.6395fax

afslaw.com

February 19, 2025

Board of Directors

Precision Optics Corporation, Inc.

22 East Broadway

Gardener, Massachusetts 01440-3338

Re: Registration Statement on Form S-3

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to
Precision Optics Corporation, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the Company), in connection with the Registration
Statement on Form S-3, Registration No. 333-280047 (as amended, the Registration Statement), filed by the Company
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act) and the related prospectus included therein (the Prospectus) and the
prospectus supplement to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) promulgated under the Securities Act (the Prospectus
Supplement). The Registration Statement, which was declared effective on June 14, 2024, relates to the issuance and sale from
time to time, pursuant to Rule 415 of the rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities Act, of, among other securities, shares
of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock). We have also acted as counsel
to the Company in connection with the issuance, offer and sale of up to an aggregate of 1,272,500 shares (the Shares)
of Common Stock. The Shares are being sold pursuant to securities purchase agreements by and among the Company and certain investors (the
Securities Purchase Agreements). This opinion letter is being delivered in accordance with the requirements of Item
601(b)(5) of Regulations S-K under the Securities Act.

In connection with our opinion,
we have examined the Registration Statement (including the exhibits thereto), the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, the Securities
Purchase Agreements and such other documents, corporate records and instruments, and have examined such laws and regulations, as we have
deemed necessary for the purposes of this opinion. In making our examination, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity
of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity with the originals of all documents submitted to us as copies and the legal
capacity of all natural persons. As to matters of fact material to our opinions in this letter, we have relied on certificates and statements
from officers and other employees of the Company, public officials and other appropriate persons.

Based on the foregoing and
subject to the qualifications set forth below, we are of the opinion that:

1. The Shares, when issued
by the Company against payment therefor in the circumstances contemplated by the Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement, will have been
duly authorized for issuance by all necessary corporate action by the Company, and will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

The foregoing opinions are
limited to the Massachusetts Business Corporation Act and we express no opinion as to the laws of any other jurisdiction.

Precision Optics Corporation, Inc.

February 19, 2025

Page 2

The opinions expressed in
this opinion letter are as of the date of this opinion letter only and as to laws covered hereby only as they are in effect on that date,
and we assume no obligation to update or supplement such opinion to reflect any facts or circumstances that may come to our attention
after that date or any changes in law that may occur or become effective after that date. The opinions herein are limited to the matters
expressly set forth in this opinion letter, and no opinion or representation is given or may be inferred beyond the opinions expressly
set forth in this opinion letter.

We hereby consent to the filing
of this opinion as Exhibit 5.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed February 20, 2025, and to the reference to us under
the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus Supplement with respect to the Shares and under the caption Legal Matters
in the Prospectus contained in the Registration Statement. In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit that we are within the category
of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated
thereunder.

Very truly yours,

/s/ ArentFox Schiff, LLP

ArentFox Schiff LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>poci_ex1001.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement
(this Agreement) is dated as of February19, 2025, between Precision Optics Corporation, Inc., a Massachusetts
corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors
and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act), as to the Shares (as defined below), the Company desires to issue and sell to each
Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully
described in this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. In
addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set
forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any
other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so
long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st)
Trading Day following the date hereof.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

1 

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
Securities Counsel means ArentFox Schiff LLP.

Disclosure
Schedules means the disclosure schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date
hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Company, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York
City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof, unless
otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Company.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock, options, restricted stock units, or other equity awards to employees,
consultants, contractors, advisors, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose,
by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors
established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities (including options, rights or warrants) exercisable
or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such
securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise
price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend
the term of such securities, (c) shares of Common Stock or securities exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, shares of
Common Stock sold to employees, directors, consultants, or any of their affiliated entities in the ordinary course of business or pursuant
to agreements or in connection with commitments in place as of the date hereof, and (d) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or
strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided in the case of each of clauses (c)
and (d) that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights
that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.12(a)
herein, and provided that in the case of clauses (d) such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person) which
is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the
Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction
in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing
in securities.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(bb).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(f)(ii).

2 

Liens
means a lien, charge pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Per Share
Purchase Price equals $4.00, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened in writing.

Prospectus
means the base prospectus in the Registration Statement, as supplemented from time to time by any Prospectus Supplement, including the
Prospectus Supplement relating to the Securities filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) and delivered by the Company to each
Purchaser at Closing, including the documents incorporated by reference therein.

Prospectus
Supplement means any prospectus supplement to the Prospectus filed with the Commission from time to time pursuant to Rule 424(b)
under the Securities Act, including the documents incorporated by reference therein.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration
Statement means the effective registration statement with the Commission on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280047), as amended, including
all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such registration statement, which registers the
sale of the Securities and includes any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such rule.

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such rule.

Rule 462(b)
Registration Statement means any registration statement prepared by the Company registering additional Securities, which was
filed with the Commission on or prior to the date hereof and became automatically effective pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated by the
Commission pursuant to the Securities Act.

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

3 

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock). 

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares purchased hereunder as specified below such
Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States
dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth in the SEC Reports and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary
of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement and all exhibits and schedules hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Computershare Trust Company, N.A., and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing. On the
Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase,
up to an aggregate of approximately $5.1 million of Shares. Each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company, via wire transfer, immediately
available funds equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser,
and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares, as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each
Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions
set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of Company Securities Counsel or such other location as the
parties shall mutually agree.

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On or prior
to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i) this Agreement
duly executed by the Company;

(ii) a copy of the
irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver, on an expedited basis, in book entry form (unless
otherwise requested by the Purchasers) a number of Shares equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share
Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser;

4 

(iii)
the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;
and

(iv) the Prospectus
Supplement relating to the Securities (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

(b) On or prior
to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i) this Agreement
duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii) such Purchasers
Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the account specified by the Company.

2.3 Closing Conditions.

(a) The obligations
of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy
in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in
all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless such
representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the
extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all obligations,
covenants, and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed; and

(iii) the delivery
by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The respective
obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy
in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in
all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless such representation
or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects or, to the extent representations
or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all obligations,
covenants, and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the delivery
by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there shall have
been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

(v) from the
date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys principal
Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have
been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such service,
or any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities nor
shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude
in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser,
makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

5 

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations and
Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports or the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be
deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section
of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the SEC Reports or have otherwise been disclosed to Purchasers
by the Company. The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and
clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully
paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries,
all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to
own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in
violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected
to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse
effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis
its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding
has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority
or qualification.

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or
upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute
the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by
general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by general equitable principles and laws relating to the availability
of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions
may be limited by applicable law.

(d) No Conflicts.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the
issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not
(i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation,
bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse
of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company
or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation
(with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or
Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset
of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation
of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which
the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset
of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

6 

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state (including state blue sky law), local or other governmental
authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other
than: (i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus, (iii)
notices and/or application(s) to, and approvals by, each applicable Trading Market for the listing of the Shares for trading thereon in
the time and manner required thereby, and (iv) filings required by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (collectively, the Required
Approvals). All references in this Agreement to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any Prospectus Supplement, or any
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or any amendments or supplements to any of the foregoing, shall be deemed to include any copy thereof
filed with the Commission on EDGAR.

(f) Issuance
of the Securities; Qualification; Registration; Securities Act Compliance and No Stop Orders.

(i) The
Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company, except for restrictions set forth in the Transaction
Documents. The Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar
contractual rights granted by the Company.

(ii) The
Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which
Registration Statement became effective on June 14, 2024, including the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as
may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop
order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus
or the Prospectus Supplement relating to the Securities has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have
been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules and
regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement relating to the Securities with the
Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective as determined
under the Securities Act, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments
thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement relating to the Securities and any
amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the Prospectus and such Prospectus Supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto
was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act
and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company was at the time of
the filing of the Registration Statement eligible to use Form S-3. The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act
and meets the transaction requirements with respect to the aggregate market value of securities being sold pursuant to this offering
and during the twelve (12) months prior to this offering as set forth in General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3.

Any issuer
free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 433 under the Securities Act) relating to the Securities is hereafter referred to as
an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. Any reference herein to the Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to refer
to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein as of the date of filing thereof; and any reference herein to any amendment
or supplement with respect to any of the Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement shall be deemed to refer to and include (i)
the filing of any document with the Commission incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference after the date of filing
of such Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement and (ii) any such document so filed.

(iii) The Registration
Statement complies, and the Prospectus and any further amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus will
comply, in all material respects, with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act. Each part of the Registration Statement, when
such part became effective, did not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus, as of its filing date, and any amendment thereof or
supplement thereto, did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

7 

(iv) No order preventing
or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus has been issued by the Commission.

(g) Capitalization.
The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule 3.1(g) shall
also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under
the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance
of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or
exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No
Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(g) or as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities,
there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to,
or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe
for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or
capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares
of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the
Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument
upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or
any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does
not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the
outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued
in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive
rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of
Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or
other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the
Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h) SEC Reports;
Financial Statements. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(h), the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and
other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a)
or 15(d) thereof, for the one year preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation
to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together
with the Prospectus, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received
a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their
respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act,
as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements
of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations
of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP),
except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements
may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and
its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended,
subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

8 

(i) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest financial statements included within the SEC
Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i) or in the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that
has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities
(contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed
in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting in any material respect, (iv) the Company
has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any
agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any executive
officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option or omnibus incentive plans. The Company does not have
pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated
by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred
or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses,
prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable
securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one Trading Day prior
to the date that this representation is made.

(j) Litigation.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, Proceeding or investigation pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective
properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county,
local or foreign) (collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), (i) adversely
affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) would, if
there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary, nor any director or executive officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of
or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty, which could result in a Material Adverse Effect.
There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving
the Company or any current or former director or executive officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other
order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the
Securities Act.

(k) Labor Relations.
No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees is a member
of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships
with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary is, or is now expected
to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement
or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third-party, and the continued
employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any
of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal, state, local and foreign
laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where
the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has
occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any
Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in
violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or
any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment,
decree, or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule,
ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws
relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor
matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

9 

(m) Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution
or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata),
including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or
hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to
the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as
all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits,
plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have received
all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and
(iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii),
the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except
where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification
of any Material Permit.

(o) Title
to Assets. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(o) or in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable
title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material
to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially
affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company
and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor
in accordance with GAAP and the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities currently
held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company
and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects.

(p) Intellectual
Property. To the Companys knowledge, the Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications,
trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual
property rights and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC
Reports and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights).
None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property
Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the
date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements
included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate
or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To
the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person
of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy,
confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q) Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited
to, directors and officers insurance coverage in amount deemed prudent by the Company. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any
reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar
coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

10 

(r)
Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(r), none of the officers or
directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any
Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees,
officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by,
providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or
otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in
which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder,
member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered,
(ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option
agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder
that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting
controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general
or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with
GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific
authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate
action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls
and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. Except
as set forth in Schedule 3.1(s), the Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the
Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under
the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on
their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial
reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(t) Certain Fees.
No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor
or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other
Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents.

(u) [Reserved]

(v) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be
or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company
shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(w) Registration
Rights. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Registration Statement, and the Prospectus, no Person has any right to cause the
Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary that
has not been satisfied or waived prior to the date hereof.

11 

(x) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company
has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common
Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing
or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(x), the Company is, and has no reason to
believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The
Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation
and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in
connection with such electronic transfer.

(y) Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state
of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their obligations
or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of
the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(z) Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and the representations
made in Section 3.1(i), the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers
or their agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The
Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries,
their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and
correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated
by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser
makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically
set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(aa) No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither
the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales
of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be
integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of any such
securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the
securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(bb) Indebtedness.
Schedule 3.1(bb) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary,
or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means
(x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable or accrued payroll liabilities
incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness
of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto),
except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of
business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance
with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

12 

(cc) Tax Status.
The Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all material United States federal, state and local income and all foreign
income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all material
taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports
and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods
subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed
to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such
claim.

(dd) [Reserved]

(ee) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts,
entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign
or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii)
failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the
Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(ff) Accountants.
The Companys accounting firm is set forth in the SEC Reports. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm
(i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial
statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025.

(gg) No Disagreements
with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated by the Company
to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company and the Company is current
with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers which could affect the Companys ability to perform any of its obligations
under any of the Transaction Documents.

(hh) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that, to its knowledge, each of the Purchasers
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that, to its knowledge, no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company
(or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given
by any Purchaser or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions
contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each
Purchaser that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on
the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ii) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except
for Sections 3.2(g) and 4.14 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked
by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company,
or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term, (ii)
past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative
transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of
the Companys publicly-traded securities, (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to which
any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock and (iv)
each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative
transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various
times during the period that the Securities are outstanding and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing
stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company
acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

13 

(jj) Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any
action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the
sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the
Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the
Company.

(kk) FDA.
As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) under the Federal Food, Drug
and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested and/or
distributed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a Pharmaceutical Product), such Pharmaceutical
Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested and/or distributed by the Company in compliance with all applicable requirements
under FDCA and similar laws, rules and regulations relating to registration, investigational use, licensure, or application approval,
good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices, good clinical practices, product listing, quotas, labeling, advertising, record
keeping and filing of reports, except where the failure to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending,
completed or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened in writing, action (including any lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or administrative
or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation) against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and none of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter or other communication from the FDA or any other governmental entity,
which (i) contests the licensure, registration, or approval of, the uses of, the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the
testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and promotion of any Pharmaceutical Product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall,
suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws or orders the withdrawal of advertising or sales promotional materials relating to, any Pharmaceutical
Product, (iii) imposes a clinical hold on any clinical investigation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production
at any facility of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) enters or proposes to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction
with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges any violation of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, and which, either individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect. The properties,
business and operations of the Company have been and are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable laws,
rules and regulations of the FDA. The Company has not been informed by the FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license
or use in the United States of any product proposed to be developed, produced or marketed by the Company nor has the FDA expressed any
concern as to approving or clearing for marketing any product being developed or proposed to be developed by the Company.

(ll) Reserved.

(mm) Stock Option
Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with the
terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock
on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys
stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice
to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public
announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(nn) Office of
Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(oo) U.S. Real
Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of
Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(pp) Bank Holding
Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA)
and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve). Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class
of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries exercises a controlling influence over the management
or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

14 

(qq) Money Laundering.
The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance in all material respects with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or
any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

3.2 Representations and
Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the date
hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate
as of such date):

(a) Organization;
Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company
or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise
to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a
party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(b) Understandings
or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement
or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws).

(c) [Reserved]

(d) Experience
of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e) [Reserved.]

(f) Access to
Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits
and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports, the Registration Statement, and the Prospectus and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to
ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and
conditions of the offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about
the Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it
to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire
without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment.

15 

(g) Certain Transactions
and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has any Person acting
on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including Short
Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first received a term sheet
(written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated
hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed
investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers
have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers
assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that
made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement
or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors,
employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this
transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing
contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares
in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

(h) Brokers. Except
as set forth in the Prospectus, no agent, broker, investment banker, person or firm acting in a similar capacity on behalf of or under
the authority of the Purchaser is or will be entitled to any brokers or finders fee or any other commission or similar fee,
directly or indirectly, for which the Company or any of its Affiliates after the Closing could have any liabilities in connection with
this Agreement, any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or on account of any action taken by the Purchaser in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations
contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations
and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document, or any other
document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty,
or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future. 

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Legends.

The Shares shall
be issued free of legends.

4.2 Furnishing of Information;
Public Information. Until the earlier of the date the Purchaser owns no Shares or one year after the Closing Date, the Company
covenants to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to timely file (or obtain
extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date
hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.3 Integration. The
Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section
2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of
any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval
is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

16 

4.4 Securities Laws Disclosure;
Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated
hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the Commission within
the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents to the Purchasers that
it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by
the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any
and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries
or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their
Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press
releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release
nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser,
or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably
be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other
party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose
the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading
Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with (i) any
registration statement contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to
the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with
prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b).

4.5 Shareholder Rights
Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser is
an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser
could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6 Non-Public Information.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, which shall be
disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, and except for representations made under Section 3.1(i), the Company covenants and agrees that neither
it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes,
or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented
to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms
that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that
the Company delivers any material, non-public information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants
and agrees that such Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective
officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers,
directors, agents, employees or Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser
shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such
notice file such material non-public information with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands
and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

4.7 Use of Proceeds.
The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for general corporate and working capital purposes and
shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (b) for the settlement of any outstanding
litigation or (c) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations. 

17 

4.8 Indemnification of
Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors, officers,
shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such
titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section
15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or
employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title
or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities,
obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and
reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating
to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other
Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates,
by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations,
warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such
stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which
is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought against
any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify
the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably
acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate
in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent
that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable
period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a
material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the
Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable
to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written
consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage
or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.8
shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received
or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser
Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.9 Reservation of Common
Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at all times,
free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue the Shares pursuant
to this Agreement.

4.10 Listing of Common
Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use commercially reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock
on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all
of the Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares on such Trading Market to the extent required
by the rules of such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading
Market, it will then include in such application all of the Shares and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the
Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary
to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting,
filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. For so long as the Company maintains a listing or quotation
of the Common Stock on a Trading Market, the Company agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the eligibility of the
Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without
limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with
such electronic transfer.

18 

4.11 [Reserved]

4.12 Subsequent Equity
Sales.

(a) From
the date hereof until one year following the Closing Date, the Company shall not issue any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents.

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 4.12 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance.

4.13 Equal Treatment
of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any Person to
amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is also offered
to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to
each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as
a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition
or voting of Securities or otherwise.

4.14 Certain Transactions
and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it, nor any Affiliate
acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of any of the
Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser,
severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain
the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Disclosure Schedules. Notwithstanding
the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees
that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities
of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial
press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any
securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall
have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company or its Subsidiaries after the issuance
of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed
investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers
have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers
assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made
the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. This
Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated
on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination
will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees and Expenses.
Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers,
counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation,
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any
fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser),
stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

19 

5.3 Entire Agreement.
The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect
to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such
matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices. Any and
all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed
given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the
facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m.
(New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on
a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading
Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party
to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages
attached hereto. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains material, non-public
information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such
material non-public information with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

5.5 Amendments; Waivers.
No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of
an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares based on the initial Subscription
Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing Date, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom
enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely
impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall
also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to
be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement
hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.
Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser
relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected
Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and
the Company.

5.6 Headings. The headings
herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions
hereof.

5.7 Successors and Assigns.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may
not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other than by merger).
Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities,
provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction
Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8 No Third-Party Beneficiaries.
This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for
the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section
5.8.

5.9 Governing Law.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by
and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such
court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action
or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section
4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

20 

5.10 Survival. The
representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities for the applicable statute
of limitations.

5.11 Execution. This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file, by other electronic signing created on an electronic platform (such as DocuSign) or by digital
signing (such as Adobe Sign), such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such
signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf or other electronic or digital signature
page were an original thereof.

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission and Withdrawal
Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of the other Transaction
Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company does not
timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion
from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to
its future actions and rights.

5.14 Replacement of Securities.
If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to
be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor,
a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction.
The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including
customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15 Remedies. In addition
to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers and
the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not
be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby
agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would
be adequate.

5.16 Payment Set Aside.
To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser enforces
or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are
subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded,
repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any
bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation
or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not
been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17 Independent Nature
of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and not
joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been advised to seek legal counsel and has had the opportunity to be represented by its own separate legal counsel
in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. Company Securities Counsel does not represent any of the Purchasers and only
represents the Company. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience
of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that
each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and
not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

21 

5.18 Liquidated Damages. The
Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents is a continuing
obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid notwithstanding
the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due and payable shall
have been canceled.

5.19 Saturdays, Sundays,
Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.20 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.21 WAIVER OF JURY
TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY
AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES
FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

22 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first
indicated above.

Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. Address for Notice:

By: Email:

Name: Fax:

Title: 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

23 

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO Precision
Optics Corporation, Inc. SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Name of Purchaser: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 

Address for Notice to Purchaser: 

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser
(if not same as address for notice):

DWAC for Shares: ____________________

Subscription Amount: $_________________

Shares: _________________

EIN Number: _________________

24
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>poci_ex1002.htm
<DESCRIPTION>WAIVER LETTER FROM MAIN STREET BANK DATED FEBRUARY 14, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

February 14, 2025

Attn: Joseph N. Forkey

Precision Optics Corporation, Inc.

22 East Broadway

Gardner MA, 01440

RE: FY 6/30/2025 Covenant Waiver - 6180851, 6180861 & 630006379

Dear Mr. Forkey,

Precision Optics
Corporation, Inc has relayed its projecting it will not meet its minimum annual debt service coverage covenant of 1.20x for the
future reporting period ending June 30, 2025, as defined in the loan and security agreement, dated October 4, 2021, and amended June
2, 2023, and other documents related to Borrower loans.

Main Street Bank herein agrees that the Borrowers Covenant Default for the future reporting period ending
June 30, 2025, is hereby waived, subject to a $30,000 Waiver Fee. Subject to the completion of the equity raise by February 24,
2025, in the amount of no less than $4,500,000. The waiver is also subject to Line of Credit #6180861 being paid down to $0.00 with proceeds
from said equity raise, and any future advances contemplated under the Line being contingent on the borrower achieving a minimum Debt
Service Coverage Ratio of 1.20x (based on quarterly testing).

Please note that
this waiver does not constitute a waiver of any other provision or term of the loan agreement or any related documents, nor is it an
agreement to waive in the future this covenant or any other provision or term of Loan Agreement or any related document. All the
terms and provisions of the Loan Agreement, and all other documents and agreements between Borrower and Bank shall continue in full
force and effect.

Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me
at ***.

Sincerely,

/s/ *** 

***

Senior Vice President

Commercial Lending Team Leader

Direct Line: ***

BankMainStreet.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>poci_ex9901.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

PRECISION OPTICS CORPORATION

22 EAST BROADWAY

GARDNER, MASSACHUSETTS 01440-3338

Telephone 978 / 630-1800

Telefax 978 / 630-1487

NEWS RELEASE POC25-0005

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Thursday,
February 20, 2025

Precision Optics
Announces $5.1 Million Pricing of Common Stock to Fund Business Expansion

GARDNER, MA, February 20, 2025. Precision Optics
Corporation, Inc. (NASDAQ: POCI), a leading designer and manufacturer of advanced optical instruments for the medical and defense/aerospace
industries, today announced that it has entered into securities purchase agreements with institutional and accredited investors in addition
to certain directors of the Company for the purchase and sale of 1,272,500 shares of the Company's common stock, par value $0.01 per share,
pursuant to a registered direct offering at a purchase price of $4.00 per share, resulting in gross proceeds of approximately $5.1 million,
and expected net proceeds of approximately $5.0 million after deducting offering expenses. The Company intends to use the net proceeds
from the offering to repay certain indebtedness, expand its facilities to support expected growth and related general working capital
purposes.

The closing of the offering, which was led by
existing shareholders, is expected to occur on or about February 21, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

This offering is being made pursuant to an effective
shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280047) previously filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
SEC) and declared effective on June 14, 2024. A prospectus supplement describing the terms of the offering will be filed
with the SEC and will be available on the SECs website located at http://www.sec.gov.

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction
in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any
such state or other jurisdiction.

About Precision Optics Corporation

Founded in 1982, Precision Optics is a vertically
integrated optics company primarily focused on leveraging its proprietary micro-optics, 3D imaging and digital imaging technologies to
the healthcare and defense/aerospace industries by providing services ranging from new product concept through mass manufacture. Utilizing
its leading-edge in-house design, prototype, regulatory and fabrication capabilities as well as its Ross Optical division's high volume
world-wide sourcing, inspecting and production resources, the Company is able to design and manufacture next-generation product solutions
to the most challenging customer requirements. Within healthcare, Precision Optics enables next generation medical device companies around
the world to meet the increasing demands of the surgical community who require more enhanced and smaller imaging systems for minimally
invasive surgery as well as 3D endoscopy systems to support the rapid proliferation of surgical robotic systems. In addition to these
next generation applications, Precision Optics has supplied top tier medical device companies a wide variety of optical products for decades,
including complex endocouplers and specialized endoscopes. The Company is also leveraging its technical proficiency in micro-optics to
enable leading edge defense/aerospace applications which require the highest quality standards and the optimization of size, weight and
power. For more information, please visit www.poci.com.

1 

About Forward-Looking Statements

This press release
contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities laws. Such forward-looking statements include, but are
not limited to, statements regarding the closing of this offering. Any statements contained herein
that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to projections,
forecasts, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements.
The words "anticipate," "believe," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect,"
"intends," "may," "might," "plan," "possible," "potential," "predict,"
"project," "should," "would" and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence
of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are
based on certain assumptions and analyses made by the management of the Company in light of their respective experience and perception
of historical trends, current conditions, and expected future developments and their potential effects on the Company as well as other
factors they believe are appropriate in the circumstances. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting the Company will
be those anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond the control
of the parties), or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or
implied by these forward-looking statements, including risks that the closing conditions for this offering will
not be achieved, the demand for the Company's products, global supply chains and economic activity in general and other risks and uncertainties
identified in the Company's filings with the SEC. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize or should any of the
assumptions being made prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements.
We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events,
or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.

Company Contact: 

PRECISION OPTICS CORPORATION

22 East Broadway

Gardner, Massachusetts 01440-3338

Telephone: 978-630-1800

Investor Contact:

LYTHAM PARTNERS, LLC

Robert Blum

Telephone: 602-889-9700

poci@lythampartners.com

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>image_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>poci-20250214.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>poci-20250214_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>poci-20250214_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>image_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>image_003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 14, 2025

Entity File Number 001-10647

Entity Registrant Name PRECISION
OPTICS CORPORATION, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000867840

Entity Tax Identification Number 04-2795294

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MA

Entity Address, Address Line One 22
East Broadway

Entity Address, City or Town Gardner

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 01440

City Area Code (978)

Local Phone Number 630-1800

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol POCI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://poci.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

poci-20250214.xsd 
poci-20250214_lab.xml 
poci-20250214_pre.xml 
poci_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001683168-25-001132-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>poci_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000867840 

2025-02-14 
2025-02-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000867840 
8-K 
2025-02-14 
PRECISION OPTICS CORPORATION, INC. 
MA 
001-10647 
04-2795294 
22 East Broadway 
Gardner 
MA 
01440 
(978) 
630-1800 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.01 per share 
POCI 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>