<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-002258.txt : 20250402
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-002258.hdr.sgml : 20250402
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250401215446
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-002258
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250328
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250402
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250401

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Perfect Moment Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001849221
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	APPAREL & OTHER FINISHED PRODS OF FABRICS & SIMILAR MATERIAL [2300]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				861437114
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41930
		FILM NUMBER:		25801824

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		244 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1219
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		315-615-6156

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		244 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1219
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--03-31000184922100018492212025-03-282025-03-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 28,
2025

PERFECT
MOMENT LTD.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41930 86-1437114

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

244
5thAve
Ste 1219

New
York, NY10001

(Address
of principal executive offices, with zip code)

315-615-6156

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2.):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share PMNT NYSE
American LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR230.405)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
March 28, 2025, Perfect Moment Ltd. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase
Agreement) with purchasers identified on the schedule of buyers attached thereto (the Investors),
which Purchase Agreement provides for the sale by the Company to the Investors of an aggregate of one million seven hundred twenty three
thousand nine hundred and eighty nine (1,723,989) shares (each, a Share and collectively, the Shares)
of its 12.00% Series AA Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Series AA Preferred Stock),
at a price of $5.8005 per share, for potential gross proceeds of up to $10.0 million (the Offering) in
one or more closings. Each share of Series AA Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of Common Stock of the Company at a conversion
price of $1.1601.

The
initial closing of the Offering closed on March 31, 2025 (the Initial Closing Date). After payment of
placement agent cash fees and expenses of the Offering, the Company received net proceeds of approximately $5.89 million related to
the initial closing. The Purchase Agreement allows for the sale by the Company of the remaining shares of Series AA Preferred Stock
at one or more subsequent closings (the Subsequent Closings), with the first Subsequent Closing to occur
on or prior to May 1, 2025. Any Subsequent Closing thereafter may occur at any time after the Initial Closing Date.

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to indemnify the Investors for liabilities arising out of or relating to (i) any misrepresentation
or breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in the Purchase Agreement or related
documents, (ii) any breach of any covenant, agreement or Obligation of the Company contained in the Purchase Agreement or (iii) any action
instituted brought or made against buyer and each buyers affiliates and subsidiaries, and their respective directors, officers,
employees, agents and representatives, and the successors and assigns, or any one of them, by any Person and arising out of or resulting
from the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and the Certificate of
Designation, or any other instrument, document or agreement executed pursuant hereto or thereto, any transaction financed or to be financed
in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the stock, or the status of the investors of any of
the stock, as a buyer and holder of such Stock. The Purchase Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties and covenants
of the Company and was subject to customary closing conditions. The directors and officers of the Company, pursuant to lock-up agreements,
agreed not to sell or transfer any of the Company securities which they hold, subject to certain exceptions, during the period commencing
on March 28, 2025 and ending sixty (60) days after the effective date of the resale registration statement relating to the Offering.

In
addition, on the Closing Date the Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement)
with the Investors, dated March 28, 2025, pursuant to which the Company agreed to register for resale by the Investors the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series AA Preferred Stock purchased by the Investors pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.
The Company has committed to file the registration statement no later than thirty (30) days from the final Closing Date and to cause
the registration statement to become effective no later than ninety days thereafter.

Pursuant
to the placement agency agreement, dated March 28, 2025 (the Placement Agency Agreement), by and between
the Company and ThinkEquity LLC (ThinkEquity), ThinkEquity acted as placement agent (the Placement
Agent) in the Offering. The Placement Agent received an aggregate cash fee of 6% of the aggregate purchase price paid
by the investors that were introduced to the Company by the Placement Agent (the Think Investors). The Placement
Agent will receive warrants (the Placement Agent Warrants) to purchase such number of shares of Common Stock
equal to 5% of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion in full of the Shares purchased by the Think Investors.

The
Shares were offered and sold exclusively to accredited investors in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act), as a transaction not involving a public offering, pursuant to Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The Investors represented their intentions to acquire
the securities for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof, and appropriate legends
were placed upon the stock certificates representing the Shares issued in the transaction. The offer and sale of the Shares were made
without any general solicitation or advertising.

The
foregoing summaries of the Purchase Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Placement Agency Agreement, and the Placement Agent
Warrants are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the agreements, which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1,
10.2, 10.3, and 4.1, respectively, and are incorporated herein.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The disclosures in
Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K are incorporated herein by reference in this Item 3.02.

Item
3.03 Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders.

On
March 28, 2025, the Company filed a Certificate of Designations, Preferences, Limitations, Restrictions and Relative Rights of its Series
AA Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designations) with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
designating up to 1,800,000 shares of the Companys authorized preferred stock as Series AA Preferred Stock. The Certificate of
Designations further establishes the voting rights, powers, preferences and privileges, and the relative, participating, optional or
other rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of the Series AA Preferred Stock. After the initial closing
of the Offering, the Company has available for issuance an additional 745,780 shares of Series AA Preferred Stock.

Under
the terms of the Certificate of Designations, dividends on the Series AA Preferred Stock accrue daily and will be cumulative from the
first day of the calendar month in which they are issued, and shall be payable monthly in arrears on the 30th day of each calendar month,
when, as and if declared by our board of directors, at the rate of 12.0% per annum of its original issue price, which is the equivalent
to $0.6961 per annum per share. Upon (i) a liquidation or winding up of the Company, or (ii) a reorganization,
merger or consolidation in which the holders of the voting securities of the Company do not retain at least a majority of the total outstanding
voting securities, or (iii) a sale, lease, transfer, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all the assets of
the Corporation and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, the holders of Series AA Preferred Stock are entitled to receive a preferential
payment per share equal to the greater of (a) $5.8005 plus declared but unpaid dividends, or (b) the amount per share that would have
been payable had all shares of Series AA Preferred Stock been converted into Common Stock immediately prior to such event.

Each
share of Series AA Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of our common stock at a conversion price of $1.1601 per common share,
at any time at the option of the holder, subject to certain customary adjustments as described later in the Certificate of Designations
(the Conversion Price). We may elect to automatically convert some or all of the Series AA Preferred Stock
into shares of our common stock at any time on or after six (6) months after the original issue date if the closing price of the common
stock equals of exceeds 200% of the original issue price and the average trading volume of the common stock exceeds 200,000 shares for
at least 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days ending within five trading days prior to the notice of automatic conversion (the Market
Trigger).

Holders
of the Series AA Convertible Preferred Stock generally have no voting rights.

The
Series AA Convertible Preferred Stock has no stated maturity, is not subject to any sinking fund, and will remain outstanding indefinitely
unless a holder chooses to convert the Series AA Preferred Stock into shares of our common stock, or we elect to automatically convert
it into shares of our common stock upon a Market Trigger.

The
terms of the Series AA Preferred Stock are more fully described in the Certificate of Designations, which is attached as Exhibit 3.1
hereto and is incorporated herein.

Item
5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

The
disclosures in Item 3.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K are incorporated herein by reference in this Item 5.03.

On
March 28, 2025, the Company filed the Certificate of Designations with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to establish the
voting rights, powers, preferences and privileges, and the relative, participating, optional or other rights, and the qualifications,
limitations or restrictions thereof, of the Series AA Preferred Stock. The terms of the Series AA Preferred Stock are more fully described
in the Certificate of Designations, which is attached as Exhibit 3.1 hereto and is incorporated herein.

Item
7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
March 31, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the Offering. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1
hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

The
information included in this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is not deemed to be filed for
purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the
liabilities of that section, nor shall this item and Exhibit 99.1 be incorporated by reference into the Companys filings under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such future filing.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

The
following exhibit is filed as part of this Current Report on Form 8-K:

Exhibit
Number Description

3.1 Certificate of Designations of 12.00% Series AA Convertible Preferred Stock.

4.1 Form of Placement Agent Warrant

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 28, 2025, between the Registrant and the investors party thereto.

10.2 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 28, 2025, between the Registrant and the investors party thereto.

10.3 Placement Agency Agreement, dated March 28, 2025, between the Registrant and the Placement Agent

99.1 Press Release Issued by Perfect Moment Ltd. dated March 31, 2025.

104 Cover
page interactive data file (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
April 1, 2025 PERFECT
MOMENT LTD.

By: /s/
Jane Gottschalk

Jane
Gottschalk

President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex3-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS, PREFERENCES, LIMITATIONS,
RESTRICTIONS AND RELATIVE RIGHTS OF SERIES AA PREFERRED STOCK OF

PERFECT MOMENT LTD.

PURSUANT TO SECTION 151 OF THE

DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

PERFECT MOMENT LTD., a
Delaware corporation (the Corporation), in accordance with the provisions of Section 103 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law (the DGCL) does hereby certify that, in accordance with Sections 141(c) and 151 of the DGCL, the
following resolution was duly adopted the Board of Directors of the Corporation, which resolution remains in full force and effect on
the date hereof:

RESOLVED, pursuant to authority
expressly set forth in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (the Certificate of Incorporation),
the issuance of a series of preferred stock designated as the 12.00% Series AA Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share,
of the Corporation is hereby authorized and the designation, number of shares, powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations
and restrictions thereof (in addition to any provisions set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation that are applicable to the Preferred
Stock of all classes and series) are hereby fixed, and the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of 12.00%
Series AA Convertible Preferred Stock is hereby approved as follows:

1. DESIGNATION AND NUMBER OF
SHARES. There shall be a series of Preferred Stock that shall be designated as the 12.00% Series AA Convertible Preferred Stock,
par value $0.0001 per share (the Series AA Preferred Stock), and the authorized number of shares of the Series
AA Preferred Stock shall be 1,800,000. Such number of shares may be increased or decreased by resolution of the Board; provided,
however, that no such decrease shall reduce the number of authorized shares of the Series AA Preferred Stock to a number less than
the number of shares of the Series AA Preferred Stock then issued and outstanding plus the number of shares reserved for issuance upon
the exercise of outstanding options, rights or warrants, if any, to purchase shares of Series AA Preferred Stock, or upon the conversion
of any outstanding securities issued by the Corporation that are convertible into shares of Series AA Preferred Stock. The rights, preferences,
powers, restrictions and limitations of the Series AA Preferred Stock shall be as set forth herein.

2. DEFINITIONS. As used
herein, in addition to those terms otherwise defined herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

2.1 Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.

2.2 Board
shall mean the Board of Directors of the Corporation or, with respect to any action to be taken by the Board, any committee of the Board
duly authorized to take such action.

2.3 Business Day
shall mean any day except a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in the State of New York are authorized by law to
close.

2.4 Close of Business
means 5:00 p.m., New York City time.

2.5 Closing Sale Price
of the Common Stock on any date means the closing sale price per share (or if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the closing
bid and ask prices or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average closing bid and the average closing ask prices) on
such date as reported in composite transactions for the principal United States national or regional securities exchange on which the
Common Stock is traded or, if the Common Stock is not listed for trading on a United States national or regional securities exchange on
the relevant date, the last quoted bid price for the Common Stock in the over-the-counter market on the relevant date, as reported by
OTC Markets Group Inc. or a similar organization. In the absence of such a quotation, the Closing Sale Price shall be the
price determined by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm retained by the Corporation for such purpose as most accurately
reflecting the per share price that a fully informed buyer, acting on his own accord, would pay to a fully informed seller, acting on
his own accord in an arms-length transaction, for a share of Common Stock. The Closing Sale Price shall be determined without reference
to after-hours or extended market trading.

2.6 Common Stock
shall mean the common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Corporation.

2.7 Conversion Price
shall initially be equal to $1.1601, subject to adjustment from time to time as set forth in Section 6.

2.8 Conversion Rate
shall mean the Original Issue Price divided by the Conversion Price then in effect.

2.9 Deemed Liquidation
Event shall mean, unless the Requisite Holders elect otherwise by written consent to the Corporation delivered at least 7 days
prior to the effective date of such event: (a) any reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Corporation, other than a transaction
or series of related transactions in which the holders of the voting securities of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior to such
transaction or series of related transactions retain, immediately after such transaction or series of related transactions, at least a
majority of the total outstanding voting securities of the Corporation or such other surviving or resulting entity, or (b) a Sale of Assets.

2.10 Dividend Payment
Date shall mean the thirtieth (30th) day of each calendar month, commencing on April 30, 2025.

2.11 Dividend Period
means the period commencing on, and including, a Dividend Payment Date and ending on, and including, the day immediately preceding the
next succeeding Dividend Payment Date, with the exception that the first Dividend Period shall commence on, and include, the Original
Issue Date and end on and include April 29, 2025.

2.12 Ex Date
shall mean the first date on which the Common Stock trades on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without
the right to receive the issuance, dividend or distribution in question from the Corporation or, if applicable, from the seller of Common
Stock on such exchange or market (in the form of due bills or otherwise) as determined by such exchange or market.

-2-

2.13 Holder
shall mean a holder of record of an outstanding share or shares of the Series AA Preferred Stock.

2.14 Junior Stock
shall mean the Common Stock and each other class of capital stock or series of preferred stock of the Corporation the terms of which do
not expressly provide that such class or series ranks senior to or on parity with the Series AA Preferred Stock upon the liquidation,
winding-up or dissolution of the Corporation.

2.15 Open of Business
means 9:00 a.m., New York City time.

2.16 Original Issue
Date shall mean the date on which the first share of Series AA Preferred Stock was issued.

2.17 Original Issue
Price shall mean $5.8005 per share, subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination
or other similar recapitalization with respect to the Series AA Preferred Stock.

2.18 Parity Stock
shall mean each class of capital stock or series of preferred stock the terms of which expressly provide that such class or series will
rank on parity with the Series AA Preferred Stock upon the liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the Corporation. As of the date of
filing of this Certificate, there are no shares of Parity Stock issued and outstanding.

2.19 Person
shall mean any individual, corporation, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability partnership, joint venture, association,
joint-stock corporation, trust, limited liability corporation, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision
thereof.

2.20 Preferred Stock
shall mean the preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Corporation.

2.21 Requisite Holders
shall mean the Holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Series AA Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class on
an as-converted basis.

2.22 Sale of Assets
shall mean the sale, lease, transfer, exclusive license or other disposition, in a single transaction or series of related transactions,
by the Corporation or any subsidiary of the Corporation of all or substantially all the assets of the Corporation and its subsidiaries
taken as a whole or the sale or disposition (whether by merger or otherwise) of one or more subsidiaries of the Corporation if substantially
all of the assets of the Corporation and its subsidiaries taken as a whole are held by such subsidiary or subsidiaries, except where such
sale, lease, transfer, exclusive license or other disposition is to a wholly owned subsidiary of the Corporation.

2.23 Senior Stock
shall mean each class of capital stock or series of Preferred Stock the terms of which expressly provide that such class or series will
rank senior to the Series AA Preferred Stock upon the liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the Corporation. As of the date of filing
of this Certificate, there are no shares of Senior Stock issued and outstanding.

-3-

2.24 Trading Day
shall mean a day during which trading in the Common Stock generally occurs on the NYSE American or, if the Common Stock is not listed
on the NYSE American, on the principal other national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if
the Common Stock is not listed on a national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock
is then listed or admitted for trading. If the Common Stock is not so listed or traded, Trading Day means a Business Day.

3. DIVIDENDS.

3.1 Dividend Rate. Holders
are entitled to receive, out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, cumulative cash dividends on each share of Series
AA Preferred Stock at an annual rate of 12.00% on the Original Issue Price, which is equivalent to $0.6961 per annum per share as of the
Original Issue Date (the Dividend Rate).

3.2 Dividend Payment Date;
Dividend Record Date. With respect to each Dividend Period, dividends on the Series AA Preferred Stock shall accrue daily and be cumulative
from, and including, the most recent date as to which dividends shall have been paid or, if no dividends have been paid, from the Original
Issue Date, whether or not in any Dividend Period(s) there have been funds legally available for the payment of such dividends. Such dividends
shall be payable monthly in arrears on the Dividend Payment Date; provided, that if any Dividend Payment Date is not a Business Day, then
the dividend which would otherwise have been payable on that Dividend Payment Date may be paid on the next succeeding Business Day, and
no interest, additional dividends or other sums will accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after that Dividend Payment
Date to that next succeeding Business Day. Any dividend payable on the Series AA Preferred Stock, including dividends payable for any
partial Dividend Period, will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. Dividends will be payable
to Holders of record as they appear in the Corporations stock records for the Series AA Preferred Stock at the Close of Business
on the applicable record date, which shall be the first day of each calendar month, whether or not a Business Day, in which the applicable
Dividend Payment Date falls.

3.3 Limiting Documents.
No dividends on shares of Series AA Preferred Stock shall be authorized by the Board or paid or set apart for payment by the Corporation
at any time when the payment thereof would be unlawful under applicable law or when the terms and provisions of any agreement of the Corporation,
including any agreement relating to the Corporations indebtedness (the Limiting Documents), prohibit the authorization,
payment or setting apart for payment thereof or provide that the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment thereof would constitute
a breach of the Limiting Documents or a default under the Limiting Documents, or if the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment
shall be restricted or prohibited by applicable law.

3.4 Dividends on Junior Stock
or Parity Stock. The Corporation shall not declare, pay or set aside any dividends on shares of Junior Stock or Parity Stock unless
(in addition to the obtaining of any consents required elsewhere in this Certificate of Designation) the Holders shall first receive,
or simultaneously receive, a dividend on each outstanding share of Series AA Preferred Stock in an amount at least equal to that dividend
per share of Series AA Preferred Stock as would equal the product of (a) the dividend payable on each share of Series AA Preferred Stock
determined as if all shares of Series AA Preferred Stock had been converted into Common Stock and (b) the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of a share of Series AA Preferred Stock, in each case calculated on the record date for determination of holders
entitled to receive such dividend; provided, however, that if the Corporation declares, pays, or sets aside any dividends on shares of
Common Stock, then each Holder shall only be entitled to an adjustment in the Conversion Price then in effect in accordance with Section
6.3.6, and no Holder shall also be entitled to receive any dividends pursuant to this Section 3.4 as a result of such declaration,
payment or set aside of dividends on shares of Common Stock.

-4-

3.5 Pro Rata Dividends.
When dividends are not paid in full (or a sum sufficient for such full payment is not so set apart) upon the Series AA Preferred Stock
and the shares of any other series of Parity Stock that the Corporation may issue, dividends shall be declared pro rata so that the amount
of dividends declared per share of Series AA Preferred Stock and such series of Parity Stock shall in all cases bear to each other the
same ratio that accrued dividends per share on the Series AA Preferred Stock and such series of Parity Stock (which shall not include
any accrual in respect of unpaid dividends for prior Dividend Periods if such Parity Stock does not have a cumulative dividend) bear to
each other. No interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series
AA Preferred Stock which may be in arrears.

3.6 Payment of Accrued and
Unpaid Dividends. Holders shall not be entitled to any dividend in excess of all accumulated accrued and unpaid dividends on Series
AA Preferred Stock as described in this Section 3. Any dividend payment made on the Series AA Preferred Stock shall first be credited
against the earliest accumulated accrued and unpaid dividend due with respect to such shares which remains payable at the time of such
payment.

4. LIQUIDATION RIGHTS.

4.1 Preferential Payments to
Holders of Series AA Preferred Stock. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation
or Deemed Liquidation Event, following any payment of preferential amounts required to be paid to the holders of any Senior Stock, the
Holders shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders before any payment
shall be made to the holders of Junior Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the greater of (a) the
Original Issue Price, plus any dividends declared but unpaid thereon; or (b) such amount per share as would have been payable had all
shares of Series AA Preferred Stock been converted into Common Stock pursuant hereto immediately prior to such liquidation, dissolution,
winding up or Deemed Liquidation Event (the amount payable pursuant to this sentence is hereinafter referred to as the Liquidation
Preference). If upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or Deemed Liquidation Event, the assets
of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders shall be insufficient to pay the Holders and the holders all other classes
of Parity Stock the full amount to which they shall be entitled, the Holders of shares of Series AA Preferred Stock and holders of all
other Parity Stock shall share ratably in any distribution of the assets available for distribution in proportion to the respective amounts
which would otherwise be payable in respect of the shares held by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or with respect
to such shares were paid in full.

4.2 Payments to Holders of
Junior Stock. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or Deemed Liquidation
Event, after the payment of all preferential amounts required to be paid to the holders of Senior Stock (if any), Series AA Preferred
Stock and Parity Stock, the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders shall be distributed among
the holders of shares of Junior Stock and in such order of priority as may be required if some holders of Junior Stock have priority over
others.

4.3 Effecting a Deemed Liquidation
Event. The Corporation shall not have the power to effect a Deemed Liquidation Event unless the agreement or plan of merger or consolidation
for such transaction (the DLE Agreement) provides that the consideration payable to the stockholders of the Corporation
shall be allocated among the stockholders in accordance with Sections 4.1 and 4.2.

-5-

4.4 Amount Deemed Paid or Distributed.
The amount deemed paid or distributed to the holders of capital stock of the Corporation upon any Deemed Liquidation Event shall be the
cash or the fair market value of the property, rights or securities paid or distributed to such holders by the Corporation or the acquiring
Person. The fair market value of such property, rights or securities shall be determined in good faith by the Board.

4.5 Allocation of Escrow.
In the event of a Deemed Liquidation Event other than a Sale of Assets, if any portion of the consideration payable to the stockholders
of the Corporation is placed into escrow and/or is payable to the stockholders of the Corporation subject to contingencies, the DLE Agreement
shall provide that: (a) the portion of such consideration that is not placed in escrow and not subject to any contingencies (the Initial
Consideration) shall be allocated among the holders of capital stock of the Corporation in accordance with Sections 4.1
and 4.2 as if the Initial Consideration were the only consideration payable in connection with such Deemed Liquidation Event; and
(b) any additional consideration which becomes payable to the stockholders of the Corporation upon release from escrow or satisfaction
of contingencies shall be allocated among the holders of capital stock of the Corporation in accordance with Sections 4.1 and 4.2
after taking into account the previous payment of the Initial Consideration as part of the same transaction.

5. VOTING RIGHTS.

5.1 General. Holders shall
not have any voting rights with respect to any share of Series AA Preferred Stock held by such Holder except as specifically set forth
in this Section 5 or as required by applicable law, the Articles of Incorporation, or bylaws of the Corporation. With respect to
any matter on which any Holder shall be entitled to vote pursuant to this Section 5, such Holder shall be entitled to cast one
(1) vote in respect of each share of Series AA Preferred Stock held by such Holder.

5.2 Series AA Preferred Stock
Protective Provisions. At any time when shares of Series AA Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation shall not, either directly
or indirectly by amendment, merger, consolidation, recapitalization, reclassification, or otherwise, do any of the following without (in
addition to any other vote required by law or this Certificate of Designation) the written consent or affirmative vote of the Requisite
Holders given in writing or by vote at a meeting, consenting or voting (as the case may be) separately as a class, and any such act or
transaction entered into without such consent or vote shall be null and void ab initio, and of no force or effect.

5.2.1 amend, alter, or repeal any
provision of the Articles of Incorporation (including this Certificate of Designation), whether by merger, consolidation, combination,
reclassification or otherwise, in a manner adverse to the dividend rights, preferences or special rights of the Series AA Preferred Stock
set forth in this Certificate of Designation; provided that an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation to create a new class or series
of Junior Stock shall not be deemed an adverse change; or

5.2.2 increase the authorized number
of shares of Series AA Preferred Stock, or authorize or issue shares of any class or series of Senior Stock or Parity Stock (or any security
convertible into such stock).

-6-

6. OPTIONAL CONVERSION.
The Holders shall have conversion rights as follows (the Conversion Rights):

6.1 Right to Convert. Each
share of Series AA Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the Holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, and without
the payment of additional consideration by the Holder thereof, into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock
as is determined by dividing the Original Issue Price by the Conversion Price in effect at the Conversion Time. Such initial Conversion
Price, and the Conversion Rate, shall be subject to adjustment as provided below in this Section 6.

6.2 Fractional Shares.
No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued upon conversion of the Series AA Preferred Stock. In lieu of any fractional shares
to which the Holder would otherwise be entitled, the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon conversion of the Series AA Preferred
Stock shall be rounded to the nearest whole share.

6.3 Mechanics of Conversion.

6.3.1 Notice of Conversion.
In order for a Holder to voluntarily convert shares of Series AA Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock, such Holder shall (a) provide
written notice to the Corporations transfer agent at the office of the transfer agent for the Series AA Preferred Stock (or at
the principal office of the Corporation if the Corporation serves as its own transfer agent) that such Holder elects to convert all or
any number of such Holders shares of Series AA Preferred Stock and, if applicable, any event on which such conversion is contingent
and (b), if such Holders shares are certificated, surrender the certificate or certificates for such shares of Series AA Preferred
Stock (or, if such Holder alleges that such certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost certificate affidavit and agreement
reasonably acceptable to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation against any claim that may be made against the Corporation on account
of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of such certificate), at the office of the transfer agent for the Series AA Preferred Stock
(or at the principal office of the Corporation if the Corporation serves as its own transfer agent). Such notice shall state such Holders
name or the names of the nominees in which such Holder wishes the shares of Common Stock to be issued. If required by the Corporation,
any certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form
satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by the registered holder or his, her or its attorney duly authorized in writing. The close
of business on the date of receipt by the transfer agent (or by the Corporation if the Corporation serves as its own transfer agent) of
such notice and, if applicable, certificates (or lost certificate affidavit and agreement) shall be the time of conversion (such time,
the Conversion Time, and such date, the Conversion Date), and the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of the specified shares shall be deemed to be outstanding of record as of such date. The Corporation shall, as soon as
practicable after the Conversion Time (i) issue and deliver to such Holder, or to his, her or its nominees, a certificate or certificates
for the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion in accordance with the provisions hereof (or, if the Common
Stock is uncertificated at such time, deliver notice of issuance of uncertificated shares) and, if the Series AA Preferred Stock is certificated,
a certificate for the number (if any) of the shares of Series AA Preferred Stock represented by the surrendered certificate that were
not converted into Common Stock, and (ii) pay all declared but unpaid dividends on the shares of Series AA Preferred Stock converted.

6.3.2 Reservation of Shares.
The Corporation shall at all times when the Series AA Preferred Stock shall be outstanding, reserve and keep available out of its authorized
but unissued capital stock, for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Series AA Preferred Stock, such number of its duly authorized
shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding Series AA Preferred Stock;
and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all
then outstanding shares of the Series AA Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall take such corporate action as may be necessary to increase
its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes. Before taking any
action which would cause an adjustment reducing the Conversion Price below the then par value of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of the Series AA Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take any corporate action which may, in the opinion of its counsel,
be necessary in order that the Corporation may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock at such
adjusted Conversion Price.

-7-

6.3.3 Effect of Conversion.
All shares of Series AA Preferred Stock which shall have been surrendered for conversion as herein provided shall no longer be deemed
to be outstanding and all rights with respect to such shares shall immediately cease and terminate at the Conversion Time, except only
the right of the holders thereof to receive shares of Common Stock in exchange therefor and to receive payment of any dividends declared
but unpaid thereon. Any shares of Series AA Preferred Stock so converted shall be retired and cancelled and returned to the status of
authorized Preferred Stock in accordance with Section 8, and the Corporation may thereafter take such appropriate action (without
the need for stockholder action) as may be necessary to reduce the number of shares designated as Series AA Preferred Stock accordingly.

6.3.4 No Further Adjustment.
Upon any such conversion, no adjustment to the Conversion Price shall be made for any declared but unpaid dividends on the Series AA Preferred
Stock surrendered for conversion or on the Common Stock delivered upon conversion.

6.3.5 Taxes. The Corporation
shall pay any and all issue and other similar taxes that may be payable in respect of any issuance or delivery of shares of Common Stock
upon conversion of shares of Series AA Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 6.3.5. The Corporation shall not, however, be required
to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of shares of Common Stock in a name
other than that in which the shares of Series AA Preferred Stock so converted were registered, and no such issuance or delivery shall
be made unless and until the Person requesting such issuance has paid to the Corporation the amount of any such tax or has established,
to the satisfaction of the Corporation, that such tax has been paid.

6.3.6 Anti-Dilution Adjustments.
The Conversion Price will be subject to adjustment, without duplication, under the following circumstances, except that the Corporation
shall not make any adjustment to the Conversion Price in respect of any dividend or distribution covered by this Section 6.3.6
to the extent a Holder participates in such dividend or distribution equally and ratably on an as-converted basis for the shares of Series
AA Preferred Stock held by such Holder:

(a) In case the Corporation at
any time: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions that is payable in shares of Common Stock on shares
of Common Stock, (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of
a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification
of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Corporation, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction
of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) outstanding immediately
before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event.
Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 6.3.6(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination
of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the
case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

(b) No Adjustment of Conversion
Price. No adjustment in the Conversion Price shall be made as the result of the issuance or deemed issuance of shares of Common Stock
if the Corporation receives written notice from the Requisite Holders agreeing that no such adjustment shall be made as the result of
the issuance or deemed issuance of such shares of Common Stock.

-8-

6.3.7 Beneficial Ownership Limitation.
The Corporation shall not effect any conversion of the Series AA Preferred Stock, and a Holder shall not have the right to convert any
portion of the Series AA Preferred Stock, to the extent that, after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable notice
of conversion, such Holder (together with such Holders Affiliates, and any Persons acting as a group together with such Holder
or any of such Holders Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below).
For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and its Affiliates shall
include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series AA Preferred Stock with respect to which such determination
is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted
shares of Series AA Preferred Stock beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the
unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Corporation subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous
to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation, the Series AA Preferred Stock) beneficially owned by such Holder or
any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 6.3.7, beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the
extent that the limitation contained in this Section 6.3.7 applies, the determination of whether the Series AA Preferred Stock
is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates) and of how many shares of Series AA
Preferred Stock are convertible shall be in the sole discretion of such Holder, and the submission of a notice of conversion shall be
deemed to be such Holders determination of whether the shares of Series AA Preferred Stock may be converted (in relation to other
securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates) and how many shares of the Series AA Preferred Stock are convertible, in
each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To ensure compliance with this restriction, the Holder will be deemed to represent
to the Corporation each time it delivers a notice of conversion that such notice of conversion has not violated the restrictions set forth
in this paragraph and the Corporation shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a
determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 6.3.7, in determining the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following:
(i) the Corporations most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public
announcement by the Corporation or (iii) a more recent written notice by the Corporation or the Corporations transfer agent setting
forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Corporation shall within two
(2) Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the
Corporation, including the Series AA Preferred Stock, by such Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of
the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Series
AA Preferred Stock held by the applicable Holder. A Holder, upon notice to the Corporation, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation provisions of this Section 6.3.7 applicable to its Series AA Preferred Stock, provided that the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Series AA Preferred Stock held by the Holder and the provisions of this
Section 6.3.7 shall continue to apply. Any such increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective
until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Corporation and shall only apply to such Holder and no other Holder.
The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of
this Section 6.3.7 to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) that may be defective or inconsistent with the intended
Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such
limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of Series AA Preferred Stock.

-9-

6.4 Adjustment for Merger or
Reorganization, etc. Subject to the provisions of Section 4, if there shall occur any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification,
consolidation or merger involving the Corporation in which the Common Stock (but not the Series AA Preferred Stock) is converted into
or exchanged for securities, cash or other property, or a Sale of Assets, then, following any such reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification,
consolidation, merger or Sale of Assets, each share of Series AA Preferred Stock shall thereafter be convertible in lieu of the Common
Stock into which it was convertible prior to such event into the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property which a holder
of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation issuable upon conversion of one (1) share of Series AA Preferred Stock immediately
prior to such reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation, merger or Sale of Assets would have been entitled to
receive pursuant to such transaction; and, in such case, appropriate adjustment (as determined in good faith by the Board) shall be made
in the application of the provisions in this Section 6 with respect to the rights and interests thereafter of the Holders, to the
end that the provisions set forth in this Section 6 (including provisions with respect to changes in and other adjustments of the
Conversion Price) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as reasonably may be, in relation to any securities or other property thereafter
deliverable upon the conversion of the Series AA Preferred Stock. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any
successor to the Corporation or surviving entity in such transaction shall file a new Certificate of Designation with the same terms and
conditions and issue to the Holders new preferred stock consistent with the foregoing provisions.

6.5 Certificate as to Adjustments.
Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 6, the Corporation at its
expense shall, as promptly as reasonably practicable but in any event not later than ten (10) days thereafter, compute such adjustment
or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and furnish to each Holder a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment
(including the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property into which the Series AA Preferred Stock is convertible) and showing
in detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Corporation shall, as promptly as reasonably practicable
after the written request at any time of any Holder (but in any event not later than ten (10) days thereafter), furnish or cause to be
furnished to such Holder a certificate setting forth (i) the Conversion Price then in effect, and (ii) the number of shares of Common
Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities, cash or property which then would be received upon the conversion of Series AA Preferred
Stock.

6.6 Notice of Record Date.
In the event:

6.6.1 the Corporation shall take a record of the holders
of its Common Stock (or other capital stock or securities at the time issuable upon conversion of the Series AA Preferred Stock) for the
purpose of entitling or enabling them to receive any dividend or other distribution, or to receive any right to subscribe for or purchase
any shares of capital stock of any class or any other securities, or to receive any other security;

6.6.2 of any capital reorganization of the Corporation,
any reclassification of the Common Stock of the Corporation, or any Deemed Liquidation Event; or

6.6.3 of the voluntary or involuntary
dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Corporation; then, and in each such case, the Corporation will send or cause to be sent
to the Holders a notice specifying, as the case may be, (i) the record date for such dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and
character of such dividend, distribution or right, or (ii) the effective date on which such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation,
merger, transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up is proposed to take place, and the time, if any is to be fixed, as of which the
holders of record of Common Stock (or such other capital stock or securities at the time issuable upon the conversion of the Series AA
Preferred Stock) shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock (or such other capital stock or securities) for securities
or other property deliverable upon such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, transfer, dissolution, liquidation or
winding-up, and the amount per share and character of such exchange applicable to the Series AA Preferred Stock and the Common Stock.
Such notice shall be sent at least ten (10) days prior to the record date or effective date for the event specified in such notice.

-10-

7. MANDATORY CONVERSION.

7.1 Trigger Events. Upon
the occurrence of the following, the Corporation shall, subject to applicable law, have the right (the Conversion Right),
at its sole option, to cause all or a portion of Series AA Preferred Stock to be automatically converted into shares of Common Stock (such
time of conversion, the Mandatory Conversion Time):

7.1.1 At any time on or after the
date which is six (6) months after the Original Issue Date, if the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock equals or exceeds
two hundred percent (200%) of the Original Issue Price and the average trading volume of the Common Stock exceeds 200,000 shares for at
least twenty (20) Trading Days (whether or not consecutive) in a period of thirty (30) consecutive Trading Days immediately preceding
the Business Day on which the Corporation issues a press release announcing the mandatory conversion of Series AA Preferred Stock; provided,
that the automatic conversion is effected at the then effective Conversion Rate; and

7.2 Procedural Requirements.
All holders of record of shares of Series AA Preferred Stock shall be sent written notice of the Mandatory Conversion Time and the place
designated for mandatory conversion of all such shares of Series AA Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 7. Such notice need
not be sent in advance of the occurrence of the Mandatory Conversion Time. Upon receipt of such notice, each Holder of shares of Series
AA Preferred Stock in certificated form shall surrender his, her or its certificate or certificates for all such shares (or, if such Holder
alleges that such certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost certificate affidavit and agreement reasonably acceptable to
the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation against any claim that may be made against the Corporation on account of the alleged loss,
theft or destruction of such certificate) to the Corporation at the place designated in such notice. If so required by the Corporation,
any certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form
satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by the registered Holder or by his, her or its attorney duly authorized in writing. All
rights with respect to the Series AA Preferred Stock converted pursuant to Section 7, including the rights, if any, to receive
notices and vote (other than as a holder of Common Stock), will terminate at the Mandatory Conversion Time (notwithstanding the failure
of the holder or holders thereof to surrender any certificates at or prior to such time), except only the rights of the holders thereof,
upon surrender of any certificate or certificates of such holders (or lost certificate affidavit and agreement) therefor, to receive the
items provided for in the next sentence of this Section 7.2. As soon as practicable after the Mandatory Conversion Time and, if
applicable, the surrender of any certificate or certificates (or lost certificate affidavit and agreement) for Series AA Preferred Stock,
the Corporation shall (a) issue and deliver to such holder, or to his, her or its nominees, a certificate or certificates for the number
of full shares of Common Stock issuable on such conversion in accordance with the provisions hereof (or, if the Common Stock is uncertificated
at such time, deliver notice of issuance of uncertificated shares) and (b) pay any declared but unpaid dividends on the shares of Series
AA Preferred Stock converted. Any shares of Series AA Preferred Stock so converted shall be retired and cancelled and returned to the
status of authorized Preferred Stock in accordance with Section 8, and the Corporation may thereafter take such appropriate action
(without the need for stockholder action) as may be necessary to reduce the number of shares designated as Series AA Preferred Stock accordingly.

8. Converted,
Redeemed or Otherwise Acquired Shares. Any shares of Series AA Preferred Stock that are converted, redeemed, or otherwise acquired
by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries shall be automatically returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares of Preferred
Stock, available for future designation and issuance pursuant to the terms of the Articles of Incorporation.

9. WAIVER. Except as otherwise
set forth herein, any of the rights, powers, preferences and other terms of the Series AA Preferred Stock set forth herein may be waived
on behalf of all Holders by the affirmative written consent or vote of the Requisite Holders.

10. NOTICES. Any notice
required or permitted by the provisions of this Certificate of Designation to be given to a Holder shall be mailed, postage prepaid, to
the post office address last shown on the records of the Corporation, or given by electronic communication in compliance with the provisions
of the DGCL, and shall be deemed sent upon such mailing or electronic transmission.

* * * *

-11-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has executed and subscribed this Series AA Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation and does affirm the foregoing as true
this 28th day of March, 2025.

PERFECT MOMENT LTD.

By: /s/ Jane Gottschalk 

Jane Gottschalk

President

-12-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

PERFECT
MOMENT LTD.

Warrant Shares: ______ Initial Exercise
Date: March 31, 2025

THIS
WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, ___________ or its assigns (the
Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set
forth, at any time on or after the date hereof, March 31, 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior
to the close of business on the five year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date (the Termination Date) but not
thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Perfect Moment Ltd., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to
______ shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share,
of the Company (the Common Stock), as subject to adjustment hereunder. The purchase price of one share of Common
Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Ex. A-1

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Placement
Agency Agreement means the placement agency agreement, dated March 28, 2025, by and between the Company and ThinkEquity LLC
as placement agent.

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading
Day means a day on which the New York Stock Exchange is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of a share of Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if Common Stock
is not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for Common Stock are then reported in the Pink Sheets
published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most
recent bid price per share of Common Stock so reported or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of the Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which
shall be paid by the Company.

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office
or agency of the Company as it may designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on
the books of the Company) of a duly executed facsimile copy (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise Form annexed hereto. Within
the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section
2(d)(i) below) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified
in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise
procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall
be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company
until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case,
the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within five (5) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of
Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant
Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount
equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant
Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise Form within one (1)
Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by
reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant
Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

Ex. A-2

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of the Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $1.45, subject to adjustment
hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. If at any time on or after the Initial Exercise Date, the Warrant Shares are restricted securities
as defined in Rule 144 and there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available
for, the resale of, the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then, in lieu of exercising this Warrant by delivering the aggregate Exercise Price
by wire transfer or cashiers check, at the election of the Holder, this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at
such time, by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive the number of Warrant Shares
equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the
Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and
delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)(64) of Regulation
NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the
date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a
Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading
hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise
if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder;
and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather
than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the
holding period of the Warrants being exercised may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrant Shares. The Company agrees not to
take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

Ex. A-3

d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
its transfer agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by Holder, or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations
pursuant to Rule 144 and, in either case, the Warrant Shares have been sold by the Holder prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as
defined below), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of
the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address
specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice
of Exercise, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (except in the case of cashless exercise) is received by the Company
by such date (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). If the Warrant Shares can be delivered via DWAC, the
transfer agent shall have received from the Company, at the expense of the Company, any legal opinions or other documentation required
by it to deliver such Warrant Shares without legend (subject to receipt by the Company of reasonable back up documentation from the Holder,
including with respect to affiliate status) and, if applicable and requested by the Company prior to the Warrant Share Delivery Date,
the transfer agent shall have received from the Holder a confirmation of sale of the Warrant Shares (provided the requirement of the
Holder to provide a confirmation as to the sale of Warrant Shares shall not be applicable to the issuance of unlegended Warrant Shares
upon a cashless exercise of this Warrant if the Warrant Shares are then eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144(b)(1)). The Warrant
Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and Holder or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have
become a holder of record of such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised, with payment to the Company
of the Exercise Price (or by cashless exercise, if permitted) and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to Section
2(d)(vi) prior to the issuance of such shares, having been paid. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant
Shares subject to a proper Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price
(except in the case of cashless exercise) is received by the Company by such date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the
date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after such
liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after the second Trading Day following such Warrant Share Delivery Date until
such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant
in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect
to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

Ex. A-4

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise; provided, however,
that the Holder shall be required to return any Warrant Shares or Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently
with the return to Holder of the aggregate Exercise Price paid to the Company for such Warrant Shares and the restoration of Holders
right to acquire such Warrant Shares pursuant to this Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such
restored right).

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to an exercise on
or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any such failure that is solely due to any action or inaction by the Holder with
respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or
otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the
Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company
shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions,
if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that
the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order
giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant
and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded)
or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise
and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover
a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation
of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder
shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the
Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect
to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms
hereof.

Ex. A-5

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all transfer agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

viii.
Signature. This Section 2 and the exercise form attached hereto set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Holder
in order to exercise this Warrant. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original exercise form shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any exercise form be required in order to exercise this Warrant.
No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Holder to exercise this Warrant. The Company
shall honor exercises of this Warrant and shall deliver Warrant Shares underlying this Warrant in accordance with the terms, conditions
and time periods set forth herein.

Ex. A-6

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially
owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with
respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon
(i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii)
exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation,
any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the
extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation
to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in
the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which
portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the
case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Companys
transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company
shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any
case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities
of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the
Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant.
The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e),
provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of
this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st
day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner
otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be
defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary
or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder
of this Warrant.

Ex. A-7

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. For the purposes of clarification, the Exercise Price
of this Warrant will not be adjusted in the event that the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, sells or grants any option
to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option
to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, at an effective price per share less than the Exercise
Price then in effect.

b)
[RESERVED]

c)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the
Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of
Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for
the Holder until such time, if ever, but in no event later than the Termination Date, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend (other
than cash dividends) or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to all holders of shares of Common Stock,
by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of shares or other securities, property or
options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction)
(a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled
to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number
of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including
without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution,
or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation
in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution
would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such
Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent)
and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, but in no event
later than the Termination Date, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).
To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised at the time of such Distribution, such portion of the
Distribution shall be held in abeyance, for the benefit of the Holder until such time the Holder has exercised this Warrant, but in no
event later than the Termination Date.

Ex. A-8

e)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly
or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer
(whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange
their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock,
(iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization
of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for
other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock
or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off
or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated
or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each
a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right
to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental
Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number
of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional
consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable by holders of Common Stock as a result of such Fundamental
Transaction for each share of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price
among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor
(the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance
with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and
approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver
to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar
in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity
(or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard
to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the
exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant
to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise
price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions
of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and
power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor
Entity had been named as the Company herein.

Ex. A-9

f)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly mail or email to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment; provided, however, that the
Company may satisfy the notice requirement set forth in this Section 3(g) by filing such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current
Report on Form 8-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock (a reverse stock split shall not be deemed a reclassification), any consolidation or merger
to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share
exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary
or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be
mailed a notice to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least five (5) calendar
days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified (unless such information is filed with the Commission on
its EDGAR system in which case a notice shall not be required), stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose
of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of
the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y)
the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close,
and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the
Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or
share exchange; provided that the failure to provide such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity of the corporate
action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material,
non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission
pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the
date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written
assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient
to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall
execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not
so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company
assigning this Warrant full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase
of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of
this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

Ex. A-10

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)
Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant
and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to
or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section
5. Registration Rights.

5.1.
Demand Registration.

5.1.1
Grant of Right. The Company, upon written demand (a Demand Notice) of the Holder(s) of at least 51% of the Warrants and/or
the underlying Warrant Shares (Majority Holders), agrees to register, on one occasion, all or any portion of the Warrant
Shares underlying the Warrants (collectively, the Registrable Securities). On such occasion, the Company will file a registration
statement with the Commission covering the Registrable Securities within forty-five (45) days after receipt of a Demand Notice and use
its commercially reasonable efforts to have the registration statement declared effective promptly thereafter, subject to compliance
with review by the Commission; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to comply with a Demand Notice if the Company
has filed a registration statement with respect to which the Holder is entitled to piggyback registration rights pursuant to Section
5.2 hereof and either: (i) the Holder has elected to participate in the offering covered by such registration statement or (ii) if such
registration statement relates to an underwritten primary offering of securities of the Company, until the offering covered by such registration
statement has been withdrawn or until thirty (30) days after such offering is consummated. The demand for registration may be made at
any time during a period of five (5) years beginning on the Initial Exercise Date. The Company covenants and agrees to give written notice
of its receipt of any Demand Notice by any Holder(s) to all other registered Holders of the Warrants and/or the Registrable Securities
within ten (10) days after the date of the receipt of any such Demand Notice.

5.1.2
Terms. The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to the registration of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5.1.1,
but the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent
them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. The Company agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause
the filing required herein to become effective promptly and to qualify or register the Registrable Securities in such States as are reasonably
requested by the Holder(s); provided, however, that in no event shall the Company be required to register the Registrable Securities
in a State in which such registration would cause: (i) the Company to be obligated to register or license to do business in such State
or submit to general service of process in such State, or (ii) the principal stockholders of the Company to be obligated to escrow their
shares of capital stock of the Company. The Company shall cause any registration statement filed pursuant to the demand right granted
under Section 5.1.1 to remain effective for a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months after the date that the Holders of the
Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement are first given the opportunity to sell all of such securities. The Holders
shall only use the prospectuses provided by the Company to sell the Warrant Shares covered by such registration statement, and will immediately
cease to use any prospectus furnished by the Company if the Company advises the Holder that such prospectus may no longer be used due
to a material misstatement or omission. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.1.2, the Holder shall be entitled to a demand
registration under this Section 5.1.2 on only one (1) occasion and such demand registration right shall terminate on the fifth anniversary
of the date of the Placement Agency Agreement in accordance with FINRA Rules 5110(g)(8)(B) and 5110(g)(8)(C).

Ex. A-11

5.2
Piggy-Back Registration.

5.2.1
Grant of Right. In addition to the demand right of registration described in Section 5.1 hereof, the Holder shall have the right, for
a period of no more than two (2) years from the Initial Exercise Date in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(D), to include the Registrable
Securities as part of any other registration of securities filed by the Company (other than in connection with a transaction contemplated
by Rule 145(a) promulgated under the Securities Act or pursuant to Form S-8 or any equivalent form); provided, however, that if, solely
in connection with any primary underwritten public offering or a primary public offering with a registered broker dealer acting as placement
agent for the account of the Company, the managing underwriter(s) or registered broker dealer thereof shall, in its reasonable discretion,
impose a limitation on the number of Shares which may be included in the Registration Statement because, in such underwriter(s)
or broker dealers judgment, marketing or other factors dictate such limitation is necessary to facilitate public distribution,
then the Company shall be obligated to include in such Registration Statement only such limited portion of the Registrable Securities
with respect to which the Holder requested inclusion hereunder as the underwriter or broker dealer shall reasonably permit. Any exclusion
of Registrable Securities shall be made pro rata among the Holders seeking to include Registrable Securities in proportion to the number
of Registrable Securities sought to be included by such Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not exclude any Registrable
Securities unless the Company has first excluded all outstanding securities, the holders of which are not entitled to inclusion of such
securities in such Registration Statement or are not entitled to pro rata inclusion with the Registrable Securities.

5.2.2
Terms. The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 5.2.1 hereof,
but the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent
them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. In the event of such a proposed registration, the Company shall furnish
the then Holders of outstanding Registrable Securities with not less than thirty (30) days written notice prior to the proposed date
of filing of such registration statement. Such notice to the Holders shall continue to be given for each registration statement filed
by the Company during the two (2) year period following the Initial Exercise Date until such time as all of the Registrable Securities
have been sold by the Holder. The holders of the Registrable Securities shall exercise the piggy-back rights provided for
herein by giving written notice within ten (10) days of the receipt of the Companys notice of its intention to file a registration
statement. Except as otherwise provided in this Warrant, there shall be no limit on the number of times the Holder may request registration
under this Section 5.2.2; provided, however, that such registration rights shall terminate on the second anniversary of the Initial Exercise
Date.

Ex. A-12

5.3 General Terms

5.3.1
Indemnification. The Company shall indemnify the Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to any registration statement
hereunder and each person, if any, who controls such Holders within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 (a)
of the Exchange Act against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses
reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which any of them may become subject under
the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from such registration statement but only to the same extent and with the
same effect as the provisions pursuant to which the Company has agreed to indemnify the Placement Agent (as defined therein) contained
in Section 8 of the Placement Agency Agreement. The Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to such registration
statement, and their successors and assigns, shall severally, and not jointly, indemnify the Company, against all loss, claim, damage,
expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing
or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which they may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise,
arising from information furnished by or on behalf of such Holders, or their successors or assigns, in writing, for specific inclusion
in such registration statement, to the same extent and with the same effect as the foregoing provisions.

5.3.2
Exercise of Warrants. Nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as requiring the Holder(s) to exercise their Warrants prior
to or after the initial filing of any registration statement or the effectiveness thereof.

5.3.3
Documents Delivered to Holders. The Company shall furnish to each Holder participating in any of the foregoing offerings and to each
underwriter of any such offering, if any, a signed counterpart, addressed to such Holder or underwriter, of: (i) an opinion of counsel
to the Company, dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering,
an opinion dated the date of the closing under any underwriting agreement related thereto), and (ii) a cold comfort letter
dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering, a letter
dated the date of the closing under the underwriting agreement) signed by the independent registered public accounting firm which has
issued a report on the Companys financial statements included in such registration statement, in each case covering substantially
the same matters with respect to such registration statement (and the prospectus included therein) and, in the case of such accountants
letter, with respect to events subsequent to the date of such financial statements, as are customarily covered in opinions of issuers
counsel and in accountants letters delivered to underwriters in underwritten public offerings of securities. The Company shall
also deliver promptly to each Holder participating in the offering requesting the correspondence and memoranda described below and to
the managing underwriter, if any, copies of all correspondence between the Commission and the Company, its counsel or auditors and all
memoranda relating to discussions with the Commission or its staff with respect to the registration statement and permit each Holder
and underwriter to do such investigation, upon reasonable advance notice, with respect to information contained in or omitted from the
registration statement as it deems reasonably necessary to comply with applicable securities laws or rules of FINRA. Such investigation
shall include access to books, records and properties and opportunities to discuss the business of the Company with its officers and
independent auditors, all to such reasonable extent and at such reasonable times as any such Holder shall reasonably request.

Ex. A-13

5.3.4
Underwriting Agreement. The Company shall enter into an underwriting agreement with the managing underwriter(s), if any, selected by
any Holders whose Registrable Securities are being registered pursuant to this Section 5, which managing underwriter shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the Company. Such agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Company, each Holder and such
managing underwriters, and shall contain such representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and such other terms as are customarily
contained in agreements of that type used by the managing underwriter. The Holders shall be parties to any underwriting agreement relating
to an underwritten sale of their Registrable Securities and may, at their option, require that any or all the representations, warranties
and covenants of the Company to or for the benefit of such underwriters shall also be made to and for the benefit of such Holders. Such
Holders shall not be required to make any representations or warranties to or agreements with the Company or the underwriters except
as they may relate to such Holders, their Warrant Shares and their intended methods of distribution.

5.3.5
Documents to be Delivered by Holder(s). Each of the Holder(s) participating in any of the foregoing offerings shall furnish to the Company
a completed and executed questionnaire provided by the Company requesting information customarily sought of selling security holders.

5.3.6
Damages. Should the registration or the effectiveness thereof required by Sections 5.1 and 5.2 hereof be delayed by the Company or the
Company otherwise fails to comply with such provisions, the Holder(s) shall, in addition to any other legal or other relief available
to the Holder(s), be entitled to obtain specific performance or other equitable (including injunctive) relief against the threatened
breach of such provisions or the continuation of any such breach, without the necessity of proving actual damages and without the necessity
of posting bond or other security.

Section
6. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights
as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i) except as expressly set forth in Section
3.

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and
in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall
not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company
will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or
stock certificate.

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading
Day.

Ex. A-14

d)
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)
Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of the Placement Agency Agreement.

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant or the Placement Agency Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this
Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient
to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings,
incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies
hereunder.

Ex. A-15

h)
Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall
be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Placement Agency Agreement.

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and
the Holder.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

Ex. A-16

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

PERFECT MOMENT LTD.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Ex. A-17

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

TO:
Perfect moment ltd.

_________________________

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[
] in lawful money of the United States; or

[
] if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please register and issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4)
Accredited Investor. If the Warrant is being exercised via cash exercise, the undersigned is an accredited investor
as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: _______________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________

Date:
________________________________________________________________________________

Ex. A-18

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing warrant, execute

this form and supply required information.

Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, [____] all of or [_______] shares of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

_______________________________________________
whose address is

_______________________________________________________________.

_______________________________________________________________

Dated:
______________, _______

Holders
Signature: _____________________________

Holders
Address: _____________________________

_____________________________

NOTE:
The signature to this Assignment Form must correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement
or any change whatsoever. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper
evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant.

Ex. A-19
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
(the Agreement) is dated as of March 28, 2025, by and between Perfect Moment Ltd., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
and each individual or entity named on the Schedule of Buyers attached hereto (each such individual or entity, individually, a Buyer
and all of such individuals or entities, collectively, the Buyers).

RECITALS

A. Subject to the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Buyer, and each Buyer, severally and not jointly,
desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the mutual covenants of the parties hereinafter expressed and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, each intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

RECITALS, EXHIBITS, SCHEDULES

The foregoing recitals are true
and correct and, together with the Schedules and Exhibits referred to hereafter, are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by this reference.

ARTICLE
II

DEFINITIONS

For purposes of this Agreement,
except as otherwise expressly provided or otherwise defined elsewhere in this Agreement, or unless the context otherwise requires, the
capitalized terms in this Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to them in this Article as follows:

2.1 Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

2.2 Assets
means all of the properties and assets of the Company or of its subsidiaries, whether real, personal or mixed, tangible or intangible,
wherever located, whether now owned or hereafter acquired.

2.3 Business Day
means any day except a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in the State of New York are authorized by law to close.

2.4 Buyers Purchase
Price shall mean, with respect to any Buyer, the Purchase Price opposite such Buyers name on the Schedule
of Buyers.

2.5 Certificate
of Designation shall have the meaning given such term in Section 4.1(b).

2.6 Claims
means any Proceedings, Judgments, Obligations, threats, losses, damages, deficiencies, settlements, assessments, charges, costs and expenses
of any nature or kind.

2.7 Common Stock
means the Companys common stock, $0.0001 par value per share.

2.8 Consent
means any consent, approval, order or authorization of, or any declaration, filing or registration with, or any application or report
to, or any waiver by, or any other action (whether similar or dissimilar to any of the foregoing) of, by or with, any Person, which is
necessary in order to take a specified action or actions, in a specified manner and/or to achieve a specific result.

2.9 Contract
means any written or oral contract, agreement, order or commitment of any nature whatsoever, including, any sales order, purchase order,
lease, sublease, license agreement, services agreement, loan agreement, mortgage, security agreement, guarantee, management contract,
employment agreement, consulting agreement, partnership agreement, shareholders agreement, buy-sell agreement, option, warrant, debenture,
subscription, call or put.

2.10 Conversion Stock
means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series AA Preferred Stock.

2.11 Encumbrance
means any lien, security interest, pledge, mortgage, easement, leasehold, assessment, tax, covenant, restriction, reservation, conditional
sale, prior assignment, or any other encumbrance, claim, burden or charge of any nature whatsoever.

2.12 Environmental Requirements
means all Laws and requirements relating to human, health, safety or protection of the environment or to emissions, discharges, releases
or threatened releases of pollutants, contaminants, or Hazardous Materials in the environment (including, without limitation, ambient
air, surface water, ground water, land surface or subsurface strata), or otherwise relating to the treatment, storage, disposal, transport
or handling of any Hazardous Materials.

2.13 Exchange Act
shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

2.14 GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles, methods and practices set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles
Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards
Board, the SEC or of such other Person as may be approved by a significant segment of the U.S. accounting profession, in each case as
of the date or period at issue, and as applied in the U.S. to U.S. companies.

2 

2.15 Governmental Authority
means any foreign, federal, state or local government, or any political subdivision thereof, or any court, agency or other body, organization,
group, stock market or exchange exercising any executive, legislative, judicial, quasi-judicial, regulatory or administrative function
of government.

2.16 Hazardous Materials
means: (i) any petroleum or petroleum products, radioactive materials, asbestos in any form that is or could become friable, urea formaldehyde
foam insulation and transformers or other equipment that contain dielectric fluid containing levels of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs);
(ii) any chemicals, materials, substances or wastes which are now or hereafter become defined as or included in the definition of hazardous
substances, hazardous wastes, hazardous materials, extremely hazardous wastes, restricted
hazardous wastes, toxic substances, toxic pollutants or words of similar import, under any Law; and
(iii) any other chemical, material, substance, or waste, exposure to which is now or hereafter prohibited, limited or regulated by any
Governmental Authority.

2.17 Initial Outside
Closing Date shall have the meaning given in Section 12.1.

2.18 Judgment
means any order, writ, injunction, fine, citation, award, decree, or any other judgment of any nature whatsoever of any Governmental Authority.

2.19 Knowledge of the
Company means the actual knowledge of the board of directors and executive officers of the Company after due inquiry.

2.20 Law
means any provision of any law, statute, ordinance, code, constitution, charter, treaty, rule or regulation of any Governmental Authority.

2.21 Leases
means all leases for real or personal property.

2.22 Material Adverse
Effect means with respect to the event, item or question at issue, that such event, item or question would have or reasonably
be expected to result in one or more of the following: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of this
Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents; (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, Assets, business or condition
(financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys
or its subsidiaries ability to perform, on a timely basis, its or their respective Obligations under this Agreement or any Transaction
Documents; or (iv) a material adverse effect on the Buyers ability to sell or dispose of any of the Stock, whether on the Principal
Trading Market, or otherwise, in accordance with applicable securities Laws, regardless of the cause.

2.23 Material Contract
means any Contract to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound which has been filed or is required to have been filed as an
exhibit to the SEC Filings pursuant to Item 601(b)(4) or Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC.

2.24 Obligation
means any debt, liability or obligation of any nature whatsoever, whether secured, unsecured, recourse, nonrecourse, liquidated, unliquidated,
accrued, absolute, fixed, contingent, ascertained, unascertained, known, unknown or obligations under executory Contracts.

3 

2.25 Ordinary Course
of Business means the ordinary course of business consistent with past custom and practice (including with respect to quantity,
quality and frequency).

2.26 Permit
means any license, permit, approval, waiver, order, authorization, right or privilege of any nature whatsoever, granted, issued, approved
or allowed by any Governmental Authority.

2.27 Person
means any individual, sole proprietorship, joint venture, partnership, company, corporation, association, cooperation, trust, estate,
Governmental Authority, or any other entity of any nature whatsoever.

2.28 Principal Trading
Market shall mean the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market,
the marketplaces operated by the OTC Markets Group, the NYSE Euronext or the New York Stock Exchange, whichever is at the time the principal
trading exchange or market for the Common Stock.

2.29 Proceeding
means any demand, claim, suit, action, litigation, investigation, audit, study, arbitration, administrative hearing, or any other proceeding
of any nature whatsoever.

2.30 Real Property
means any real estate, land, building, structure, improvement, fixture or other real property of any nature whatsoever, including, but
not limited to, fee and leasehold interests.

2.31 Registration Rights
Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated the date hereof, among the Company and the Buyers, in the form of
Exhibit A attached hereto.

2.32 Required Buyers
shall have the meaning given in Section 13.5.

2.33 SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

2.34 SEC
Documents shall have the meaning given in Section 6.7.

2.35 Securities
means, collectively, the Stock and the Conversion Stock.

2.36 Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

2.37 Series AA Preferred
Stock means the Companys 12.00% Series AA Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value per share.

2.38 Stock
means up to 1,723,989 shares of Series AA Preferred Stock issued or issuable to the Buyers pursuant to this Agreement.

2.39 Tax
means (i) any foreign, federal, state or local income, profits, gross receipts, franchise, sales, use, occupancy, general property, real
property, personal property, intangible property, transfer, fuel, excise, accumulated earnings, personal holding company, unemployment
compensation, social security, withholding taxes, payroll taxes, or any other tax of any nature whatsoever, (ii) any foreign, federal,
state or local organization fee, qualification fee, annual report fee, filing fee, occupation fee, assessment, rent, or any other fee
or charge of any nature whatsoever, or (iii) any deficiency, interest or penalty imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.

4 

2.40 Tax Return
means any tax return, filing, declaration, information statement or other form or document required to be filed in connection with or
with respect to any Tax.

2.41 Transaction Documents
means this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, and the Certificate of Designation.

ARTICLE
III

INTERPRETATION

In this Agreement, unless the
express context otherwise requires: (i) the words herein, hereof and hereunder and words of
similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement; (ii) references to the words
Article or Section refer to the respective Articles and Sections of this Agreement, and references to Exhibit
or Schedule refer to the respective Exhibits and Schedules annexed hereto; (iii) references to a party mean
a party to this Agreement and include references to such partys permitted successors and permitted assigns; (iv) references to
a third party mean a Person not a party to this Agreement; (v) the terms dollars and $ means
U.S. dollars; (vi) wherever the word include, includes or including is used in this Agreement,
it will be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation.

ARTICLE
IV

PURCHASE AND SALE

4.1 Sale and Issuance of Stock.

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, each Buyer agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase, and the Company agrees to sell and issue to each Buyer,
the number of shares of Stock set forth in the column designated Total Investment Number of shares of Stock opposite
such Buyers name on the Schedule of Buyers, which in the aggregate shall equal up to Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000) of shares
of Stock, at a cash purchase price equal to $5.8005 per share (the Purchase Price). The Companys agreement
with each Buyer is a separate agreement, and the sale and issuance of the share of Stock to each Buyer is a separate sale and issuance.

(b) The voting powers, designations,
preferences, limitations, restrictions and relative rights of the Series AA Preferred Stock are set forth in the certificate of designation
attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Certificate of Designation).

4.2 Closings.

(a) The purchase, sale and issuance
of the Stock shall take place at one or more closings (each of which is referred to in this Agreement as a Closing
and the date of each is referred to in this Agreement as a Closing Date). The Initial Closing shall take place at
the offices of Manatt, Phelps & Phillips, LLP, 695 Town Center Drive, 14th Floor Costa Mesa, CA 92626, or such other location as the
parties shall mutually agree, no later than the second Business Day following the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions provided in
ARTICLE VIII and ARTICLE IX of this Agreement (other than conditions that, by their terms, are intended to be satisfied at the Closing, but
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of those conditions) (the Initial Closing Date), but in no event later than
the Initial Outside Closing Date. Following the Initial Closing, a subsequent closing (the Subsequent Closing) shall
take place at the offices of Manatt, Phelps & Phillips, LLP, 695 Town Center Drive, 14th Floor Costa Mesa, CA 92626, or such other
location as the parties shall mutually agree, no later than the second Business Day following the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions
provided in ARTICLE VIII and ARTICLE IX of this Agreement (other than conditions that, by their terms, are intended to be satisfied at the Closing,
but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of those conditions), but in no event later than May 1, 2025.

5 

(b) If less than all of the Stock
is sold and issued at the Initial Closing and the Subsequent Closing, then, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the
Company may sell and issue at one or more additional closings (each, an Additional Closing) within ninety (90) days
after the Initial Closing (the Final Outside Closing Date), to one or more Buyers or new purchasers (each, an Additional
Buyer) approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the number of shares of Stock as agreed to by the Company and such
Buyer or Additional Buyer; provided, that (a) such subsequent sale is consummated prior to the Final Outside Closing Date, (b)
each Additional Buyer shall become a party to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by executing and delivering a counterpart
signature page to each of the Transaction Documents, (c) the aggregate number of shares of Stock sold pursuant to this Agreement does
not exceed 1,723,989 and (d) it is permissible under the rules of the Principal Trading Market. Any such sale and issuance in an Additional
Closing shall be on the same terms and conditions as those contained herein. Each Additional Closing shall take place at such date, time
and place as shall be approved by the Company in its sole discretion. The Schedule of Buyers attached to this Agreement shall be updated
to reflect the number of shares of Stock purchased at each such Additional Closing and the Buyer or Additional Buyer purchasing such Stock.

4.3 Form of Payment; Delivery.
At each Closing, the applicable Buyer or Additional Buyer shall deliver to the Company such Buyers Purchase Price.

ARTICLE
V

BUYERS REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

Each Buyer, severally, and not jointly, represents
and warrants to the Company, that:

5.1 Investment Purpose.
Each Buyer is acquiring the Securities for its own account for investment only and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection
with, the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act; provided,
however, that by making the representations herein, each Buyer reserves the right to dispose of any Stock it holds and, if issued,
any Conversion Stock it holds at any time in accordance with or pursuant to an effective registration statement covering such Securities
or an available exemption under the Securities Act. The Buyer acknowledges that a legend will be placed on the certificates representing
the shares of Stock, and, if issued, on the shares of Conversion Stock, or other evidence of direct registration of the shares of Conversion
Stock in book-entry form, as follows:

THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND ARE RESTRICTED SECURITIES
AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED
EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR PURSUANT TO
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION THEREUNDER OR PURSUANT TO AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, WHICH IS TO BE ESTABLISHED TO THE REASONABLE SATISFACTION
OF COUNSEL TO THE ISSUER, THAT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT IS NOT REQUIRED. THESE securities
may be pledged in connection with a bona fide margin account or other loan or financing arrangement secured by the securities.

5.2 Accredited Investor Status.
Each Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D, as promulgated under the Securities
Act.

5.3 Reliance on Exemptions.
Each Buyer understands that the Stock is being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration requirements
of United States federal and state securities Laws and that the Company is relying in part upon the truth and accuracy of, and each Buyers
compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of each Buyer set forth herein in order
to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of each Buyer to acquire shares of Stock.

6 

5.4 Information. Each Buyer
and its advisors, if any, have been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and
other information each Buyer deemed material to making an informed investment decision regarding its purchase of shares of Stock, which
have been requested by such Buyer. Each Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company
and its management. Neither such inquiries, nor any other due diligence investigations conducted by any Buyer or its advisors, if any,
or its representatives, shall modify, amend or affect each Buyers right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties
contained in ARTICLE VI below. Each Buyer has concluded that investment in the Securities is in such Buyers best interests.
Each Buyer understands that its investment in the Securities involves a high degree of risk. Each Buyer is in a position regarding the
Company that enabled and enables Buyer to obtain information from the Company in order to evaluate the merits and risks of this investment.
Each Buyer has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with
respect to its acquisition of the Stock.

5.5 No Governmental Review.
Each Buyer understands that no United States federal or state Governmental Authority has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement
of the Securities, or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities, nor have such Governmental Authorities passed upon
or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

5.6 Authorization, Enforcement.
This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered on behalf of each Buyer and is a valid and binding agreement
of each Buyer, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity
or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation and other similar laws relating to, or affecting generally,
the enforcement of applicable creditors rights and remedies.

5.7 No General Solicitation.
The Buyer is not purchasing shares of Stock as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities
published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or any other general
solicitation or general advertisement.

ARTICLE
VI

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Except as set forth and disclosed
in the Companys SEC Documents the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Buyer.

6.1 Subsidiaries. Except
as disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Company has no subsidiaries and the Company does not own, directly or indirectly, any outstanding
voting securities of or other interests in, or have any control over, any other Person. With respect to each of the Companys subsidiaries,
all representations and warranties in this ARTICLE VI and elsewhere in this Agreement shall be deemed repeated and re-made from and by each
such subsidiary, as if such representations and warranties were independently made by each such subsidiary, in this Agreement (but modified
as necessary in order to give effect to the intent of the parties that such representation and warranty is being made by the subsidiary,
rather than the Company, as applicable). In addition, each representation and warranty contained in this ARTICLE VI or otherwise set forth
in this Agreement shall be deemed to mean and be construed to include the Company and each of its subsidiaries, as applicable, regardless
of whether each of such representations and warranties in ARTICLE VI specifically refers to the Companys subsidiaries or not.

6.2 Organization. The Company
and its subsidiaries are corporations, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction in which
they are incorporated. The Company has the full corporate power and authority and all necessary certificates, licenses, approvals and
Permits to: (i) enter into and execute this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and to perform all of its obligations hereunder and
thereunder; and (ii) own and operate its Assets and properties and to conduct and carry on its business as and to the extent now conducted.
The Company is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction where the character
of its business or the ownership or use and operation of its Assets or properties requires such qualification, except to the extent that
failure to so qualify will not result in a Material Adverse Effect.

7 

6.3 Authority and Approval
of Agreement; Binding Effect. The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents, and the performance
by the Company of all of its Obligations hereunder and thereunder, including the issuance of the Securities, have been duly and validly
authorized and approved by the Company and its board of directors pursuant to all applicable Laws and no other corporate action or Consent
on the part of the Company, its board of directors, stockholders or any other Person is necessary or required by the Company to execute
this Agreement and the Transaction Documents, consummate the transactions contemplated herein and therein, perform all of Companys
Obligations hereunder and thereunder, or to issue the Securities. This Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents have been duly
and validly executed by the Company (and the officer executing this Agreement and all such other Transaction Documents is duly authorized
to act and execute same on behalf of the Company) and constitute the valid and legally binding agreements of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity
or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation and other similar laws relating to, or affecting generally,
the enforcement of applicable creditors rights and remedies.

6.4 Capitalization. Immediately
prior to the Initial Closing, the authorized capital stock of the Company will consist of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, with a par
value of $0.0001 per share, of which 16,665,551 shares are issued and outstanding, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with a par
value of $0.0001 per share, of which no shares are issued and outstanding and 1,800,000 shares of which are designated Series AA Preferred
Stock (all of which are authorized for issuance pursuant to this Agreement). All of such outstanding shares have been validly issued and
are fully paid and nonassessable. The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the Stock are as set forth in the Certificate
of Designation. The Conversion Stock has been duly and validly reserved for issuance. The Common Stock is currently quoted on the NYSE
American under the trading symbol PMNT. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Company has received no notice, either
oral or written, with respect to the continued eligibility of the Common Stock for quotation on the Principal Trading Market, and the
Company has maintained all requirements on its part for the continuation of such quotation. No shares of Common Stock are subject to preemptive
rights or any other similar rights or any Encumbrances suffered or permitted by the Company. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents,
as of the date hereof: (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character
whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
or Contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue
additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls
or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for, any shares of capital
stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (collectively, Derivative Securities); (ii) there are no outstanding
debt securities, notes, credit agreements, credit facilities or other Contracts or instruments evidencing indebtedness of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries, or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is or may become bound; (iii) there are no outstanding
effective registration statements with respect to the Company or any of its securities (other than registration statements on Form S-8);
(iv) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any
of their securities under the Securities Act (except pursuant to this Agreement); (v) there are no financing statements securing obligations
filed in connection with the Company or any of its Assets; (vi) there are no securities or instruments containing anti-dilution or similar
provisions that will be triggered by this Agreement or any related agreement or the consummation of the transactions described herein
or therein; and (vii) there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company which contain any redemption or similar provisions,
and there are no Contracts by which the Company is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company. There are no stockholders
agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a
party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders. Assuming the exercise in full of
all outstanding Derivative Securities taking into account all applicable anti-dilution or similar adjustments or rights, including without
limitation those resulting from the issuance of Stock pursuant to this Agreement, and the exercise of all Derivative Securities authorized
for issuance, but not yet issued, under any plan of the Company, the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior
to the issuance of the Stock at the Initial Closing is 18,899,667.

8 

6.5 No Conflicts; Consents
and Approvals. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents, and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the issuance of any of the Stock, will not: (i) constitute a violation of or conflict
with any provision of the Companys or any of the Companys subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws
or other organizational or charter documents; (ii) constitute a violation of, or a default or breach under (either immediately, upon notice,
upon lapse of time, or both), or conflict with, or give to any other Person any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation
of, any provision of any Material Contract; (iii) constitute a violation of, or a default or breach under (either immediately, upon notice,
upon lapse of time, or both), or conflict with, any Judgment; (iv) assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the
Buyers set forth in ARTICLE V above, constitute a violation of, or conflict with, any Law (including United States federal and state securities
Laws and the rules and regulations of any market or exchange on which the Common Stock is quoted); or (v) result in the loss or adverse
modification of, or the imposition of any fine, penalty or other Encumbrance with respect to, any Permit granted or issued to, or otherwise
held by or for the use of, Company or any of Companys Assets. The Company is not in violation of its articles of incorporation,
bylaws or other organizational or governing documents and the Company is not in default or breach (and no event has occurred which with
notice or lapse of time or both could put the Company in default or breach) under, and the Company has not taken any action or failed
to take any action that would give to any other Person any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any Material
Contract. Except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement, the Company is not required to obtain any Consent of, from, or with any
Governmental Authority, or any other Person, in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its Obligations under this Agreement
or the Transaction Documents in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof, or to issue and sell the Securities in accordance with the
terms hereof. All Consents which the Company is required to obtain pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence have been obtained or
effected on or prior to the date hereof.

6.6 Issuance of Securities.
All shares of the Securities are duly authorized and, upon issuance in accordance with the terms hereof and the Certificate of Designation
shall be duly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all Encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof, and assuming the
accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Buyers set forth in ARTICLE V above, will be issued in compliance with all applicable
United States federal and state securities Laws. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Buyers set forth in
ARTICLE V above, the offer and sale by the Company of the Securities is exempt from: (i) the registration and prospectus delivery requirements
of the Securities Act; and (ii) the registration and/or qualification provisions of all applicable state and provincial securities and
blue sky laws.

9 

6.7 SEC Documents; Financial
Statements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act and the Company has timely filed all reports,
schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC under the Exchange Act (all of the foregoing
filed from and after February 7, 2024 or amended after the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and
schedules thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to as the SEC Documents).
The Company is current with its filing obligations under the Exchange Act and all SEC Documents have been filed on a timely basis or the
Company has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Document prior to the expiration of any such
extension. The Company represents and warrants that true and complete copies of the SEC Documents are available on the SECs website
(www.sec.gov) at no charge to Buyers, and Buyers acknowledge that each of them may retrieve all SEC Documents from such website and each
Buyers access to such SEC Documents through such website shall constitute delivery of the SEC Documents to Buyers; provided,
however, that if any Buyer is unable to obtain any of such SEC Documents from such website at no charge, as result of such website
not being available or any other reason beyond any Buyers control, then upon request from such Buyer, the Company shall deliver
to such Buyer true and complete copies of such SEC Documents. As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the Securities Act, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed
with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of the statements
made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable Law (except as such statements have
been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior to the date hereof, which amendments or updates are also part of the SEC Documents).
As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents (Financial Statements)
complied in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect
thereto (except as such Financial Statements have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior to the date hereof, which amendments
or updates are also part of the SEC Documents). All of the Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently
applied, during the periods involved (except: (i) as may be otherwise indicated in such Financial Statements or the notes thereto; or
(ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements),
and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the consolidated
results of its operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end
audit adjustments). To the knowledge of the Company and its officers, no other information provided by or on behalf of the Company to
the Buyers which is not included in the SEC Documents contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstance under which they are or were made, not misleading.

6.8 Absence of Certain Changes.
Since the date the last of the SEC Documents was filed with the SEC, none of the following have occurred:

(a) There has been no event or circumstance
of any nature whatsoever that has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect; or

(b) Except for this Agreement and
the other Transaction Documents, there has been no transaction, event, action, development, payment, or other matter of any nature whatsoever
entered into by the Company that requires disclosure in an SEC Document which has not been so disclosed.

10 

6.9 Absence of Litigation or
Adverse Matters. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents: (i) there is no Proceeding before or by any Governmental Authority or any
other Person, pending, or the best of Companys knowledge, threatened or contemplated by, against or affecting the Company, its
business or Assets; (ii) there is no outstanding Judgments against or affecting the Company, its business or Assets; and (iii) the Company
is not in breach or violation of any Material Contract.

6.10 Liabilities of the Company.
The Company does not have any Obligations of a nature required by GAAP to be disclosed on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company,
except: (i) as disclosed in the Financial Statements; or (ii) incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business since the date of the last Financial
Statements filed by the Company with the SEC that have not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect.

6.11 Title to Assets. The
Company has good and marketable title to, or a valid license or leasehold interest in, all of its Assets which are material to the business
and operations of the Company as presently conducted, free and clear of all Encumbrances or restrictions on the transfer or use of same,
other than restrictions on transfer or use arising under a license or Lease with respect to such Assets that, individually or in the aggregate,
would not have, or be reasonably expected to, materially interfere with the purposes for which they are currently used and for the purposes
for which they are proposed to be used. Except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect, the Companys Assets are in good operating
condition and repair, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and are free of any latent or patent defects which might impair their usefulness,
and are suitable for the purposes for which they are currently used and for the purposes for which they are proposed to be used.

6.12 Real Estate.

(a) Real Property Ownership.
The Company does not own any Real Property.

(b) Real Property Leases.
Except pursuant to the Leases described in the SEC Documents (the Company Leases), the Company does not lease any
Real Property. With respect to each of the Company Leases: (i) the Company has been in peaceful possession of the property leased thereunder
and neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, the landlord is in default thereunder; (ii) no waiver, indulgence or postponement
of any of the Obligations thereunder has been granted by the Company or landlord thereunder; and (iii) there exists no event, occurrence,
condition or act known to the Company which, upon notice or lapse of time or both, would be or could become a default thereunder or which
could result in the termination of the Company Leases, or any of them, or have a Material Adverse Effect on the business of the Company,
its Assets or its operations or financial results. The Company has not violated nor breached any provision of any such Company Leases,
and all Obligations required to be performed by the Company under any of such Company Leases have been fully, timely and properly performed.
If requested by any of the Buyers, the Company has delivered to such Buyers true, correct and complete copies of all Company Leases, including
all modifications and amendments thereto, whether in writing or otherwise. The Company has not received any written or oral notice to
the effect that any of the Company Leases will not be renewed at the termination of the term of such Company Leases, or that any of such
Company Leases will be renewed only at higher rents.

6.13 Material Contracts.
An accurate, current and complete copy of each of the Material Contracts has been furnished to Buyers and/or is readily available as part
of the SEC Documents, and each of the Material Contracts constitutes the entire agreement of the respective parties thereto relating to
the subject matter thereof. Each of the Material Contracts is in full force and effect and is a valid and binding Obligation of the parties
thereto in accordance with the terms and conditions thereof. To the knowledge of the Company and its officers, all Obligations required
to be performed under the terms of each of the Material Contracts by any party thereto have been fully performed by all parties thereto,
and no party to any Material Contracts is in default with respect to any term or condition thereof, nor has any event occurred which,
through the passage of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder or would cause the acceleration or
modification of any Obligation of any party thereto or the creation of any Encumbrance upon any of the Assets of the Company. Further,
the Company has received no notice, nor does the Company have any knowledge, of any pending or contemplated termination of any of the
Material Contracts and, no such termination is proposed or has been threatened, whether in writing or orally.

11 

6.14 Compliance with Laws.
Except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company is and at all times has been in material compliance with all Laws. The
Company has not received any notice that it is in violation of, has violated, or is under investigation with respect to, or has been threatened
to be charged with, any violation of any Law.

6.15 Intellectual Property.
The Company owns or possesses adequate and legally enforceable rights or licenses to use all trademarks, trade names, service marks, service
mark registrations, service names, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, approvals, governmental authorizations, trade
secrets and all other intellectual property rights necessary to conduct its business as now conducted. The Company does not have any knowledge
of any infringement by the Company of trademark, trade name rights, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, service
names, service marks, service mark registrations, trade secret or other intellectual property rights of others, and, to the knowledge
of the Company, there is no Claim being made or brought against, or to the Companys knowledge, being threatened against, the Company
regarding trademark, trade name, patents, patent rights, invention, copyright, license, service names, service marks, service mark registrations,
trade secret or other intellectual property infringement; and the Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise
to any of the foregoing.

6.16 Labor and Employment Matters.
The Company is not involved in any labor dispute or, to the knowledge of the Company, is any such dispute threatened. To the knowledge
of the Company and its officers, none of the Companys employees is a member of a union and the Company believes that its relations
with its employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company and its officers, the Company has complied in all material respects with
all Laws relating to employment matters, civil rights and equal employment opportunities.

6.17 Employee Benefit Plans.
The Company is in compliance in all material respects with all presently applicable provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended, including the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (ERISA); no reportable
event (as defined in ERISA) has occurred with respect to any pension plan (as defined in ERISA) for which the Company
would have any liability; the Company has not incurred and does not expect to incur liability under (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect
to termination of, or withdrawal from, any pension plan or (ii) Sections 412 or 4971 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended, including the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (the Code); and each pension
plan for which the Company would have any liability that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified
in all material respects and nothing has occurred, whether by action or by failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification.
To the Companys knowledge, the Company has promptly paid and discharged all Obligations arising under ERISA of a character which
if unpaid or unperformed might result in the imposition of an Encumbrance against any of its Assets or otherwise have a Material Adverse
Effect.

6.18 Tax Matters. The Company
has made and timely filed all Tax Returns required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, and each such Tax Return has been prepared
in compliance with all applicable Laws, and all such Tax Returns are true and accurate in all respects. Except and only to the extent
that the Company has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported Taxes, the Company
has timely paid all Taxes shown or determined to be due on such Tax Returns, except those being contested in good faith, and the Company
has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all Taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such
Tax Returns apply. There are no unpaid Taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and
the officers of the Company know of no basis for any such claim. The Company has withheld and paid all Taxes to the appropriate Governmental
Authority required to have been withheld and paid in connection with amounts paid or owing to any Person. There is no Proceeding or Claim
for refund now in progress, pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against or with respect to the Company regarding
Taxes.

12 

6.19 Insurance. The Company
is covered by valid, outstanding and enforceable policies of insurance which were issued to it by reputable insurers of recognized financial
responsibility, covering its properties, Assets and businesses against losses and risks normally insured against by other corporations
or entities in the same or similar lines of businesses as the Company is engaged and in coverage amounts which are prudent and typically
and reasonably carried by such other corporations or entities (the Insurance Policies). Such Insurance Policies are
in full force and effect, and all premiums due thereon have been paid. None of the Insurance Policies will lapse or terminate as a result
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company has complied with the provisions of such Insurance Policies. The Company
has not been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for and the Company does not have any reason to believe that it will not
be able to renew its existing Insurance Policies as and when such Insurance Policies expire or to obtain similar coverage from similar
insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not materially and adversely affect the condition, financial
or otherwise, or the earnings, business or operations of the Company.

6.20 Permits. The Company
possesses all Permits necessary to conduct its business, and the Company has not received any notice of, or is otherwise involved in any
Proceedings relating to, the revocation or modification of any such Permits. All such Permits are valid and in full force and effect and
the Company is in material compliance with the respective requirements of all such Permits.

6.21 Business Location.
The Company has no material office or place of business other than as identified in the SEC Documents and the Companys principal
executive offices are located in New York. All books and records of the Company and other material Assets of the Company are held or located
at the offices and places of business identified in the SEC Documents.

6.22 Environmental Laws.
The Company is and has at all times been in compliance in all material respects with any and all applicable Environmental Requirements,
and there are no pending Claims against the Company relating to any Environmental Requirements, nor to the best knowledge of the Company,
is there any basis for any such Claims.

6.23 Illegal Payments.
Neither the Company, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or other Person acting on behalf of the Company has, in the course of
his actions for, or on behalf of, the Company: (i) used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other
unlawful expenses relating to political activity; (ii) made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government
official or employee from corporate funds; (iii) violated or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
of 1977, as amended; or (iv) made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic
government official or employee.

6.24 Related Party Transactions.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, and except for arms length transactions pursuant to which the Company makes payments
in the Ordinary Course of Business upon terms no less favorable than the Company could obtain from third parties, none of the officers,
directors or employees of the Company, nor any stockholders who own, legally or beneficially, five percent (5%) or more of the issued
and outstanding shares of any class of the Companys capital stock (each a Material Shareholder), is presently
a party to any transaction with the Company (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any Contract providing
for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments
to or from, any officer, director or such employee or Material Shareholder or, to the best knowledge of the Company, any other Person
in which any officer, director, or any such employee or Material Shareholder has a substantial or material interest in or of which any
officer, director or employee of the Company or Material Shareholder is an officer, director, trustee or partner. There are no Claims
or disputes of any nature or kind between the Company and any officer, director or employee of the Company or any Material Shareholder,
or, to the Companys knowledge, between any of them, relating to the Company and its business.

13 

6.25 Internal Accounting Controls.
Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company and each of its subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient
to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations;
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset
accountability; (iii) access to Assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and
(iv) the recorded accountability for Assets is compared with the existing Assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken
with respect to any differences.

6.26 Acknowledgment Regarding
Buyers Purchase of the Stock. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each Buyer is acting solely in the capacity of an arms
length purchaser with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Buyer
is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby and any advice given by any Buyer or any of its representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby is merely incidental to such Buyers purchase of the Stock. The Company further represents to each
Buyer that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement has been based solely on the independent evaluation by the Company
and its representatives.

6.27 Listing and Maintenance
Requirements. The Companys Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken
no action designed to, or which to the best of its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common
Stock under the Exchange Act, nor has the Company received any notification that the SEC is contemplating terminating such registration.

6.28 Bad Actor. No bad
actor disqualifying event described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i)-(viii) of the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event)
is applicable to the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any Company Covered Person, except for a Disqualification Event as
to which Rule 506(d)(2)(iiiv) or (d)(3), is applicable. As used in this Section 6.28, the term Company Covered Person
means, with respect to the Company as an issuer for purposes of Rule 506 promulgated under the Securities Act, any Person
listed in the first paragraph of Rule 506(d)(1).

6.29 Brokerage Fees. Except
for the fees payable to ThinkEquity LLC (ThinkEquity) pursuant to that certain Placement Agency Agreement entered
into between the Company and ThinkEquity concurrent with the execution of this Agreement, there is no Person acting on behalf of the Company
who is entitled to or has any claim for any financial advisory, brokerage or finders fee or commission in connection with the execution
of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

14 

ARTICLE
VII

COVENANTS

7.1 Best Efforts. Each
party shall use its best efforts to timely satisfy each of the conditions to be satisfied by it as provided in ARTICLE VIII and ARTICLE IX of
this Agreement.

7.2 Form D. If required
by applicable Law, the Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D of the Securities
Act. The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary to qualify
the Securities, or obtain an exemption for the Stock for sale to each of the Buyers at Closing pursuant to this Agreement under applicable
securities or Blue Sky Laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to
any Buyer upon request.

7.3 Affirmative Covenants.

(a) Reporting Status; Listing.
So long as any Buyer owns, legally or beneficially any of the Stock, the Company shall: (i) file in a timely manner all reports required
to be filed under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any securities Laws and regulations thereof applicable to the Company of any
state of the United States, or by the rules and regulations of the Principal Trading Market, and, if not otherwise publicly available,
to provide a copy thereof to a Buyer upon request; (ii) not terminate its status as an issuer required to file reports under the Exchange
Act even if the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder would otherwise permit such termination; (iii) if required by the
rules and regulations of the Principal Trading Market, promptly secure the listing of the Conversion Stock upon the Principal Trading
Market (subject to official notice of issuance) and, take all reasonable action under its control to maintain the continued listing, quotation
and trading of its Common Stock on the Principal Trading Market, and the Company shall comply in all respects with the Companys
reporting, filing and other Obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Principal Trading Market, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority,
Inc. and such other Governmental Authorities, as applicable.

(b) Rule 144. With a view
to making available to each Buyer the benefits of Rule 144 under the Securities Act (Rule 144), or any similar rule
or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit Buyers to sell any of the Securities to the public without registration, the Company
represents and warrants that: (i) the Company is, and has been for a period of at least ninety (90) days immediately preceding the date
hereof, subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; (ii) the Company has filed all required reports
under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable, during the twelve (12) months preceding the Closing Date (or for such shorter
period that the Company was required to file such reports); (iii) the Company is not an issuer defined as a Shell Company
(as hereinafter defined); and (iv) if the Company has, at any time, been an issuer defined as a Shell Company, the Company has: (A) not
been an issuer defined as a Shell Company for at least six (6) months prior to the Closing Date; and (B) has satisfied the requirements
of Rule 144(i) (including, without limitation, the proper filing of Form 10 information at least six (6) months prior to
the Closing Date). For the purposes hereof, the term Shell Company shall mean an issuer that meets the description
set forth under Rule 144(i)(1)(i). In addition, so long as any Buyer owns, legally or beneficially, any of the Securities, the Company
shall, at its sole expense:

15 

(i) make, keep and ensure that
adequate current public information with respect to the Company, as required in accordance with Rule 144, is publicly available;

(ii) furnish to each Buyer, promptly
upon reasonable request: (A) a written statement by the Company that it has complied with the reporting requirements of Rule 144, the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act; and (b) such other information as may be reasonably requested by each Buyer to permit each Buyer
to sell the Securities pursuant to Rule 144 without limitation or restriction; and

(iii) promptly at the request
of each Buyer, give the Companys transfer agent instructions to the effect that, upon the transfer agents receipt from any
Buyer of a certificate (a Rule 144 Certificate) certifying that such Buyers holding period (as determined
in accordance with the provisions of Rule 144) for any portion of the Stock or the Conversion Stock which such Buyer proposes to sell
(the Securities Being Sold) is not less than six (6) months, and receipt by the transfer agent of the Rule
144 Opinion (as hereinafter defined) from the Company or its counsel (or from such Buyer and its counsel as permitted below), the
transfer agent is to effect the transfer of the Securities Being Sold and issue to such Buyer or transferee(s) thereof one or more stock
certificates representing the transferred Securities Being Sold or other evidence of issuance by direct registration without any restrictive
legend and without recording any restrictions on the transferability of such Securities Being Sold on the transfer agents books
and records. In this regard, upon each Buyers request, the Company shall have an affirmative obligation to cause its counsel to
promptly issue to the transfer agent a legal opinion providing that, based on the Rule 144 Certificate, the Securities Being Sold were
or may be sold, as applicable, pursuant to the provisions of Rule 144, even in the absence of an effective registration statement (the
Rule 144 Opinion). If the transfer agent requires any additional documentation in connection with any proposed transfer
by any Buyer of any Securities Being Sold, the Company shall promptly deliver or cause to be delivered to the transfer agent or to any
other Person, all such additional documentation as may be necessary to effectuate the transfer of the Securities Being Sold and the issuance
of an unlegended certificate or other evidence of issuance by direct registration to any transferee thereof, all at the Companys
expense.

(c) Matters With Respect to Securities
and Transfer Agent.

(i) Removal of Restrictive
Legends. In the event that any Buyer has any Securities bearing any restrictive legends, and such Buyer, through its counsel or other
representatives, submits to the Companys transfer agent (Transfer Agent) any such shares for the removal of
the restrictive legends thereon, whether in connection with a sale of such shares pursuant to any exemption to the registration
requirements under the Securities Act, or otherwise, and the Company and or its counsel refuses or fails for any reason (except to the
extent that such refusal or failure is based solely on applicable Law that would prevent the removal of such restrictive legends) to render
an opinion of counsel or any other documents or certificates required for the removal of the restrictive legends, then the Company hereby
agrees and acknowledges that such Buyer is hereby irrevocably and expressly authorized to have counsel to such Buyer render any and all
opinions and other certificates or instruments which may be required for purposes of removing such restrictive legends, and the Company
hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs the Transfer Agent to, without any further confirmation or instructions from the Company, issue
any such shares without restrictive legends as instructed by such Buyer, and surrender to a common carrier for overnight delivery to the
address as specified by such Buyer, certificates or other evidence of issuance by direct registration, registered in the name of such
Buyer or its designees, representing the Securities to which such Buyer is entitled, without any restrictive legends and otherwise freely
transferable on the books and records of the Company.

16 

(ii) Authorized Agent of the
Company. The Company hereby irrevocably appoints each Buyer and each Buyers counsel and its representatives, each as the Companys
duly authorized agent and attorney-in-fact for the Company for the purposes of authorizing and instructing the Transfer Agent to process
issuances, transfers and legend removals upon instructions from each Buyer, or any counsel or representatives of each Buyer, consistent
with this Section 7.3(c). The authorization and power of attorney granted hereby is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable so long
as any Buyer owns or has the right to receive, any Securities. In this regard, the Company hereby confirms to the Transfer Agent and each
Buyer that it can NOT and will NOT give instructions, including stop orders or otherwise, inconsistent with the terms of
this Section 7.3(c) with regard to the matters contemplated herein, and that each Buyer shall have the absolute right to provide a copy
of this Agreement to the Transfer Agent as evidence of the Companys irrevocable authority for each Buyer and Transfer Agent to
process issuances, transfers and legend removals upon instructions from each Buyer, or any counsel or representatives of each Buyer, in
each case as specifically contemplated in this Section 7.3(c), without any further instructions, orders or confirmations from the Company.

(iii) Injunction and Specific
Performance. The Company specifically acknowledges and agrees that in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of
any provision of this Section 7.3(c), each Buyer will be irreparably damaged and that damages at law would be an inadequate remedy if
this Agreement were not specifically enforced. Therefore, in the event of a breach or threatened breach of any provision of this Section
7.3(c) by the Company, each Buyer shall be entitled to obtain, in addition to all other rights or remedies such Buyer may have, at law
or in equity, an injunction restraining such breach, without being required to show any actual damage or to post any bond or other security,
and/or to a decree for specific performance of the provisions of this Section 7.3(c).

7.4 Use of Proceeds. The
Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Stock for working capital and general corporate purposes, including payment of
general and administrative expenses.

7.5 Fees and Expenses.
The Company agrees to pay to each Buyer (or any designee or agent of the Buyers), upon demand, or to otherwise be responsible for the
payment of, any and all costs, fees, charges and expenses, including the reasonable fees, costs, expenses and disbursements of counsel
for any Buyer, which any Buyer may incur or which may otherwise be due and payable in connection with: (i) any documentary stamp taxes,
intangibles taxes, recording fees, filing fees, or other similar taxes, fees or charges imposed by or due to any Governmental Authority
in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Documents; (ii) the exercise or enforcement of any of the rights of any Buyer
under this Agreement or the Transaction Documents; or (iii) the failure by the Company to perform or observe any of the provisions of
this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents. The provisions of this Subsection shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

7.6 Public Disclosure of Buyers.
The Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Buyer, or include the name of any Buyer in any filing with the SEC or any regulatory
agency or Principal Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Buyer except: (a) as required by federal securities law
in connection with any registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement, or (b) to the extent such disclosure
is required by Law or Principal Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide Buyers with prior written notice of
such disclosure permitted under this clause (b), and, at the Companys expense, if requested by Buyer(s), seek confidential treatment
or a protective order therefor.

17 

ARTICLE
VIII

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE COMPANYS OBLIGATIONS
TO SELL

The obligation of the Company
hereunder to issue and sell shares of Stock to a Buyer at each Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date,
of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Companys sole benefit and may be waived by the
Company at any time in its sole discretion:

8.1 The Buyer shall have executed
the Transaction Documents that require the Buyers execution, and delivered them to the Company.

8.2 The Buyers representations
and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the applicable Closing Date as though
made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer shall have performed, satisfied
and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied
or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the applicable Closing Date.

8.3 No statute, rule, regulation,
executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority
of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

8.4 Trading in the Common Stock
shall not have been suspended by the SEC or any Principal Trading Market (except for any suspensions of trading of not more than one trading
day solely to permit dissemination of material information regarding the Company) at any time since the date of execution of this Agreement.

ARTICLE
IX

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO A BUYERS
OBLIGATIONS TO PURCHASE

The obligation of a Buyer hereunder
to purchase shares of Stock at each Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the applicable Closing Date, of each of the following
conditions (in addition to any other conditions precedent elsewhere in this Agreement), provided that these conditions are for the Buyers
sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion:

9.1 The Company shall have executed
and delivered the Transaction Documents to such Buyer.

18 

9.2 The Company shall have delivered
to the transfer agent for the Series AA Preferred Stock instructions and all such other documents required by the transfer agent to issue
in the name of such Buyer or the Buyers designee the number of shares of Stock that such Buyer is purchasing.

9.3 The representations and warranties
of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects (except to the extent that any of such representations and warranties
are already qualified as to materiality in ARTICLE VI above, in which case, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct
in all respects without further qualification) as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made at that time (except
for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all
material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with
by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. The Buyer shall have received a certificate, executed by the President or Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, to the foregoing effect.

9.4 The Company shall have delivered
to the Buyers a certificate evidencing the formation and good standing of the Company in its jurisdiction of formation issued by the Secretary
of State (or comparable office) of such jurisdiction of formation as of a date within twenty (20) days of the Closing Date.

9.5 The Company shall have delivered
to the Buyers (i) a certified copy of the Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as certified by the Secretary of State of the Companys
jurisdiction of incorporation within (20) days of the Closing Date, and (ii) a certified copy of the Certificate of Designation, as certified
by the Secretary of State of the Companys jurisdiction of incorporation.

9.6 The Company shall have delivered
to the Buyers a certificate or other reasonably acceptable evidence of the Companys qualification as a foreign corporation and
good standing issued by the Secretary of State (or comparable office) of each jurisdiction in which the Company conducts business and
is required to so qualify, as of a date within twenty (20) days of the Closing Date.

9.7 The Company shall have delivered
to the Buyers a certificate, in the form acceptable to the Buyers, executed by the Secretary of the Company dated as of the Closing Date,
as to (i) the resolutions consistent with Section 6.3 as adopted by the Companys board of directors, (ii) the Articles of
Incorporation of the Company, and (iii) the Bylaws of the Company as in effect at the Closing.

9.8 The Company shall have delivered
to the Buyers the opinion of Manatt, Phelps & Phillips, LLP (MPP), counsel to the Company, dated the Closing
Date and addressed to the Buyers.

19 

9.9 The Companys auditor
shall have delivered a cold comfort letter containing statements and information of the type customarily included in accountants
comfort letters with respect to the Companys financial statements and certain financial information contained or incorporated or
deemed incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents, addressed to the Buyers and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects
to the Buyers and to the Auditor, dated as of the date of this Agreement.

9.10 The Company shall have obtained
all governmental, regulatory or third party consents and approvals necessary for the sale of the Stock.

9.11 No event or series of events
shall have occurred with respect to the Company that resulted, or could reasonably be expected to result, in a Material Adverse Effect.

ARTICLE
X

INDEMNIFICATION

10.1 Companys Obligation
to Indemnify. In consideration of the Buyers execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring the Stock hereunder, and
in addition to all of the Companys other obligations under this Agreement, the Company hereby agrees to defend and indemnify each
Buyer and each Buyers Affiliates and subsidiaries, and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives,
and the successors and assigns of each of them (collectively, the Buyer Indemnified Parties) and the Company does
hereby agree to hold the Buyer Indemnified Parties harmless, from and against any and all Claims made, brought or asserted against the
Buyer Indemnified Parties, or any one of them, and the Company hereby agrees to pay or reimburse the Buyer Indemnified Parties upon demand
for any and all Claims payable by any of the Buyer Indemnified Parties to any Person, including reasonable attorneys and paralegals
fees and expenses, court costs, settlement amounts, costs of investigation and interest thereon from the time such amounts are due at
the highest non-usurious rate of interest permitted by applicable Law, through all negotiations, mediations, arbitrations, trial and appellate
levels, as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to: (i) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made
by the Company in this Agreement, the Transaction Documents or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby;
(ii) any breach of any covenant, agreement or Obligation of the Company contained in this Agreement, the Transaction Documents or any
other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby; or (iii) any Claims brought or made against the Buyer Indemnified
Parties, or any one of them, by any Person and arising out of or resulting from the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of
this Agreement, the Transaction Documents or any other instrument, document or agreement executed pursuant hereto or thereto, any transaction
financed or to be financed in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the Stock, or the status
of the Buyers of any of the Stock, as a buyer and holder of such Stock. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may
be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Claims
covered hereby, which is permissible under applicable Law. The Company will not be liable or obligated to any Buyer under this indemnity:
(i) for any settlement by a Buyer in connection with any Claim effected without the Companys prior written consent, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed; or (ii) to the extent, but only to the extent, that a Claim is attributable
to any Buyers breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Buyer in this Agreement or
in the other Transaction Documents.

20 

ARTICLE
XI

MATTERS RELATING TO THE BUYERS

11.1 Independent Nature of
Buyers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Buyer under this Agreement and the Transaction Documents are several
and not joint with the obligations of any other Buyer, and no Buyer shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations
of any other Buyer under any one or more of the Transaction Documents. Except as otherwise disclosed by any Buyer to the Company in writing
in accordance with Section 13.1, each Buyer acknowledges that unless such Buyers purchase of shares of Stock is being effected
by a third party manager using a discretionary account for such Buyer, no other Buyer has acted as agent for such Buyer in connection
with making its investment hereunder and that no Buyer will be acting as agent of such other Buyer in connection with monitoring its investment
in the Stock or enforcing its rights under the Transaction Documents. Each Buyer shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce
its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it
shall not be necessary for any other Buyer to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose. The Company and each
of the Buyers acknowledge that, for reasons of administrative convenience the Company has elected to provide each of the Buyers with the
same Transaction Documents for the purpose of closing a transaction with multiple Buyers and not because it was required or requested
to do so by any Buyer. In furtherance of the foregoing, and not in limitation thereof, the Company and each Buyer acknowledges that nothing
contained in this Agreement or in any Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Buyer pursuant thereto, shall be deemed to constitute
any two or more Buyers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the
Buyers are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Buyers may, without violating or contradicting any of the above, appoint a Buyer or Buyers
or a third party to act as a representative or representatives of the Buyers for purposes of monitoring and enforcing the Transaction
Documents.

11.2 Equal Treatment of Buyers.
No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Buyer to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of any of the
Transaction Documents, unless the same consideration is also offered to all of the other Buyers who are parties to the Transaction Documents.

ARTICLE
XII

TERMINATION

12.1 Termination. This
Agreement may be terminated prior to the Initial Closing (i) by mutual written agreement of the Required Buyers and the Company, or (ii)
by either the Company or a Buyer (as to itself but for no other Buyer) upon written notice to the other, if the Initial Closing shall
not have taken place by 3:30 p.m. Eastern Time on March 31, 2025 (the Initial Outside Closing Date); provided, that
the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 12.1 shall not be available to any party whose failure to comply with its
obligations under this Agreement has been the cause of or resulted in the failure of the Closing to occur on or before such time.

12.2 Consequences of Termination.
Upon the termination of this Agreement, if any the funds deposited by a Buyer are still held by the Company, time being of the essence,
the Company will not later than the next Business Day refund in full the Buyers Purchase Price received by it. No termination of
this Agreement shall release any party from any liability for breach by such party of the terms and provisions of this Agreement or the
other Transaction Documents. s

21 

ARTICLE
XIII

MISCELLANEOUS

13.1 Notices. All notices
of request, demand and other communications hereunder shall be addressed to the parties as follows:

If to the Company:

Perfect Moment Ltd.

244 5th Ave., Suite 1219

New York, NY 10001

Attention: Jane Gottschalk

Email: jane@perfectmoment.com

With a copy to: 

Manatt, Phelps & Phillips, LLP

695 Town Center Drive, 14th Floor

Costa Mesa, CA 92626

Attn: Thomas J. Poletti, Esq.

E-mail: tpoletti@manatt.com

If to the Buyers: 

To each Buyer based on the information
set forth in the Schedule of Buyers attached hereto

unless the address is changed by the party by like
notice given to the other parties. Notice shall be in writing and shall be deemed delivered: (i) if mailed by certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid and properly addressed to the address below, then three (3) business days after deposit of same in a regularly
maintained U.S. Mail receptacle; or (ii) if mailed by Federal Express, UPS or other nationally recognized overnight courier service, next
business morning delivery, then one (1) business day after deposit of same in a regularly maintained receptacle of such overnight courier;
or (iii) if hand delivered, then upon hand delivery thereof to the address indicated on or prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on
a business day. Any notice hand delivered after 5:00 p.m., New York City time, shall be deemed delivered on the following business day.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, notice, consents, waivers or other communications referred to in this Agreement may be sent by e-mail or
other method of delivery, but shall be deemed to have been delivered only when the sending party has confirmed (by reply e-mail or some
other form of written confirmation from the receiving party) that the notice has been received by the other party.

13.2 Entire Agreement.
This Agreement, including the Exhibits and Schedules attached hereto and the documents delivered pursuant hereto, including the Transaction
Documents, set forth all the promises, covenants, agreements, conditions and understandings between the parties hereto with respect to
the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, inducements or conditions,
expressed or implied, oral or written, except as contained herein and in the Transaction Documents; provided, however, except
as explicitly stated herein, nothing contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall (or shall be deemed to) (i) have
any effect on any agreements any Buyer has entered into as a party with, or any instruments any Buyer has received from, the Company prior
to the date hereof with respect to any prior investment made by such Buyer in the Company, or (ii) waive, alter, modify or amend in any
respect any obligations of the Company, or any rights of or benefits to any Buyer or any other Person, in any agreement entered into prior
to the date hereof between or among the Company and any Buyer, or any instruments any Buyer received from the Company prior to the date
hereof, and all such agreements and instruments shall continue in full force and effect.

22 

13.3 Successors and Assigns.
This Agreement, and any and all rights, duties and obligations hereunder, shall not be assigned, transferred, delegated or sublicensed
by the Company without the prior written consent of each Buyer. Subject to the foregoing and except as otherwise provided herein, the
provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors, assigns, heirs, executors and administrators
of the parties hereto.

13.4 Binding Effect. This
Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto, their respective successors, indemnitees and permitted assigns.

13.5 Amendment. Except
as specifically set forth herein, neither the Company nor any Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect
to such matters. For clarification purposes, the Recitals are part of this Agreement. No provision of this Agreement may be amended other
than by an instrument in writing signed by the Company and the Required Buyers. Any amendment to any provision of this Agreement made
in conformity with the provisions of this Section 13.5 shall be binding on all Buyers and holders of shares of Stock, as applicable,
provided that no such amendment shall be effective to the extent that it (1) applies to less than all of the holders of shares of Stock
then outstanding, or (2) adversely affects the rights hereunder of any Buyer in a manner disproportionate to any adverse effect such amendment
would have on the rights of the other Buyers, unless such Buyer provides its prior written consent to such amendment. No waiver shall
be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party, provided that the Required Buyers
may waive any provision of this Agreement, and any waiver of any provision of this Agreement made in conformity with the provisions of
this Section 13.5 shall be binding on all Buyers and holders of shares of Stock, as applicable, provided that no such waiver shall
be effective to the extent that it (1) applies to less than all of the holders of the shares of Stock then outstanding (unless a party
gives a waiver as to itself only), or (2) adversely affects the rights hereunder of any Buyer in a manner disproportionate to any adverse
effect such waiver would have on the rights of the other Buyers, unless that Buyer provides its prior written consent to such waiver.
The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that no due diligence or other investigation or inquiry conducted by a Buyer, any of its
advisors or any of its representatives shall affect such Buyers right to rely on, or shall modify or qualify in any manner or be
an exception to any of, the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document.
Required Buyers means Buyers holding and/or subscribing hereunder for a majority of the shares of Stock issued by
the Company as of the conclusion of the final Closing pursuant to this Agreement.

13.6 Gender and Use of Singular
and Plural. All pronouns shall be deemed to refer to the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular or plural, as the identity of the party
or parties or their personal representatives, successors and assigns may require.

23 

13.7 Execution. This Agreement
may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which taken together shall be deemed and considered one and the same Agreement, and
same shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and each party has delivered its signed counterpart to the
other party. A digital reproduction, portable document format (.pdf) or other reproduction of this Agreement may be executed
by one or more parties hereto and delivered by such party by electronic signature (including signature via DocuSign or similar
services), electronic mail or any similar electronic transmission device pursuant to which the signature of or on behalf of such party
can be seen. Such execution and delivery shall be considered valid, binding and effective for all purposes.

13.8 Headings. The article
and section headings contained in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation
of the Agreement.

13.9 Governing Law. All
questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of
law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the
State of New York, County of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
sitting in the State of New York, County of New York, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with
any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or
proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is
brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed
to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action or proceeding
to enforce any provision of the Transaction Documents, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the
other party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution
of such action or proceeding.

13.10 Further Assurances.
The parties hereto will execute and deliver such further instruments and do such further acts and things as may be reasonably required
to carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement.

13.11 Survival. The representations
and warranties contained herein, Sections 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6, 10.1, 13.9, 13.14, 13.16, 13.17, and this Section shall survive the Closing
and the delivery of the Stock. Each Buyer shall be responsible only for its own representations, warranties and covenants hereunder.

13.12 Time is of the Essence.
The parties hereby agree that time is of the essence with respect to performance of each of the parties Obligations under this
Agreement. The parties agree that in the event that any date on which performance is to occur falls on a Saturday, Sunday or state or
national holiday, then the time for such performance shall be extended until the next business day thereafter occurring.

24 

13.13 Joint Preparation.
The preparation of this Agreement has been a joint effort of the parties and the resulting documents shall not, solely as a matter of
judicial construction, be construed more severely against one of the parties than the other.

13.14 Severability. If
any one of the provisions contained in this Agreement, for any reason, shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect,
such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall remain
in full force and effect and be construed as if the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein.

13.15 No Third Party Beneficiaries.
This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors, indemnitees and assigns, and
is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

13.16 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.
THE BUYERS AND THE COMPANY, AFTER CONSULTING OR HAVING HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH COUNSEL, EACH KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY
WAIVES, IRREVOCABLY, THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OR ANY OTHER AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR CONTEMPLATED TO BE EXECUTED IN CONJUNCTION WITH
THIS AGREEMENT, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT OR COURSE OF DEALING IN WHICH THE BUYERS AND THE COMPANY ARE ADVERSE PARTIES. THIS PROVISION
IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE BUYERS TO PURCHASE THE SHARES.

13.17 Compliance with Federal
Law. The Company shall: (i) ensure that no Person who owns a controlling interest in or otherwise controls the Company is or shall
at any time be listed on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Person List or other similar lists maintained by the Office of
Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the Department of the Treasury, included in any Executive Orders or in any other similar
lists of any Governmental Authority; (ii) not use or permit the use of the proceeds of the purchase of the Stock to violate any of the
foreign asset control regulations of OFAC or any enabling statute, Executive Order relating thereto or any other requirements or restrictions
imposed by any Governmental Authority; and (iii) comply with all applicable Lender Secrecy Act laws and regulations, as amended.

[SIGNATURES ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE]

25 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date and year set forth above.

COMPANY

PERFECT MOMENT LTD.,

a Delaware corporation

By: 

Jane Gottschalk

President

BUYERS:

See Signature pages for each Buyer attached.

Company Signature Page to Securities Purchase Agreement

BUYER SIGNATURE PAGE FOR SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

WITH PERFECT MOMENT LTD.

By its execution below, the undersigned
Buyer hereby acknowledges and agrees to the terms set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement to which this signature page is attached.

FOR ENTITY INVESTORS: FOR INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS: 

Signature: 

Name of Entity Name: 

By: Signature: 

Name: Name: 

Title: 

WORK ADDRESS: HOME ADDRESS:

Attention: Phone: 

Phone: SSN: 

Fax: 

E-mail: 

Taxpayer ID#: 

Select and complete one of the following:

Initial Closing:

Number of shares of Stock to be Purchased: 

________________________;

OR

Aggregate Purchase Price for shares of Stock to be Purchased: $

Subsequent Closing:

Number of shares of Stock to be Purchased: ________________________;

OR

Aggregate Purchase Price for shares of Stock to be Purchased: 

$

Buyer Signature Page to Securities Purchase Agreement

SCHEDULE OF BUYERS

Buyer 

Purchase

Price ($) 

Number

of shares of Stock Closing

[______] [______] [______] [Initial Closing/ Subsequent Closing]

[______] [______] [______] [Initial Closing/ Subsequent Closing]

[______] [______] [______] [Initial Closing/ Subsequent Closing]

[______] [______] [______] [Initial Closing/ Subsequent Closing]

TOTAL 

Schedule of Buyers

EXHIBIT A

Registration
Rights Agreement

Exhibit A

EXHIBIT B

CERTIFICATE
OF DESIGNATION

Exhibit B
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This
Registration Rights Agreement (the Agreement) is made and entered into as of this 28th day of March, 2025 by and
among Perfect Moment Ltd., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the investors identified on the signature pages
hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, an Investor, and collectively, the Investors).

R
E C I T A L S

WHEREAS,
the Company will sell up to ten million dollars ($10,000,000) of shares of Series AA Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred
Stock) in the Company to the Investors pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
dated as of even date herewith by and among the Company and the Investors; and

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Investors desire to set forth the registration rights to be granted by the Company to the Investors.

A
G R E E M E N T

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investors agree as follows:

The
parties hereby agree as follows:

1.
Certain Definitions. Except as otherwise expressly provided or otherwise defined elsewhere in this Agreement, or unless the context
otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in the State of New York are authorized
by law to close.

Common
Stock means the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and any securities into which such shares may hereinafter
be reclassified.

Prospectus
means (i) the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect
to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement and by all other amendments
and supplements to the prospectus, including post-effective amendments and all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus,
and (ii) any free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 405 under the 1933 Act.

Register,
registered and registration refer to a registration made by preparing and filing a Registration
Statement or similar document in compliance with the 1933 Act (as defined below), and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of
such Registration Statement or document.

Registrable
Securities means (i) the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock, and (ii) any other securities
issued or issuable with respect to or in exchange for Registrable Securities, whether by merger, charter amendment or otherwise; provided,
that an Investors security shall cease to be a Registrable Security upon the earliest to occur of the following: (A) sale of such
security pursuant to a Registration Statement; or (B) such security becoming eligible for public resale by the Investor pursuant to Rule
144 under the 1933 Act without regard to the holding period or volume limitations thereunder.

Registration
Statement means any registration statement of the Company filed under the 1933 Act (including a post-effective amendment to
a previously filed registration statement) that covers the resale of any of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of
this Agreement, amendments and supplements to such Registration Statement, including post- effective amendments, all exhibits and all
material incorporated by reference in such Registration Statement.

Required
Investors means the Investors holding a majority of the Registrable Securities.

SEC
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Selling
Stockholder Questionnaire means a questionnaire in the form attached as Exhibit B hereto, or such other form of questionnaire
as may reasonably be adopted by the Company from time to time.

1933
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

1934
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

2.
Registration.

(a)
Registration Statement. On or before the later of thirty (30) days from the Outside Closing Date (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)
(the Filing Deadline), the Company shall prepare and file with the SEC a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (or
on Form S-3, if Form S-3 is then available to the Company to effect a registration for resale of the Registrable Securities) covering
the resale of the Registrable Securities. Subject to any SEC comments, such Registration Statement shall include the plan of distribution
attached hereto as Exhibit A; provided, however, that no Investor shall be named as an underwriter in the Registration
Statement without the Investors prior written consent. Such Registration Statement also shall cover, to the extent allowable under
the 1933 Act and the rules promulgated thereunder (including Rule 416), such indeterminate number of additional shares of Common Stock
resulting from stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions with respect to the Registrable Securities. The Registration Statement
(and each amendment or supplement thereto, and each request for acceleration of effectiveness thereof) shall be provided in accordance
with Section 3(c) to the Investors and their counsel prior to its filing or other submission. The Company may impose reasonable
restrictions on the length of the review process.

2

(b)
Expenses. The Company will pay all expenses associated with each registration, including filing and printing fees, the Companys
counsel and accounting fees and expenses, costs associated with clearing the Registrable Securities for sale under applicable state securities
laws, listing fees, reasonable fees and expenses of one counsel to the Investors and the Investors reasonable expenses in connection
with the registration, but excluding discounts, commissions, fees of underwriters, selling brokers, dealer managers or similar securities
industry professionals with respect to the Registrable Securities being sold.

(c)
Effectiveness.

(i)
The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective within ninety (90) days after
the Outside Closing Date (the Closing Date). The Company shall promptly notify the Investors by facsimile or e-mail
as promptly as possible after, and in any event, no later than 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the next Business Day following the date,
any Registration Statement is declared effective and shall simultaneously provide the Investors by facsimile or e-mail with copies of
any related Prospectus to be used in connection with the sale or other disposition of the securities covered thereby.

(ii)
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company may suspend the use of any Prospectus included in any Registration Statement
contemplated by this Section in the event that the Company determines in good faith that such suspension is necessary to (A) delay the
disclosure of material non-public information concerning the Company, the disclosure of which at the time is not, in the good faith opinion
of the Company, in the best interests of the Company, or (B) amend or supplement the affected Registration Statement or the related Prospectus
so that such Registration Statement or Prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the case of the Prospectus in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading (an Allowed Delay); provided, that the Company shall promptly (a) notify
each Investor in writing of the commencement of and the reasons for an Allowed Delay, but shall not (without the prior written consent
of an Investor) disclose to such Investor any material non-public information giving rise to an Allowed Delay, (b) advise the Investors
in writing to cease all sales under the Registration Statement until the end of the Allowed Delay and (c) use its best efforts to terminate
an Allowed Delay as promptly as practicable.

3

(d) Rule
415; Cutback If at any time the SEC takes the position that the offering of some or all of the Registrable Securities in a
Registration Statement (alone or together with previously or subsequently registered shares of Common Stock) is not eligible to be
made on a delayed or continuous basis under the provisions of Rule 415 under the 1933 Act or requires any Investor to be named as an
underwriter, the Company shall use its best efforts to persuade the SEC that the offering contemplated by the
Registration Statement is a valid secondary offering and not an offering by or on behalf of the issuer as defined in
Rule 415 and that none of the Investors is an underwriter. The Investors shall have the right to participate or have
their counsel participate in any meetings or discussions with the SEC regarding the SECs position (unless in the reasonable
opinion of the Company or its counsel, such participation will be to the detriment to the Company in that it may cause undue delays
in the registration process or for other reasons) and to comment or have their counsel comment on any written submission made to the
SEC with respect thereto. No such written submission shall be made to the SEC to which the Investors counsel reasonably
objects. In the event that, despite the Companys best efforts and compliance with the terms of this Section 2(d), the
SEC refuses to alter its position, the Company shall (i) first remove any securities registered for the account of any selling
shareholders other than the holders of Registrable Securities, (ii) second remove any securities being registered for sale by the
Company, and (iii) third remove from the Registration Statement such portion of the Registrable Securities (the Cut Back
Shares) and/or agree to such restrictions and limitations on the registration and resale of the Registrable Securities as
the SEC may require to assure the Companys compliance with the requirements of Rule 415 (collectively, the SEC
Restrictions); provided, however, that the Company shall not agree to name any Investor as an
underwriter in such Registration Statement without the prior written consent of such Investor. Any cut-back imposed on
the Investors pursuant to this Section 2(d) shall be allocated among the Investors (and the holders of any previously or
subsequently registered shares of Common Stock whose shares are subject to the Rule 415 position taken by the SEC) on a pro rata basis,
unless the SEC Restrictions otherwise require or provide or the Investors otherwise agree. No liquidated damages shall accrue as to
any Cut Back Shares until such date as the Company is able to commence the registration of such Cut Back Shares in accordance with
any SEC Restrictions (such date, the Restriction Termination Date of such Cut Back Shares). From and after the
Restriction Termination Date applicable to any Cut Back Shares, all of the provisions of this Section 2 (including the
liquidated damages provisions) shall again be applicable to such Cut Back Shares; provided, however, that (i) the Filing Deadline
for the Registration Statement including such Cut Back Shares shall be ten (10) Business Days after such Restriction Termination
Date, and (ii) the date by which the Company is required to obtain effectiveness with respect to such Cut Back Shares under Section
2(c) shall be the 90th day immediately after the Restriction Termination Date.

3.
Company Obligations. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities
in accordance with the terms hereof, and pursuant thereto the Company will, as expeditiously as possible:

(a)
use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective and to remain continuously effective for
a period that will terminate upon the earlier of (i) the date on which all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement
as amended from time to time, have been sold, and (ii) the date on which all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement
may be sold without any restriction pursuant to Rule 144 (the Effectiveness Period) and (x) advise the Investors
in writing when the Effectiveness Period has expired, and (y) provide the Investors with a copy of the opinion of counsel to the Company
to the Transfer Agent and instructions from the Company to the Transfer Agent to remove the re- sale restrictions imposed by the 1933
Act from the Registrable Securities, both of which will be irrevocable;

(b)
prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as may be
necessary to keep the Registration Statement effective for the Effectiveness Period and to comply with the provisions of the 1933 Act
and the 1934 Act with respect to the distribution of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby;

4

(c)
provide copies to counsel designated by the Investors and permit such counsel to review and provide comments on each Registration Statement
and all amendments and supplements thereto no fewer than two (2) Business Days, in the case of the initial Registration Statement, and
one (1) Business Day, in the case of any amendment or supplement, prior to their filing with the SEC and not file any document to which
such counsel reasonably objects;

(d)
furnish to the Investors and to counsel designated by the Investors (i) promptly after the same is prepared and publicly distributed,
filed with the SEC, or received by the Company (but not later than two (2) Business Days after the filing date, receipt date or sending
date, as the case may be) one (1) copy of any Registration Statement and any amendment thereto, each preliminary prospectus and Prospectus
and each amendment or supplement thereto, and each letter written by or on behalf of the Company to the SEC or the staff of the SEC,
and each item of correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC, in each case relating to such Registration Statement (other than
any portion of any thereof which contains information for which the Company has sought confidential treatment), and (ii) such number
of copies of a Prospectus, including a preliminary prospectus, and all amendments and supplements thereto and such other documents as
each Investor may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such Investor that
are covered by the related Registration Statement;

(e)
use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness and, (ii) if such
order is issued, obtain the withdrawal of any such order at the earliest possible moment;

(f)
prior to any public offering of Registrable Securities, use commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify or cooperate with
the Investors and their counsel in connection with the registration or qualification of such Registrable Securities for offer and sale
under the securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions requested by the Investors and do any and all other commercially reasonable
acts or things necessary or advisable to enable the distribution in such jurisdictions of the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration
Statement; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (i) qualify
to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(f), (ii) subject
itself to general taxation in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be so subject but for this Section 3(f), or (iii)
file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction;

(g)
use commercially reasonable efforts to cause all Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement to be listed on each securities
exchange, interdealer quotation system or other market on which similar securities issued by the Company are then listed;

(h)
immediately notify the Investors, at any time prior to the end of the Effectiveness Period, upon discovery that, or upon the happening
of any event as a result of which, the Prospectus includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing,
and promptly prepare, file with the SEC and furnish to such holder a supplement to or an amendment of such Prospectus as may be necessary
so that such Prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing; and

5

(i)
comply in all material respects with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC under the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act, including,
without limitation, Rule 172 under the 1933 Act, file any final Prospectus, including any supplement or amendment thereof, with the SEC
pursuant to Rule 424 under the 1933 Act, promptly inform the Investors in writing if, at any time during the Effectiveness Period, the
Company does not satisfy the conditions specified in Rule 172 and, as a result thereof, the Investors are required to deliver a Prospectus
in connection with any disposition of Registrable Securities and take such other actions as may be reasonably necessary to facilitate
the registration of the Registrable Securities hereunder; and make available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable,
but not later than the Availability Date (as defined below), an earnings statement covering a period of at least twelve (12) months,
beginning after the effective date of each Registration Statement, which earnings statement shall satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a)
of the 1933 Act, including Rule 158 promulgated thereunder (for the purpose of this Section 3(i), Availability Date
means the 45th day following the end of the fourth fiscal quarter that includes the effective date of such Registration Statement, except
that, if such fourth fiscal quarter is the last quarter of the Companys fiscal year, Availability Date means the
90th day after the end of such fourth fiscal quarter).

(j)
With a view to making available to the Investors the benefits of Rule 144 (or its successor rule) and any other rule or regulation of
the SEC that may at any time permit the Investors to sell shares of Common Stock to the public without registration, the Company covenants
and agrees to: (i) make and keep public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144, until the earlier
of (A) twelve months after such date as all of the Registrable Securities may be sold without restriction by the holders thereof pursuant
to Rule 144 or any other rule of similar effect, or (B) such date as all of the Registrable Securities shall have been resold; (ii) file
with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the 1934 Act; (iii) furnish to each Investor
upon request, as long as such Investor owns any Registrable Securities, (A) a written statement by the Company that it has complied with
the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act, (B) a copy of the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q, and (C) such other information as may be reasonably requested in order to avail such Investor of any rule or regulation
of the SEC that permits the selling of any such Registrable Securities without registration; and (iv) use commercially reasonable efforts
to assist each Investor with the removal of any legends required under Rule 144 under the 1933 Act, including with respect to any opinions
required thereby, provided that the Companys obligations hereunder are subject to the reasonable determination of the Company
and the Companys counsel that any such legend removal complies with the 1933 Act.

4.
Due Diligence Review; Information. Upon written request, the Company shall make available, during normal business hours, for inspection
and review by the Investors, advisors to and representatives of the Investors (who may or may not be affiliated with the Investors and
who are reasonably acceptable to the Company), all financial and other records, all SEC Filings and other filings with the SEC, and all
other corporate documents and properties of the Company as may be reasonably necessary for the purpose of such review, and cause the
Companys officers, directors and employees, within a reasonable time period, to supply all such information reasonably requested
by the Investors or any such representative, advisor or underwriter in connection with such Registration Statement (including, without
limitation, in response to all questions and other inquiries reasonably made or submitted by any of them), prior to and from time to
time after the filing and effectiveness of the Registration Statement for the sole purpose of enabling the Investors and such representatives,
advisors and underwriters and their respective accountants and attorneys to conduct initial and ongoing due diligence with respect to
the Company and the accuracy of such Registration Statement. As a condition to such inspection and review, the Company may require the
Investors to enter into confidentiality agreements.

6

The
Company shall not disclose material nonpublic information to the Investors, or to advisors to or representatives of the Investors, unless
prior to disclosure of such information the Company identifies such information as being material nonpublic information and provides
the Investors, such advisors and representatives with the opportunity to accept or refuse to accept such material nonpublic information
for review and any Investor wishing to obtain such information enters into an appropriate confidentiality agreement with the Company
with respect thereto.

5.Obligations
of the Investors.

(a)
Each Investor shall furnish to the Company a completed and executed Selling Stockholder Questionnaire. The Company shall not be required
to include the Registrable Securities of an Investor in a Registration Statement who fails to furnish to the Company a fully completed
and executed Selling Stockholder Questionnaire at least two (2) Business Days prior to the first anticipated filing date of such Registration
Statement. It is agreed and understood that if an Investor returns a Selling Stockholder Questionnaire after the deadline specified in
the previous sentence, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to take such actions as are required to name such Investor
as a selling security holder in the Registration Statement or any pre-effective or post-effective amendment thereto and to include (to
the extent not theretofore included) in the Registration Statement the Registrable Securities identified in such late Selling Stockholder
Questionnaire; provided that the Company shall not be obligated to file any additional Registration Statements solely for such shares
or to take any action that the Company reasonably concludes would cause the Company to miss the Filing Deadline or the deadline by which
the Registration Statement must be declared effective by the SEC, or otherwise cause other Registrable Securities to be ineligible for
sale.

(b)
Each Investor, by its acceptance of the Registrable Securities agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company
in connection with the preparation and filing of a Registration Statement hereunder, unless such Investor has notified the Company in
writing of its election to exclude all of its Registrable Securities from such Registration Statement.

(c)
Each Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of either (i) the commencement of an Allowed Delay pursuant to
Section 2(c)(ii), or (ii) the happening of an event pursuant to Section 3(h) hereof, such Investor will immediately
discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement covering such Registrable Securities, until
the Investor is advised by the Company that such dispositions may again be made.

7

6.
Indemnification.

(a)
Indemnification by the Company. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless each Investor and its officers, directors, members,
managers, employees and agents, successors and assigns, and each other person, if any, who controls such Investor within the meaning
of the 1933 Act, against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which they may become subject under the 1933
Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon:
(i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission of any material fact contained in any Registration
Statement, any preliminary Prospectus or final Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereof; (ii) any blue sky application or other
document executed by the Company specifically for that purpose or based upon written information furnished by the Company filed in any
state or other jurisdiction in order to qualify any or all of the Registrable Securities under the securities laws thereof (any such
application, document or information herein called a Blue Sky Application); (iii) the omission or alleged omission
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (iv) any violation
by the Company or its agents of any rule or regulation promulgated under the 1933 Act applicable to the Company or its agents and relating
to action or inaction required of the Company in connection with such registration; or (v) any failure to register or qualify the Registrable
Securities included in any such Registration Statement in any state where the Company or its agents has affirmatively undertaken or agreed
in writing that the Company will undertake such registration or qualification on an Investors behalf and will reimburse such Investor,
and each such officer, director or member and each such controlling person upon demand for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred
by them in connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action; provided, however,
that the Company will not be liable in any such case if and to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of
or is based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission so made in conformity with information
furnished by such Investor or any such controlling person in writing specifically for use in such Registration Statement or Prospectus.
For an abundance of clarity, the liquidated damage provisions in Section 2 shall not limit the recovery to which an Investor is entitled
under this Section 6.

(b)
Indemnification by the Investors. Each Investor agrees, severally but not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, the Company, its directors, officers, employees, stockholders and each person who controls the Company (within
the meaning of the 1933 Act) against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expense (including reasonable attorney fees) resulting
from any untrue statement of a material fact or any omission of a material fact required to be stated in the Registration Statement or
Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or amendment or supplement thereto or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, to
the extent, but only to the extent that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information furnished in writing by such
Investor to the Company specifically for inclusion in such Registration Statement or Prospectus or amendment or supplement thereto. In
no event shall the liability of an Investor be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expense paid by such
Investor in connection with any claim relating to this Section 6 and the amount of any damages such Investor has otherwise been
required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or omission) received by such Investor upon the sale of the Registrable Securities
included in the Registration Statement giving rise to such indemnification obligation.

8

(c)
Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings. Any person entitled to indemnification hereunder shall (i) give prompt notice to the indemnifying
party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification, and (ii) permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such
claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party; provided that any person entitled to indemnification hereunder
shall have the right to employ separate counsel and to participate in the defense of such claim, but the fees and expenses of such counsel
shall be at the expense of such person unless (a) the indemnifying party has agreed to pay such fees or expenses, (b) the indemnifying
party shall have failed to assume the defense of such claim and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such person, or (c) in the
reasonable judgment of any such person, based upon written advice of its counsel, a conflict of interest exists or may exist between
such person and the indemnifying party with respect to such claims (in which case, if the person notifies the indemnifying party in writing
that such person elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party, the indemnifying party shall not have the
right to assume the defense of such claim on behalf of such person); and provided, further, that the failure of any indemnified
party to give notice as provided herein shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations hereunder, except to the extent that
such failure to give notice shall materially adversely affect the indemnifying party in the defense of any such claim or litigation.
It is understood that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with any proceeding in the same jurisdiction, be liable for fees
or expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys at any time for all such indemnified parties. No indemnifying party will, except
with the consent of the indemnified party, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement that does not include as an
unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect
of such claim or litigation, and such settlement shall not include any admission as to fault on the part of such indemnified party.

(d)
Contribution. If for any reason the indemnification provided for in the preceding paragraphs (a) and (b) is unavailable to an
indemnified party or insufficient to hold it harmless, other than as expressly specified therein, then the indemnifying party shall contribute
to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability in such proportion as is
appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnified party and the indemnifying party, as well as any other relevant equitable
considerations. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act shall be entitled
to contribution from any person not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. In no event shall the contribution obligation of a holder
of Registrable Securities be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such holder in connection
with any claim relating to this Section 6 and the amount of any damages such holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason
of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission) received by it upon the sale of the Registrable Securities
giving rise to such contribution obligation.

9

7.
Miscellaneous.

(a)
Amendments and Waivers. This Agreement may be amended only by a writing signed by the Company and the Required Investors. The
Company may take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company
shall have obtained the written consent to such amendment, action or omission to act, of the Required Investors. Any amendment to any
provision of this Agreement made in conformity with the provisions of this Section 7. shall
be binding on all Investors, provided that no such amendment shall be effective to the extent that it (1) applies to less than all of
the holders of the Registrable Securities then outstanding, or (2) imposes any obligation or liability on any Investor that adversely
affects its rights hereunder in a manner disproportionate to any adverse effect such amendment would have on the rights of the other
Investors, unless such Investor provides its prior written consent to such amendment (which may be granted or withheld in such Investors
sole discretion). No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party,
provided that the Required Investors may waive any provision of this Agreement, and any waiver of any provision of this Agreement made
in conformity with the provisions of this Section 7. shall be binding on all Investors
provided that no such waiver shall be effective to the extent that it (1) applies to less than all of the holders of the Registrable
Securities then outstanding (unless a party gives a waiver as to itself only), or (2) imposes any obligation or liability on any Investor
that adversely affects its rights hereunder in a manner disproportionate to any adverse effect such waiver would have on the rights of
the other Investors, unless such Investor provides its prior written consent to such waiver (which may be granted or withheld in such
Investors sole discretion).

(b)
Notices. All notices and other communications provided for or permitted hereunder shall be made as set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

(c)
Assignments and Transfers by Investors. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
Investors and their respective successors and assigns and indemnitees. An Investor may transfer or assign, in whole or from time to time
in part, to one or more persons its rights hereunder in connection with the transfer of Registrable Securities by such Investor to such
person, provided that such Investor complies with all laws applicable thereto and provides written notice of assignment to the Company
promptly after such assignment is effected and agrees in writing to be bound by the terms hereof.

(d)
Assignments and Transfers by the Company. This Agreement may not be assigned by the Company (whether by operation of law or otherwise)
without the prior written consent of the Required Investors, provided, however, that in the event that the Company is a party to a merger,
consolidation, share exchange or similar business combination transaction in which the Common Stock is converted into the equity securities
of another Person, from and after the effective time of such transaction, such Person shall, by virtue of such transaction, be deemed
to have assumed the obligations of the Company hereunder, the term Company shall be deemed to refer to such Person and
the term Registrable Securities shall be deemed to include the securities received by the Investors in connection with
such transaction unless such securities are otherwise freely tradable by the Investors after giving effect to such transaction.

(e)
Third Party Beneficiaries. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than the
parties hereto or their respective successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities under or by reason of this
Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement.

10

(f)
Counterparts; Delivery. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original,
but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. A digital reproduction, portable document format (.pdf)
or other reproduction of this Agreement may be executed by one or more parties hereto and delivered by such party by electronic signature
(including signature via DocuSign or similar services), electronic mail or any similar electronic transmission device pursuant
to which the signature of or on behalf of such party can be seen. Such execution and delivery shall be considered valid, binding and
effective for all purposes.

(g)
Titles and Subtitles. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered
in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

(h)
Severability. Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof but shall be
interpreted as if it were written so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, and any such prohibition
or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. To the
extent permitted by applicable law, the parties hereby waive any provision of law which renders any provisions hereof prohibited or unenforceable
in any respect.

(i)
Further Assurances. The parties shall execute and deliver all such further instruments and documents and take all such other actions
as may reasonably be required to carry out the transactions contemplated hereby and to evidence the fulfillment of the agreements herein
contained.

(j)
Entire Agreement. This Agreement is intended by the parties as a final expression of their agreement and intended to be a complete
and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein. This
Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to such subject matter, provided however,
that if any term herein limits in any way the rights of the Investors set forth in the Purchase Agreement, the terms of the Purchase
Agreement shall control.

(k)
Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance
with, the internal laws of the State of New York without regard to the choice of law principles thereof. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York located in New York County (including the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York) for the purpose of any suit, action, proceeding or judgment relating to or arising
out of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Service of process in connection with any such suit, action or proceeding
may be served on each party hereto anywhere in the world by the same methods as are specified for the giving of notices under this Agreement.
Each of the parties hereto irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of any such court in any such suit, action or proceeding and to the
laying of venue in such court. Each party hereto irrevocably waives any objection to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or
proceeding brought in such courts and irrevocably waives any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court
has been brought in an inconvenient forum. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO REQUEST A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION
WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT AND REPRESENTS THAT COUNSEL HAS BEEN CONSULTED SPECIFICALLY AS TO THIS WAIVER.

11

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement or caused their duly authorized officers to execute this Agreement as of the
date first above written.

PERFECT
MOMENT LTD.

By: 

Jane
Gottschalk

President

12

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

INVESTOR

Name of Investor

Signature of Investor or by Authorized Person executing
for Investor

Printed Name:_____________________________________

Title: ___________________________________________

Its: _____________________________________________

(Printed Name of Authorized Person and Title for Person
executing for Investor)

[EXECUTED
SIGNATURE PAGES OF OTHER INVESTORS OMITTED]

13

Exhibit
A

Plan
of Distribution

The
selling stockholders, which as used herein includes donees, pledgees, transferees or other successors-in-interest selling shares of common
stock or interests in shares of common stock received after the date of this prospectus from a selling stockholder as a gift, pledge,
partnership distribution or other transfer, may, from time to time, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of their shares
of common stock or interests in shares of common stock on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded
or in private transactions. These dispositions may be at fixed prices, at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, at prices related
to the prevailing market price, at varying prices determined at the time of sale, or at negotiated prices.

The
selling stockholders may use any one or more of the following methods when disposing of shares or interests therein:

ordinary brokerage transactions
and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers;

block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt
to sell the shares as agent, but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction;

purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale
by the broker-dealer for its account;

an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules
of the applicable exchange;

privately negotiated transactions;

short sales effected after the date the registration
statement of which this Prospectus is a part is declared effective by the SEC;

through the writing or settlement of options, forward
sales or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise;

broker-dealers may agree with the selling stockholders
to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per share; and

a combination of any such methods of sale.

The
selling stockholders may, from time to time, pledge or grant a security interest in some or all of the shares of common stock owned
by them and, if they default in the performance of their secured obligations, the pledgees or secured parties may offer and sell the
shares of common stock, from time to time, under this prospectus, or under an amendment to this prospectus under Rule 424(b)(3) or
other applicable provision of the Securities Act amending the list of selling stockholders to include the pledgee, transferee or
other successors in interest as selling stockholders under this prospectus. The selling stockholders also may transfer the shares of
common stock in other circumstances, in which case the transferees, pledgees or other successors in interest will be the selling
beneficial owners for purposes of this prospectus.

Exhibit A-1

In
connection with the sale of our common stock or interests therein, the selling stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with
broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the common stock in the course of hedging
the positions they assume. The selling stockholders may also sell shares of our common stock short and deliver these securities to close
out their short positions, or loan or pledge the common stock to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The selling stockholders
may also enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or the creation of one or more derivative
securities which require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of shares offered by this prospectus, which
shares such broker-dealer or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect
such transaction).

The
aggregate proceeds to the selling stockholders from the sale of the common stock offered by them will be the purchase price of the common
stock less discounts or commissions, if any. Each of the selling stockholders reserves the right to accept and, together with their agents
from time to time, to reject, in whole or in part, any proposed purchase of common stock to be made directly or through agents. We will
not receive any of the proceeds from this offering.

The
selling stockholders also may resell all or a portion of the shares in open market transactions in reliance upon Rule 144 under the Securities
Act of 1933, provided that they meet the criteria and conform to the requirements of that rule.

The
selling stockholders and any underwriters, broker-dealers or agents that participate in the sale of the common stock or interests therein
may be underwriters within the meaning of Section 2(11) of the Securities Act. Any discounts, commissions, concessions
or profit they earn on any resale of the shares may be underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act. Selling stockholders
who are underwriters within the meaning of Section 2(11) of the Securities Act will be subject to the prospectus delivery
requirements of the Securities Act.

To
the extent required, the shares of our common stock to be sold, the names of the selling stockholders, the respective purchase prices
and public offering prices, the names of any agents, dealer or underwriter, any applicable commissions or discounts with respect to a
particular offer will be set forth in an accompanying prospectus supplement or, if appropriate, a post-effective amendment to the registration
statement that includes this prospectus.

In
order to comply with the securities laws of some states, if applicable, the common stock may be sold in these jurisdictions only through
registered or licensed brokers or dealers. In addition, in some states the common stock may not be sold unless it has been registered
or qualified for sale or an exemption from registration or qualification requirements is available and is complied with.

We
have advised the selling stockholders that the anti-manipulation rules of Regulation M under the Exchange Act may apply to sales of shares
in the market and to the activities of the selling stockholders and their affiliates. In addition, to the extent applicable we will make
copies of this prospectus (as it may be supplemented or amended from time to time) available to the selling stockholders for the purpose
of satisfying the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. The selling stockholders may indemnify any broker-dealer that
participates in transactions involving the sale of the shares against certain liabilities, including liabilities arising under the Securities
Act.

We
have agreed to indemnify the selling stockholders against liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act and state securities
laws, relating to the registration of the shares offered by this prospectus.

We
have agreed with the selling stockholders to keep the registration statement of which this prospectus constitutes a part effective until
the earlier of (1) such time as all of the shares covered by this prospectus have been disposed of pursuant to and in accordance with
the registration statement or (2) the date on which the shares may be sold without restriction pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities
Act.

Exhibit A-2

Exhibit
B

PERFECT
MOMENT LTD.

Selling
Stockholder Questionnaire

The
undersigned beneficial owner of Series AA Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock), of Perfect Moment Ltd. (the Company),
which Preferred Stock is convertible into shares (the Conversion Shares) of common stock, par value $0.0001 per
share (the Common Stock), of the Company, understands that the Company intends to file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission) a registration statement (the Registration Statement) for the registration
and resale under Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act), of the Conversion Shares (the
Registrable Securities), in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement to which this questionnaire
is attached as Exhibit B (the Registration Rights Agreement), among the Company and the Investors named therein.
The purpose of this Questionnaire is to facilitate the filing of the Registration Statement under the 1933 Act that will permit you to
resell the Registrable Securities in the future. The information supplied by you will be used in preparing the Registration Statement.
A copy of the Registration Rights Agreement is available from the Company upon request as follows: Perfect Moment Ltd., 1 Jenner, Suite
200, Irvine, California 92618, Attn: Chief Executive Officer. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
ascribed thereto in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Certain
legal consequences arise from being named as a selling securityholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. Accordingly,
holders and beneficial owners of Registrable Securities are advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding the consequences
of being named or not being named as a selling securityholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus.

This
Questionnaire requests information concerning your beneficial ownership of the securities of the Company. The SEC has defined
beneficial ownership to mean more than ownership in the usual sense. For example, a person has beneficial ownership of
a share not only if he owns it in the usual sense, but also if he has the power (solely or shared) to vote, sell or otherwise dispose
of the share. Beneficial ownership also includes the number of shares that a person has the right to acquire within 60 days of the date
of this Questionnaire, pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants or the conversion of notes, debentures or other indebtedness,
but excludes stock appreciation rights. Two or more persons might count as beneficial owners of the same share.

NOTICE

The
undersigned beneficial owner (the Selling Securityholder) of Registrable Securities hereby elects to include the
Registrable Securities owned by it and listed below in Item 3 (unless otherwise specified under such Item 3) in the Registration Statement.

QUESTIONNAIRE

1.
Name.

(a) Full
Legal Name of Selling Securityholder

(b) Full Legal
Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable Securities Listed in Item 3 below are held:

(c) If the
Selling Securityholder in Item 1(a) is an entity (e.g., a corporation, partnership, LLC, trust, etc.), provide the Full Legal Name
of the natural person(s) who directly or indirectly alone or with others has power to vote or dispose of the Registrable Securities:

2.
Address for Notices to Selling Securityholder:

Telephone:

Fax:

Contact Person:

E-mail
address of Contact Person: _____________________________________________________________________

3.
Beneficial Ownership of Registrable Securities:

(a) Type
and Number of Registrable Securities beneficially owned:

2

4.
Broker-Dealer Status:

(a) Are you a broker-dealer?

Yes
No 

Note: If yes, the Commissions staff has indicated
that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

(b) Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer?

Yes
No 

Note: If yes, provide a narrative explanation below:

(c) If you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you
certify that you bought the Registrable Securities in the ordinary course of business, and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable
Securities to be resold, you had no agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable
Securities?

Yes
No 

Note: If no, the Commissions staff has indicated that
you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

5.
Beneficial Ownership of Other Securities of the Company Owned by the Selling Securityholder.

Except
as set forth below in this Item 5, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company other than
the Registrable Securities listed above in Item 3.

6.
Relationships with the Company:

Except
as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5%
of more of the equity securities of the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship with
the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three years.

State
any exceptions here:

3

7.
Plan of Distribution:

The
undersigned has reviewed the form of Plan of Distribution attached as Exhibit A to the Registration Rights Agreement, and hereby confirms
that, except as set forth below, the information contained therein regarding the undersigned and its plan of distribution is correct
and complete.

State
any exceptions here:

***********

The
undersigned agrees to promptly notify the Company of any inaccuracies or changes in the information provided herein that may occur subsequent
to the date hereof and prior to the effective date of any applicable Registration Statement filed pursuant to the Registration Rights
Agreement.

By
signing below, the undersigned consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 7 and
the inclusion of such information in each Registration Statement filed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement and each related
prospectus. The undersigned understands that such information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or
amendment of any such Registration Statement and the related prospectus.

By
signing below, the undersigned acknowledges that it understands its obligation to comply, and agrees that it will comply, with the provisions
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, particularly Regulation M. The undersigned also acknowledges that it understands
that the answers to this Questionnaire are furnished for use in connection with Registration Statements filed pursuant to the Registration
Rights Agreement and any amendments or supplements thereto filed with the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act.

The
undersigned hereby acknowledges and is advised of the following Commission interpretations regarding short selling:

An
Issuer filed a Form S-3 registration statement for a secondary offering of common stock which is not yet effective. One of the selling
stockholders wanted to do a short sale of common stock against the box and cover the short sale with registered shares
after the effective date. The issuer was advised that the short sale could not be made before the registration statement become effective,
because the shares underlying the short sale are deemed to be sold at the time such sale is made. There would, therefore, be a violation
of Section 5 if the shares were effectively sold prior to the effective date.

By
returning this Questionnaire, the undersigned will be deemed to be aware of the foregoing interpretation.

I
confirm that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, the foregoing statements (including without limitation the answers to this Questionnaire)
are correct.

4

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused this Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person
or by its duly authorized agent.

Dated: Selling
Securityholder: ___________

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PLEASE
RETURN A COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE BY OVERNIGHT MAIL OR ELECTRONIC MAIL, TO:

Perfect
Moment Ltd.

244
5th Ave., Suite 1219

New
York, NY 10001

Attention:
Jane Gottschalk

Email:
jane@perfectmoment.com

WITH
A COPY TO

Manatt,
Phelps & Phillips, LLP

695
Town Center Drive, 14th Floor

Costa
Mesa, CA 92626

Attn:
Thomas J. Poletti, Esq.

E-mail:
tpoletti@manatt.com

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

PLACEMENT
AGENCY AGREEMENT

March
28, 2025

ThinkEquity
LLC

17
State Street, 22nd Floor

New
York, NY 10004

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

Introductory.
This Placement Agency Agreement the (Agreement) sets forth the terms upon which ThinkEquity LLC, (ThinkEquity
or the Placement Agent) shall be engaged by Perfect Moment Ltd., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
to act as the exclusive Placement Agent in connection with the private placement (hereinafter referred to as the Offering)
of securities of the Company, as more fully described below. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the
meaning ascribed to them in the Securities Purchase Agreement (defined below).

The
Offering will consist of an aggregate of up to $10,000,000 shares (the Shares or the Securities)
of the Companys 12.00% Series AA Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock), $0.0001 per share, having
the rights, preferences and privileges set forth in the Certificate of Designation (as defined below) and convertible in to shares of
common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock). Each person desiring to purchase Securities
in the Offering will be required to (i) execute and deliver to the Company a fully completed Securities Purchase Agreement; and (ii)
transmit the full amount of the purchase price of the Securities subscribed for to the Company, in accordance with the following instructions:

For
ACH delivery:

Bank
Routing Number: [____________]

Account
Number: [____________]

Account
Name: [____________]

For
Wire Transfers:

Bank
Routing Number[____________]

SWIFT
Code: [____________]

General
Bank Reference Address: [____________]

Account
Number: [____________]

Account
Name: [____________]

unless
the Company and the Investors agree to wire transfer to a separate account specified in writing between the parties.

The
terms of the Preferred Stock will be set forth in the Certificate of Designation (the Certificate of Designation)
to be filed by the Company with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware as an amendment to the Companys Certificate of
Incorporation. The Securities will be offered and sold to the Investors (as defined below) in the Offering pursuant to the exemption
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission) thereunder (collectively, the Securities Act), in reliance upon
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated by the Commission under the Securities Act (Regulation
D).

The
term of the Placement Agents exclusive engagement hereunder will be until the earlier of (i) June 7, 2025 and (ii) the completion
and consummation of the Offering (the Offering Period). The date on which the engagement terminates as referenced
in the prior sentence shall be referred to as the Termination Date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, the provisions concerning indemnification and contribution contained herein and the Companys obligations contained in
the indemnification provisions will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement, and the Companys obligation to pay
fees actually earned and payable and to reimburse expenses actually incurred and reimbursable pursuant to Section 1 hereof and
which are permitted to be reimbursed under Rule 5110(f)(2)(D) of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA),
will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement. The Company may hold the closing at any time after the conditions to closing
have been satisfied or, where legally permissible, waived (the Closing). Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed
to limit the ability of the Placement Agent or its Affiliates to pursue, investigate, analyze, invest in, or engage in investment banking,
financial advisory or any other business relationship with Persons (as defined below) other than the Company. As used herein (i) Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind and (ii) Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

The
Securities shall be sold to the investors (the Investors) named in the securities purchase agreement to be entered
into by the Company and the Investors on the date hereof (the Securities Purchase Agreement), pursuant to the terms
and subject to the conditions contained in the Securities Purchase Agreement on the Closing Date. As used in this Agreement, (i) the
term Offering Documents means, collectively, this Agreement, the Certificate of Designation, the Securities Purchase
Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Lock-Up Agreements (each as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), and each
of the other agreements and instruments entered into or delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby,
as may be amended from time to time, and (ii) the term Think Investors shall mean those Investors that were introduced
to the Company for purposes of participating in the offering by the Placement Agent and that are purchasing Securities pursuant to the
Securities Purchase Agreement.

The
Company hereby confirms its agreement with the Placement Agent as follows:

Section
1. Agreement to Act as Placement Agent; Placement Agent Compensation.

(a)
On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements of the Company herein contained and in the Securities Purchase Agreement,
and subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement between the Company and the Placement Agent, the Placement Agent is appointed
as the Companys exclusive placement agent during the Offering Period. On the basis of such representations and warranties and
subject to such terms and conditions, the Placement Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the services hereunder
diligently and in good faith and in a professional and businesslike manner and to use its reasonable best efforts to assist the Company
in finding subscribers of the Securities who qualify as accredited investors, as such term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation
D, and to complete the Offering. The Placement Agent has no obligation to purchase any of the Securities. Unless sooner terminated in
accordance with this Agreement, the engagement of the Placement Agent hereunder shall continue until the later of the Termination Date
or the Closing.

(b)
As compensation for services rendered, on the Closing Date, the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent a cash fee (the Cash
Fee) equal to 6.0% of the aggregate purchase price paid by the Think Investors in respect of the Securities at the Closing.
The Cash Fee shall be paid on the Closing. The Company also agrees to reimburse (i) the Placement Agent for all reasonable and out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with the Placement Agents engagement, including reasonable fees and expenses of the Placement
Agents legal counsel and due diligence analysis up to $125,000 which amount shall be paid at the Closing from the gross proceeds
of the sales of the Securities. The Company further agrees that, in addition to the expenses payable pursuant to this Section 1(b), on
the Closing Date it shall pay to the Placement Agent, by deduction from the net proceeds of the Offering contemplated herein, a non-accountable
expense allowance equal to one percent (1%) of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Securities to the Think
Investors.

The
Company will issue to the Placement Agent or its designees of warrants, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Placement
Agent Warrant), to purchase such number of shares of Common Stock equal to 5% of the shares of Common Stock initially issuable
upon conversion in full of Securities purchased by the Think Investors. The Placement Agents Warrant and the Common Stock issuable
upon exercise thereof are hereinafter referred to together as the Placement Agent Securities.

(c)
For the avoidance of doubt, the right of first refusal granted to the Placement Agent pursuant to that certain Underwriting Agreement,
dated February 12, 2024, remains in full force and effect

(d)
The Company hereby acknowledges that (i) the Offering, including the determination of the offering price of the Securities any related
discounts, commissions and fees, shall be an arms-length commercial transaction between the Company and the Investors, (ii) the
Placement Agent will be acting as an independent contractor and will not be the agent or fiduciary of the Company or its shareholders,
creditors, employees, the Investors or any other party, (iii) the Placement Agent shall not assume an advisory or fiduciary responsibility
in favor of the Company (irrespective of whether the Placement Agent has advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters)
and the Placement Agent shall not have any obligation to the Company with respect to the Offering, except as may be set forth expressly
herein, (iv) the Placement Agent and its Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ
from those of the Company and (v) the Placement Agent will not provide any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to
the Offering, and the Company shall consult its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deems appropriate.

(e)
The Company is and will be solely responsible for the contents of any and all written or oral communications provided to the Investors
regarding the Offering or the Securities; and the Company recognizes that the Placement Agent, in acting pursuant to this Agreement,
will be using information provided by the Company and its agents and representatives and the Placement Agent assumes no responsibility
for, and may rely, without independent verification, on the accuracy and completeness of any such information.

(f)
The Company agrees that any information or advice rendered by the Placement Agent or any of its representatives in connection with this
engagement is for the confidential use of the Board of Directors of the Company only and the Company will not, and will not permit any
third party to, disclose or otherwise refer to such advice or information, or to the Placement Agent, in any manner without the Placement
Agents prior written consent.

Section
2. Representations, Warranties and Agreements of the Company.

The
Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Placement Agent as of the date hereof, and as of the date of the Closing, as
follows, except as otherwise disclosed in the Securities Purchase Agreement or the schedules or exhibits thereto:

(a)
Compliance with Applicable Regulations. The Offering Documents have been prepared by the Company in conformity with all applicable
laws and in compliance with Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D and the requirements of all other rules
and regulations of the Commission relating to offerings of the type contemplated by the Offering and the applicable securities laws and
the rules and regulations of those jurisdictions wherein the Placement Agent notifies the Company that the Securities are to be offered
and sold. The Securities will be offered and sold to the Investors in the Offering, and the Placement Agent Securities to be issued to
the Placement Agent in the Offering, in each case pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act
in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D as a transaction not involving a public offering
and the requirements of any other applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws and the respective rules and regulations
thereunder in those United States jurisdictions in which the Placement Agent notifies the Company that the Securities are being offered
for sale. None of the Company, its affiliates, or any person acting on its or their behalf (other than the Placement Agent, its affiliates
or any person acting on its behalf, in respect of which no representation is made) has taken nor will it take any action that conflicts
with the conditions and requirements of, or that would make unavailable with respect to the Offering, the exemption(s) from registration
available pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D, or knows of any reason why any such exemption
would be otherwise unavailable to it. None of the Company, its predecessors or affiliates has been subject to any order, judgment or
decree of any court of competent jurisdiction temporarily, preliminarily or permanently enjoining such person for failing to comply with
Rule 503 of Regulation D. The Company has not, for a period of six months prior to the commencement of the offer and sale of the Securities
sold, offered for sale or solicited any offer to buy any of its securities in a manner that would cause the exemption from registration
set forth in Rule 506 of Regulation D to become unavailable with respect to the offer and sale of the Securities pursuant to the Offering
Documents, and the issuance of the Placement Agent Securities pursuant to this Agreement and the Placement Agent Warrants in the United
States..

(b)
No Material Misstatements or Omissions. The SEC Documents (as defined below) do not and will not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. None of the statements, documents, certificates or other items made, prepared or supplied
by the Company with respect to the Offering and the other transactions contemplated by the Offering Documents contains an untrue statement
of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. There is no fact which the Company has not disclosed in the SEC Documents or the Offering
Documents and of which the Company is aware that materially adversely affects or that could reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the (i) assets, liabilities, results of operations, condition (financial or otherwise), business or business prospects
of the Company or (ii) ability of the Company to fully and timely perform its obligations under this Agreement, Placement Agent Warrants
and the other Offering Documents (a Material Adverse Effect).

(c)
Offering Materials. The Company made available to the Placement Agent copies of its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
with the SEC and any other SEC Documents filed subsequent to the end of the fiscal period covered thereby and the Offering Documents
(collectively, the Disclosure Package). The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the Closing,
any materials in connection with the Offering other than the Disclosure Package.

(d)
Incorporation and SEC Filings. The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under
the laws of the State of Delaware. From January 1, 2022, the Company has timely filed all reports, schedules, forms, proxy statements,
statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (the Exchange Act) (all of the
foregoing filed prior to the date hereof, including without limitation, Current Reports on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Commission),
and all exhibits and appendices included therein, and financial statements, notes and schedules thereto and documents incorporated by
reference therein being hereinafter referred to as the SEC Documents). All such SEC Documents, as at their respective
filing dates, complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act. There has been no action instigated or, to
our knowledge, threatened or otherwise commenced by any applicable regulatory body alleging that, the SEC Documents failed to so comply.

(e)
Corporate Authority.

(i)
The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to conduct its business as presently conducted and as proposed to be conducted
as described in the Disclosure Package, has all the necessary and requisite documents and approvals from any applicable governmental
authorities, has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement, the Placement
Agent Warrants and the other Offering Documents, to issue, sell and deliver the Securities, and to make the representations in this Agreement
and the other Offering Documents accurate and not misleading. Prior to the Closing, this Agreement, the Placement Agent Warrants and
each of the other Offering Documents will have been duly authorized by all necessary action of the Company. This Agreement has been duly
authorized, executed and delivered and constitutes, and the Placement Agent Warrants and each of the other Offering Documents, upon due
execution and delivery, will constitute, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance
with their respective terms (i) except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
or other similar laws now or hereafter in effect related to laws affecting creditors rights generally, including the effect of
statutory and other laws regarding fraudulent conveyances and preferential transfers, and except that no representation is made herein
regarding the enforceability of the Companys obligations to provide indemnification and contribution remedies under the securities
laws and (ii) subject to the limitations imposed by general equitable principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered
in a proceeding at law or in equity).

(ii)
The Certificate of Designation, the proposed form of which has been furnished to the Placement Agent, has been duly authorized by the
Company and will have been duly executed and delivered by the Company and duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
before the Closing Date. The holders of the Preferred Stock will have the rights set forth in the Certificate of Designation upon filing
of the Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.

(f)
Authorization of Securities. The Securities will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable upon payment
of the purchase price therefor to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, and will have the rights,
preferences and priorities set forth in the Companys Articles of Incorporation (including the Certificate of Designation) (as
the same may be amended or restated from time to time, collectively, the Charter). The holders of Securities will
not be subject to personal liability solely by reason of being such holders. The Placement Agent Warrants have been duly authorized and
constitute the valid and binding obligations of the Company to issue the shares of Common Stock upon payment of the exercise price therefor
and are enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms. The shares of Common Stock underlying the Placement Agent Warrants
been duly reserved for issuance and, when issued will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable upon payment
of the purchase price therefor to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Placement Agent Warrants.

(g)
No Conflicts. None of the execution and delivery of or performance by the Company under this Agreement, the Placement Agent Securities
or any of the other Offering Documents or the consummation of the transactions herein or therein contemplated conflicts with or violates,
or will result in the creation or imposition of, any lien, charge or other encumbrance upon any of the assets of the Company under (i)
any agreement or other instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company or its assets may be bound, (ii) any term of
the Charter or Bylaws of the Company, or (iii) any license, permit, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or regulation applicable to
the Company or any of its assets, except in the case of (i) or (iii) above, or could not reasonably be expected to, have
a Material Adverse Effect.

(h)
Consents. The Company is not required to obtain any consent from, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration
with (other than (i) a Form D with the SEC and any other filings as may be required by any state securities agencies, (ii) such as may
be required under applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws, and (iii) a supplemental listing application filing with
the NYSE American LLC, any court, governmental agency or any regulatory or self-regulatory agency or any other person in order for it
to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under, or contemplated by, this Agreement or any of the other Offering Documents,
in each case, in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the
Company is required to obtain at or prior to the Closing shall have been obtained or effected on or prior to the Closing, and the Company
is not aware of any facts or circumstances which might prevent the Company from obtaining or effecting any of the registration, application
or filings contemplated by this Agreement, or the other Offering Documents.

(i)
Litigation. Except as set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement, there is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, hearing, inquiry
or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge
of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any securities of the Company or any of the Companys officers or
directors (in their capacity as such) which is outside of the ordinary course of business or individually or in the aggregate material
to the Company or, if determined adversely to the Company or such officer or director, could reasonably be expected to adversely affect
the Offering or the enforceability of this Agreement or the other Offering Documents.

(j)
Brokers. Except for the Placement Agent, there is no broker, finder or other party that is entitled to receive from the Company
any brokerage or finders fee or other fee or commission as a result of the Offering.

(k)
No Registration Required Under the Securities Act. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Investors
contained in the Securities Purchase Agreement and the compliance of such parties with the agreements set forth therein, it is not necessary,
in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities under the Offering Documents, to register the such offerings, issuances and
sales under the Securities Act or any state securities or Blue Sky laws.

(l)
No Transfer Taxes or Other Fees. There are no transfer taxes or other similar fees or charges under United States law or the laws
of any state or any political subdivision thereof, required to be paid in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the other Offering Documents or the issuance and sale by the Company of the Securities.

(m)
No General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates have engaged, or will engage, directly or indirectly in
any form of general solicitation or general advertising in connection with the Offering of the Securities
(as those terms are used in Regulation D) under the Securities Act or in any manner involving a public offering within the meaning of
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act; and the Company has not entered, and will not enter, into any arrangement or agreement with respect
to the distribution of the Securities, except for the Offering Documents.

(n)
No Integration. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates has directly or indirectly sold, offered for sale, solicited offers
to buy or otherwise negotiated in respect of any security (as defined in the Securities Act) that is, or would be, integrated
with the sale of any of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration of the offering, issuance or sale of any of the
Securities under the Securities Act.

(o)
Patriot Act Compliance. Neither the issuance and sale of the Securities by the Company nor the Companys use of the proceeds
thereof will violate the Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, or any of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States
Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) or any enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto. The
Company is in compliance, in all material respects, with the USA Patriot Act of 2001 (signed into law October 26, 2001).

(p)
No Third Parties. The Company represents to the Placement Agent that the Company has not engaged and is not working with any third
party finder in connection with the Offering or the introduction of the Company to the Placement Agent and the Company agrees not to
engage, work with or pay fees to any third party finder in connection with the Offering or the introduction of the Company to the Placement
Agent. The Company represents and warrants to the Placement Agent that the entry into this Agreement or any other action of the Company
in connection with the Offering will not violate any agreement between the Company and any other broker-dealer.

(q)
No Disqualification Events. Neither the Company nor any Company Related Persons (as defined below) are subject to any of the disqualifications
set forth in Rule 506(d) of Regulation D (each, a Disqualification Event). The Company has exercised reasonable
care to determine whether any Company Related Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Disclosure Package contains a true and
complete description of the matters required to be disclosed with respect to the Company and the Company Related Persons pursuant to
the disclosure requirements of Rule 506(e) of Regulation D, to the extent applicable. As used herein, Company Related Persons
means any predecessor of the Company, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating
in the Offering, any general partner or managing member of the Company, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding
voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, and any promoter (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities
Act) connected with the Company in any capacity. The Company will promptly notify the Placement Agent in writing of (1) any Disqualification
Event relating to any Company Related Person and (2) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event
relating to any Company Related Person.

(r)
Certificates. Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Placement Agent in connection herewith
or in connection with any Offering shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company to the Placement Agent as to the
matters set forth therein.

(s)
Disclosure. The representations and warranties of the Company in Section 3.1 of the Securities Purchase Agreement are true and
correct as of the date of the Closing. For the benefit of the Placement Agent, the Company hereby incorporates by reference all of its
representations and warranties as set forth in Section 3.1 of the Securities Purchase Agreement with the same force and effect as if
specifically set forth herein.

In
addition, for the benefit of the Placement Agent, each of the representations and warranties (together with any related disclosure schedules
thereto) made by the Company to the Investors in the Transaction Documents, is hereby incorporated in this Section 2 by reference
as though fully restated herein, and each is hereby made to, and in favor of, the Placement Agent.

Section
3. Representations, Warranties and Agreements of Placement Agent.

The
Placement Agent hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Company as of the date hereof, and as of the date of the Closing, as
follows:

(a)
Authority. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Placement Agent, and upon due execution and
delivery by the Company, this Agreement will be a valid and binding agreement of the Placement Agent enforceable against it in accordance
with its terms, except as may be limited by principles of public policy and, as to enforceability, subject to applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights from time to time in effect
and subject to general equity principles.

(b)
No Conflict. None of the execution or delivery of or performance by the Placement Agent under this Agreement or any other agreement
or document entered into by the Placement Agent in connection herewith or the consummation of the transactions herein or therein contemplated
conflicts with or violates, any agreement or other instrument to which the Placement Agent is a party or by which its assets may be bound,
or its limited liability company agreement, or any license, permit, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or regulation applicable to
the Placement Agent or any of its assets, except in each case as would not have a material adverse effect on the transactions contemplated
hereby.

(c)
Compliance with FINRA; Regulation D. The Placement Agent is a member in good standing of FINRA and is registered as a broker-dealer
under the Exchange Act, and under the securities acts of each state into which it is making offers or sales of the Securities. The Placement
Agent is in compliance with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission and FINRA, except to the extent that such noncompliance
would not have a material adverse effect on the transactions contemplated hereby. None of the Placement Agent or its affiliates, or any
person acting on behalf of the foregoing (other than the Company or its affiliates or any person acting on its or their behalf, in respect
of which no representation is made) has taken nor will take any action that conflicts with the conditions and requirements of, or that
would make unavailable with respect to the Offering, the exemption(s) from registration available pursuant to Rule 506(b) of Regulation
D or Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, or knows of any reason why any such exemption would be otherwise unavailable to it.

(d)
No Disqualification Event. Neither the Placement Agent nor any of the Placement Agents Related Persons (as defined below) are
subject to any Disqualification Event as of the date hereof. The Placement Agent has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any
Placement Agent Related Person is subject to such a Disqualification Event. As used herein, Placement Agent Related Persons
means any predecessor of the relevant Placement Agent, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Placement
Agent participating in the Offering, any general partner or managing member of the Placement Agent, any beneficial owner of 20% or more
of the Placement Agents outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, and any promoter
(as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Placement Agent in any capacity. The Placement Agent agrees to promptly
notify the Company in writing of (1) any Disqualification Event relating to any Placement Agent Related Person and (2) any event that
would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Placement Agent Related Person.

Section
4. Reserved.

Section
5. Offering and Closing Procedures

(a)
The Company shall cause to be delivered to the Placement Agent copies of the Offering Documents and has consented, and hereby consents,
to the use of such copies for the purposes permitted by the Securities Act and applicable securities laws and in accordance with the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, and hereby authorizes the Placement Agent and its agents and employees to use the Offering Documents
in connection with the offering of the Securities until the earlier of (i) the Termination Date or (ii) the Closing, and no person or
entity is or will be authorized to give any information or make any representations other than those contained in the Disclosure Package
and the Offering Documents or to use any offering materials other than those contained in the Disclosure Package in connection with the
issuance and sale of the Securities, unless the Company first provides the Placement Agent with notification of such information, representations
or offering materials.

(b)
The Company shall make available to the Placement Agent and its representatives such information, including, but not limited to, financial
information, and other information regarding the Company (the Information), as may be reasonably requested in making
a reasonable investigation of the Company and its affairs. The Company shall provide access to the officers, directors, employees, independent
accountants, legal counsel and other advisors and consultants of the Placement Agent as shall be reasonably requested by the Placement
Agent. The Company recognizes and agrees that the Placement Agent (i) will use and rely primarily on the Information and generally available
information from recognized public sources in performing the services contemplated by this Agreement without independently verifying
the Information or such other information, (ii) does not assume responsibility for the accuracy of the Information or such other information,
and (iii) will not make an appraisal of any assets or liabilities owned or controlled by the Company or its market competitors.

(c)
On or prior to the Closing, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Placement Agent the following:

(i) a legal opinion
of Manatt, Phelps, the Companys counsel, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Placement Agent, in form and substance reasonably
acceptable to the Placement Agent;

(ii) at
the time this Agreement is executed, the Placement Agent shall have received cold comfort letter from Weinberg & Company, P.A., the
Companys independent registered public account firm (the Auditor), containing statements and information of the
type customarily included in accountants comfort letters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information
contained or incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference in the Disclosure Package, addressed to the Placement Agent and in form
and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Placement Agent and to the Auditor.

(iii)
on the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received from the Auditor a letter, dated as of the Closing Date to the effect that
the Auditor reaffirms the statements made in the letter furnished pursuant to Section 5(d)(ii), except that the specified date referred
to shall be a date not more than one (1) business day prior to the Closing Date.

(iv)
a certificate of the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of the Company, dated as of the date of the Closing, to the
effect that, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the applicable date, the representations and warranties of the Company
contained herein and in the Securities Purchase Agreement were and are accurate in all material respects, except for such changes as
are contemplated by this Agreement and except as to representations and warranties that were expressly limited to a state of facts
existing at a time prior to the Closing Date, and that, as of the Closing Date, the obligations to be performed by the Company
hereunder on or prior thereto have been fully performed in all material respects.

(v)
a certificate of the Secretary of the Company, dated as of the date of the Closing, certifying to the organizational documents, good
standing in the province of : (i) that each of the Charter and Bylaws is true and complete, has not been modified and is in full
force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Board relating to the Offering are in full force and effect and have not been
modified; (iii) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and the Commission; and
(iv) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such
certificate.

(e)
If all of the conditions set forth elsewhere in this Agreement and in the Securities Purchase Agreement are fulfilled or, where legally
permissible, waived by the applicable party, a Closing shall be held promptly with respect to the Securities sold in the Offering. Delivery
of payment for the Securities will be made at the Closing against delivery of the Securities sold by the Company.

Section
6. Further Covenants of the Company.

The
Company further covenants to and agrees with the Placement Agent as follows:

(a)
Representations and Warranties True and Correct. Except upon prior written notice to the Placement Agent, the Company shall not,
at any time prior to the Closing, knowingly take any action that would cause any of the representations and warranties made by it in
this Agreement not to be complete and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of the Closing (the Closing Date)
with the same force and effect as if such representations and warranties had been made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the extent
any such representation or warranty expressly speaks of an earlier date or time, in which case such representation or warranty shall
be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date or time, as applicable).

(b)
Blue Sky Compliance. The Company will cooperate with the Placement Agent and the Investors in endeavoring to qualify the Securities
for sale under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions (United States and foreign) as the Placement Agent
and the Investors may reasonably request and will make such applications, file such documents, pay such fees and furnish such information
as may be reasonably required for that purpose, provided the Company shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to
file a general consent to service of process in any jurisdiction where it is not now so qualified or required to file such a consent.
The Company will, from time to time, prepare and file such statements, reports and other documents as are or may be required to continue
such qualifications in effect for so long a period as the Placement Agent may reasonably request with respect to the Offering. All such
filings under applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws related to this Offering shall be prepared by the Companys
counsel at the Companys expense, with copies of all filings to be promptly forwarded to the Placement Agent and its counsel. The
Company shall comply with the Securities Act, all applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws and the rules and regulations
thereunder in the states in which the Placement Agent may reasonably request with respect to the Offering so as to permit the continuance
of the sales of the Securities, and will file or cause to be filed with the Commission no later than 15 days after the commencement of
the sale of Securities, and shall promptly thereafter forward or cause to be forwarded to the Placement Agent, any and all Notice of
Sales of Securities on Form D and shall file all amendments thereto with the Commission as may be required. Copies of all Form D and
all amendments thereto shall be provided to the Placement Agent.

(c)
Amendments and Supplements to the Disclosure Package. If, at any time prior to the Closing, any event shall occur or condition
exist as a result of which it is necessary to amend or supplement the information or documents, or other information in the Disclosure
Package in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances when the Disclosure Package is delivered to an Investor,
not misleading, or if it is otherwise necessary to amend or supplement any portion of the Disclosure Package to comply with the Securities
Act or any other applicable law, then the Company agrees to promptly prepare and furnish at its own expense to the Placement Agent, amendments
or supplements to the Disclosure Package so that the statements therein as so amended or supplemented will not, in the light of the circumstances
when the Disclosure Package is delivered to an Investor, be misleading or so that the Disclosure Package, as amended or supplemented,
will comply with the Securities Act and other applicable law. Neither the Placement Agents consent to, nor delivery of, any such
amendment or supplement shall constitute a waiver of any of the Companys obligations under this Section 6(c). The Company
agrees to furnish to the Placement Agent and counsel to the Placement Agent, without charge, as soon as available, as many copies of
any amendments and supplements to the Disclosure Package as the Placement Agent or its counsel may request. The Company shall not at
any time before the Closing prepare or use any amendment or supplement to the Disclosure Package with respect to which the Placement
Agent has not been previously advised and furnished with a copy, or that is not in compliance with the Securities Act and other applicable
law. As soon as the Company is advised thereof, the Company shall advise the Placement Agent and its counsel, and confirm the advice
in writing, of any order preventing or suspending the use of the Disclosure Package, or the suspension of or exemption for such qualification
or registration thereof for offering in any jurisdiction, or of the institution or threatened institution of any proceedings for any
of such purposes, and the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such order and, if issued, to obtain
as soon as reasonably possible the lifting thereof.

(d)
Marketing. The Company shall participate, and cause its officers and representatives to participate, in the Offering as reasonably
requested by the Placement Agent, including in the marketing of the Securities and meeting with prospective Investors, and afford prospective
Investors the opportunity to conduct customary due diligence and make inquiries relevant to their investment decisions regarding the
Securities.

(e)
Use of Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities sold by it in the manner to be described
under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Offering Documents.

(f)
Legends. The Company shall place a legend, upon conversion or exercise, as applicable, on certificates representing the Securities,
that the offering, issuance, sale or resale of the securities evidenced thereby has not been registered under the Securities Act or applicable
state securities or Blue Sky laws, setting forth or referring to the applicable restrictions on transferability and sale
of such securities under the Securities Act and applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws.

(g)
No Requirement to Register as an Investment Company. The Company shall not invest, or otherwise use the proceeds received by the
Company from its sale of the Securities in such a manner as would require the Company to register as an investment company under the
Investment Company Act.

(h)
Compliance with Rule 502(d). The Company will exercise reasonable care to assure that no Investor is an underwriter
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act and, without limiting the foregoing, that such purchases will comply with
Rule 502(d) under the Securities Act.

(i)
Conduct of Business. The Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, at any time prior to the
earlier of the Closing or the Termination Date, except as contemplated by the Disclosure Package, (i) engage in or commit to engage in
any transaction outside the ordinary course of business as described in the Disclosure Package, (ii) issue, agree to issue or set aside
for issuance any securities (debt or equity) or any rights to acquire any such securities, (iii) incur, outside the ordinary course of
business, any material indebtedness or obligation, direct or contingent, (iv) dispose of any material assets, or (v) change its business
or operations.

(j)
No Stabilization or Manipulation. Neither the Company nor any of its officers, directors or Affiliates has taken or will take,
directly or indirectly, any action designed or intended to stabilize or manipulate the price of any security of the Company, or that
caused or resulted in, or that might in the future reasonably be expected to cause or result in, stabilization or manipulation of the
price of any security of the Company.

(k)
Additional Documents. In addition to the Offering Documents, the Company will execute and deliver any other customary agreements,
documents, certificates and instruments as the Placement Agent or the Investors deem necessary or appropriate to consummate the Offering,
all of which will be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent and the Investor. The Company agrees that the
Placement Agent may rely upon, and is a third party beneficiary of, the representation and warranties (together with any related disclosure
schedules thereto) and applicable covenants set forth in the Transaction Documents to be executed and delivered by the Company at the
Closing and any other agreements, documents, legal opinions, certificates and instruments executed and delivered by the Company or otherwise
in connection with the Offering.

Section
7. Conditions to the Obligations of the Placement Agent.

The
obligation of the Placement Agent hereunder shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties on the part of the
Company set forth in Section 2 as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date as though then made, to the timely performance
by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder on and as of such dates, and to the satisfaction or, where legally permissible,
the waiver, of each of the following additional conditions:

(a)
Corporate Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form and validity of the
Offering Documents, the Securities, and all other legal matters relating to the offering, issuance and sale, as applicable, of the Securities
and the other transactions contemplated hereby and under the Offering Documents shall be reasonably satisfactory in all material respects
to the Placement Agent; and the Company shall have furnished to the counsel to the Placement Agent, all documents and information that
it may reasonably request to enable them to pass upon such matters, including a Secretarys Certificate, if requested.

(b)
Consents and Approvals. On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall have obtained all consents, waivers and approvals required
to be obtained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(c)
Disclosure Package. The Disclosure Package did not, does not and, as of the date of any amendment or supplement thereto, will
not, include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No order enjoining the Offering or the issuance and sale of
the Securities shall have been issued, and no proceedings for that purpose or a similar purpose shall have been initiated or pending,
or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened.

(d)
No Material Adverse Effect. Subsequent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, there shall
not have occurred any change, event or development resulting or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
which, in the Placement Agents sole judgment, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the Offering.

(e)
Offering Documents. Each of the Offering Documents shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent
and shall have been duly executed and delivered by the Company and the other parties thereto, and the Securities shall have been duly
issued, executed (as applicable) and delivered by the Company.

(f)
Certificate of Designation. The Certificate of Designation shall have been filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
and become effective and the Company shall have delivered evidence of such filing and effectiveness to the Placement Agent in form and
substance satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

(g)
Placement Agent Compensation. The Cash Fee and Placement Agent Warrants and reimbursement of expenses calculated in the manner
provided in Section 1(b) of this Agreement shall have been paid to the Placement Agent by wire transfer of immediately available
funds to an account specified by the Placement Agent to the Company prior to the Closing.

(h)
Additional Documents. On or before the Closing Date, the Placement Agent and counsel for the Placement Agent shall have received
such information and documents as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of
the Securities as contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction
of any of the conditions or agreements, herein contained.

If
any condition specified in this Section 7 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated
by the Placement Agent by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability
on the part of any party to any other party, except that Section 1(b), Section 2, Section 8 and Section 9
shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination.

Section
8. Indemnification and Contribution.

(a)
Indemnification of the Placement Agent. In consideration of the Placement Agents execution and delivery of, and the performance
of its obligations under, this Agreement, and in addition to all of the Companys other obligations under the Offering Documents,
the Company shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Placement Agent, each of its Affiliates, each Person, if any, who controls
the Placement Agent or any of its Affiliates within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act,
and each of its and its directors, officers, partners, members, shareholders, direct or indirect investors, employees, representatives
and agents (including, without limitation, those attorneys and other agents retained by Placement Agent or any such other Person in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Offering Documents) (collectively, the Placement Agent Indemnified
Parties, and each a Placement Agent Indemnified Party), from and against any and all claims, actions,
causes of action, suits, proceedings (including, without limitation, as a party in interest or otherwise in any action or proceeding
for injunctive or other equitable relief), including, without limitation, any and all derivative actions brought on behalf of the Company
or any majority or wholly owned subsidiary (each, a Subsidiary), and any and all civil, criminal or regulatory investigations,
whether formal or informal, to which any Placement Agent Indemnified Party may become subject (irrespective of whether any such Placement
Agent Indemnified Party is a party, threatened to be made a party, or a witness to the claim, action, cause of action, suit, proceeding
or investigation for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and all damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including the reasonable
fees and expenses of counsel) incurred by any Placement Agent Indemnified Party (including, without limitation, in settlement of any
claim, action, cause of action, suit, proceeding or investigation), in each case as incurred (collectively, a Claim),
as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (i) any misrepresentation, inaccuracy or breach of any representation or warranty made
by the Company or any Subsidiary in this Agreement or in any of the other Offering Documents, (ii) any breach of any covenant, agreement
or obligation of the Company or any Subsidiary contained in this Agreement or in any of the other Offering Documents, (iii) the execution,
delivery, performance or enforcement of this Agreement or any of the other Offering Documents, (iv) any transaction financed or to be
financed in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the Securities, (v) any untrue statement or
alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any SEC Document or in any Offering Document, or any amendment thereto, or the
omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, (vi) the status of such Placement Agent Indemnified Party
as a holder of any of the Securities, or as a party (or agent or attorney of such party) to this Agreement or any of the other Offering
Documents, (vii) any act or failure to act by any Placement Agent Indemnified Party in connection with, or relating in any manner to,
the Securities, the Offering or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other Offering Documents, provided
that the Company shall not be liable under this clause (vii) to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction shall have determined
by a final, non-appealable judgment that such claim, action, cause of action, suit, proceeding, investigation, damage, loss, liability
or expense resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Placement Agent Indemnified Party; and to reimburse
such Placement Agent Indemnified Party for any and all expenses (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by
such Placement Agent Indemnified Party) incurred by such Placement Agent Indemnified Party in connection with investigating, defending,
settling, compromising or paying any such claim, action, cause of action, suit, proceeding, investigation, damage, loss, liability or
expense. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make the
maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the indemnified liabilities which is permissible under applicable law
as provided in Section 8(d).

(b)
Notifications and Other Indemnification Procedures. Promptly after receipt by a Placement Agent Indemnified Party under this Section
8 of notice of the commencement of any action, such Placement Agent Indemnified Party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be
made against the Company under this Section 8, notify the Company in writing of the commencement thereof, but the omission so
to notify the Company will not relieve it from any liability that it may have to any Placement Agent Indemnified Party for contribution
to the extent it is not prejudiced as a proximate result of such failure. In case any such action is brought against any Placement Agent
Indemnified Party and the such Placement Agent Indemnified Party seeks or intends to seek indemnity from the Company, the Company shall
assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Placement Agent Indemnified Party; provided, however,
if the defendants in any such action include both the Placement Agent Indemnified Party and the Company, and the Placement Agent Indemnified
Party shall have reasonably concluded on the advice of its counsel that a conflict may arise between the positions of the Company and
the Placement Agent Indemnified Party in conducting the defense of any such action or that there may be legal defenses available to it
and/or other Placement Agent Indemnified Parties that are different from or additional to those available to the Company, such Placement
Agent Indemnified Party or Placement Agent Indemnified Parties shall have the right to select separate counsel to assume such legal defenses
and to otherwise participate in the defense of such action on behalf of such Placement Agent Indemnified Party or Placement Agent Indemnified
Parties. Upon receipt of notice from the Company to the Placement Agent Indemnified Party of the Companys assumption the defense
of such action and approval by such Placement Agent Indemnified Party of counsel, the Company will not be liable to such Placement Agent
Indemnified Party under this Section 8 for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such Placement Agent Indemnified
Party in connection with the defense thereof unless: (i) the Placement Agent Indemnified Party shall have employed separate counsel in
accordance with the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence (it being understood, however, that the Company shall not be liable
for the expenses of more than one separate counsel (together with local counsel), approved by the Company), representing the Placement
Agent Indemnified Parties who are parties to such action; (ii) the Company shall not have employed counsel satisfactory to the Placement
Agent Indemnified Party to represent the Placement Agent Indemnified Party within a reasonable time after notice of commencement of the
action; or (iii) the Company has authorized the employment of counsel for the Placement Agent Indemnified Party at the expense of the
Company, in each of which cases the fees and expenses of counsel shall be at the expense of the Company.

(c)
Settlements. The Company shall not be liable under this Section 8 for any settlement of any proceeding effected without
its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably conditioned, withheld or delayed, but if settled with such consent or if
there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the Company agrees to indemnify the applicable Placement Agent Indemnified Party or Placement
Agent Indemnified Parties against any claim, action, cause of action, suit, proceeding, investigation, damage, loss, liability or expense
by reason of such settlement or judgment. The Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent Indemnified
Party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of judgment in any pending or threatened action, suit or proceeding
in respect of which any Placement Agent Indemnified Party is or could have been a party and indemnity was or could have been sought hereunder
by such Placement Agent Indemnified Party, unless such settlement, compromise or consent includes: (i) an unconditional release of such
Placement Agent Indemnified Party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such action, suit or proceeding; and (ii)
does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any Placement Agent Indemnified
Party.

(d)
Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in this Section 8 is unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless
a Placement Agent Indemnified Party under Section 8(a) above in respect of any claim, action, cause of action, suit, proceeding,
investigation, damage, loss, liability or expense, then the Company shall contribute to the aggregate amount paid or payable by such
Placement Agent Indemnified Party in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the
one hand, and such Placement Agent Indemnified Party, on the other, from the Offering. If, however, the allocation provided by the immediately
preceding sentence is not permitted by applicable law then the Company shall contribute to such amount paid or payable by such Placement
Agent Indemnified Party in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault of
the Company, on the one hand, and such Placement Agent Indemnified Party, on the other, in connection with the actions or omissions which
resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions or proceedings in respect thereof), as well as any other relevant
equitable considerations. The relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the parties relative intent,
knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action or omission.

The
Company and Placement Agent agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 8(d) were
determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations
referred to above in this Section 8(d). The amount paid or payable by a Placement Agent Indemnified Party as a result of the losses,
claims, damages or liabilities (or actions or proceedings in respect thereof) referred to above in this Section 8(d) shall be
deemed to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Placement Agent Indemnified Party in connection with investigating
or defending any such claim, action, cause of action, suit, proceeding or investigation. Notwithstanding the provisions of this subsection
(d): (i) the Placement Agent shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount of the Cash Fee actually received
by Placement Agent pursuant to this Agreement; and (ii) no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section
11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

(e)
Timing of Any Payments of Indemnification. Any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses for which a Placement Agent Indemnified
Party is entitled to indemnification or contribution under this Section 8 shall be paid by the Company to the Placement Agent
Indemnified Party as such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are incurred, but in all cases, no later than fifteen (15)
days of invoice to the Company.

(f)
Acknowledgements of Parties. The parties to this Agreement hereby acknowledge that they are sophisticated business persons who
were represented by counsel during the negotiations regarding the provisions hereof including, without limitation, the provisions of
this Section 8, and are fully informed regarding said provisions. They further acknowledge that the provisions of this Section
8 fairly allocate the risks in light of the ability of the parties to investigate the Company and its business in order to assure
that adequate disclosure is made in the Disclosure Package.

Section
9. Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery.

The
respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries set forth
in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless of: (i) any investigation made by or on behalf
of any Placement Agent Indemnified Party or any of their respective representatives or agents; (ii) acceptance of any Securities and
payment therefor; and (iii) any termination of this Agreement or expiration of the Offering Period. A successor to any Placement Agent
Indemnified Party shall be entitled to the benefits of the indemnity, contribution and reimbursement agreements contained in Section
8.

Section
10. Notices.

All
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed (registered or certified mail, return receipt requested), personally
delivered or sent by electronic mail transmission and confirmed and shall be deemed given when so delivered and confirmed or if mailed,
two (2) days after such mailing as follows:

If
to Placement Agent:

ThinkEquity
LLC

17
State Street, 41st Floor

New
York, NY 10004

Attn:
Head of Investment Banking

Email:
Notices@think-equity.com

With
a copy to (which copy shall not constitute notice):

Sichenzia
Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185
Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor

New
York, NY 10036

Attention:
Mr. Barrett DiPaolo

Email:
bdipaolo@srfc.law

If
to the Company:

Perfect
Moment Ltd.

307
Canalot Studios

222
Kensal Road

Attention:
Max Gottschalk Email: Max@perfectmoment.com

With
a copy to (which copy shall not constitute notice):

Manatt,
Phelps & Phillips LLP

695
Town Center Drive, 14th Floor

Costa
Mesa, CA 92626

Attn:
Thomas J. Poletti

Email:
TPoletti@manatt.com

Any
party hereto may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others.

Section
11. Successors.

This
Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and to the benefit of the Placement Agent Indemnified
Parties (or any of their respective successors) referred to in Section 8, and to their respective successors, and personal representatives,
and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder.

Section
12. Partial Unenforceability.

The
invalidity or unenforceability of any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined
to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to
make it valid and enforceable.

Section
13. Governing Law Provisions.

(a)
Governing Law. This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the state of New York
applicable to agreements made and to be performed in such state.

(b)
Consent to Jurisdiction. Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby may be instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America located in New York, New York, or the courts
of the State of New York in each case located in the Borough of Manhattan (collectively, the Specified Courts),
and each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction (except for proceedings instituted in regard to the enforcement of a
judgment of any such court, as to which such jurisdiction is non-exclusive) of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. Service
of any process, summons, notice or document by mail to such partys address set forth above shall be effective service of process
for any suit, action or other proceeding brought in any such court. The parties irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to
the laying of venue of any suit, action or other proceeding in the Specified Courts and irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree
not to plead or claim in any such court that any such suit, action or other proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in
an inconvenient forum. EACH OF THE PLACEMENT AGENT AND THE COMPANY HEREBY WAIVES (ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW,
ON BEHALF OF ITS RESPECTIVE EQUITY HOLDERS AND CREDITORS) ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIM BASED UPON,
ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE OFFERING).

Section
14. General Provisions.

As
used in this Agreement, $ refers to U.S. dollars.

This
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous
oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to this Offering. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts,
each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This
Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied)
may be waived unless waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. Section headings herein are for the convenience
of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

[Signature
Page Follows]

If
the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign and return to the Company the enclosed copies hereof,
whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms.

Very truly yours,

PERFECT MOMENT LTD..

By: /s/ Max Gottschalk

Name: Max Gottschalk

Title: Chairman

The
foregoing Placement Agency Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted by the Placement Agent as of the date first above written.

THINKEQUITY
LLC

By: /s/ Eric Lord 

Name: Eric
Lord 

Title: Head
of Investment Banking 

[Signature
Page to Placement Agency Agreement]

EXHIBIT
A 

Form
of Placement Agent Warrant
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Perfect
Moment Announces $6.4 Million Series AA Convertible Preferred Stock Private Placement

New
Capital Supports Strategic Growth; Company Eliminates All Convertible Debt

LONDONApril
1, 2025Perfect Moment Ltd. (NYSE American: PMNT) (Perfect Moment or the Company), the high-performance
luxury skiwear and lifestyle brand, today announced that it has closed a private placement financing of approximately $6.4 million of
its newly created 12% Series AA Convertible Preferred Stock. The 1,723,989 shares of Series AA Convertible Preferred Stock are convertible
into shares of common stock at a fixed price of $1.1601 per common share.

Participants
in the offering include Max Gottschalk, co-founder and chairman of Perfect Moment, who personally invested $2.0 million, reflecting his
continued confidence in the companys new leadership team and long-term growth strategy. Other investors include institutional
investors as well as Kahala19, LLC, who invested a further $2.0 million in the new offering. Kahala also converted its previously issued
$2.0 million convertible promissory note into common stock at its original $1.00 per share conversion price. As a result of the conversion,
Perfect Moment has eliminated all convertible debt outstanding.

The
Company intends to use the net proceeds to support strategic growth initiatives, working capital, and general corporate purposes.

ThinkEquity
LLC acted as placement agent in connection with the private placement. Manatt, Phelps & Phillips, LLP represented the Company and
Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP represented the placement agent.

Strategic
and Operational Momentum

The
investment follows the recent appointment of a new executive leadership teamcomprising seasoned operators from Canada Gooseunderscoring
investor conviction in Perfect Moments long-term strategic direction. In a short time, the new team has launched a comprehensive
transformation program focused on operational efficiency, sustainable growth, and brand elevation.

Key
initiatives already underway include structural cost reductions across the supply chain and corporate functions, enhanced gross margin
discipline through improved sourcing and pricing strategies, and more agile inventory and channel management. These efforts are delivering
tangible results while building a scalable foundation for growth.

At
the same time, the organization is doubling down on its brand-building agenda. With strong alignment between creative and commercial
functions, Perfect Moment is focused on expanding its product architecture, accelerating global omnichannel reach, and deepening engagement
with its customer base.

This
is a defining moment for the brand, said Perfect Moments President and Chief Creative Officer, Jane Gottschalk. Weve
always had a clear visionto create technically beautiful pieces that merge performance with fashion, and speak to a lifestyle
thats bold, active, and expressive. Now, with the right leadership team and infrastructure in place, we believe we finally have
the platform to scale that vision globally. Its incredibly energizing to see the business and brand aligning with such momentum.

Key
Terms of the Offering

Each
share of Series AA Preferred Stock is convertible into five shares of the Companys common stock at the option of the investor,
at an initial conversion price of $1.1601 per share, subject to customary adjustments.

Beginning
six months after the closing date, the Company may require conversion of the Preferred Stock if its common stock trades above 200% of
the then conversion price, with average daily volume exceeding 200,000 shares for 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days, subject to certain
conditions.

The
Series AA Preferred Stock will pay cumulative cash dividends on each share of Series AA Preferred Stock at an annual rate of 12.00% and
is not redeemable. The Series AA Preferred Stock is non-voting, except as required by applicable law.

The
Company has agreed to file a resale registration statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission covering the resale of the
shares of common stock underlying the Series AA Preferred Stock.

Please
refer to the Companys forthcoming Current Report on Form 8-K for the complete terms of the transaction, which is filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission and made available at www.sec.gov.

Securities
Law Disclosure

The
securities sold in the private placement have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), or any state securities laws, and are being issued and sold in reliance upon exemptions from registration under Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D. These securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration
or an applicable exemption from registration under the Securities Act.

This
press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale
of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful.

About
Perfect Moment LTD.

Perfect
Moment is a high-performance luxury skiwear and lifestyle brand that blends technical excellence with fashion-forward designs, creating
pieces that effortlessly transition from the slopes to the city, the beach, and beyond.

The
brand was born in 1984 in the mountains of Chamonix, France, relaunched by Max and Jane Gottschalk in 2012, and acquired by the company
in 2017 and 2018. Initially the vision of extreme sports filmmaker and professional skier Thierry Donard, the brand has been built on
a sense of adventure which it has sustained for more than 20 years. Fueled by his personal experiences, Donard was driven by a desire
to create pieces that offered quality, style and performance, pushing the wearer in the pursuit of every athletes dream: to experience
The Perfect Moment.

In
2012, British-Swiss entrepreneurial couple Jane and Max Gottschalk took ownership of the brand. Under Janes creative direction
Perfect Moment was injected with a new style focus, one that reignited the spirit of the heritage brand, along with a commitment to improving
fit, performance and the use of best-in-class functional materials. As such, the designs evolved into distinct statement pieces synonymous
with the brand as we know it today.

Today,
the brand is available globally, online and at major retailers, including MyTheresa, Net-a-Porter, Harrods, Selfridges, Saks, Bergdorf
Goodman and Neiman Marcus.

Perfect
Moments global luxury ski apparel market is expected to reach $1.7 billion in 2024 and grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR)
of 6.2% through 2033, according to Business Research Insights. Its expanding market for luxury outerwear is expected to reach $17.9 billion
in 2024 and grow at a 6.7% CAGR through 2033, reports Business Research Insights.

Learn
more at www.perfectmoment.com.

Forward-looking
Statements

This
release contains forward-looking statements that relate to expectations or forecasts of future events. Forward-looking statements may
be identified by the use of words such as expect, anticipate, believe, may, will
and other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. Such
forward-looking statements include statements relating to our use of proceeds from the transaction. Forward-looking statements are based
on current expectations that are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results or outcomes to
differ materially from expectations expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited
to, risks and uncertainties described in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Item 1A (Risk
Factors) of the Companys Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2024 and its subsequently filed periodic reports. You are cautioned
not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Although it may voluntarily do
so from time to time, the Company undertakes no commitment to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable securities laws.

Contacts

Company
Contact

Julie
Robinson, Brand Director

Perfect
Moment

Tel
+44 7595178702

Email
contact

Investor
Contact

Ronald
Both or Grant Stude

CMA
Investor Relations

Tel (949) 432-7566

Email
contact
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>pmnt-20250328.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>pmnt-20250328_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>pmnt-20250328_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 28, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --03-31

Entity File Number 001-41930

Entity Registrant Name PERFECT
MOMENT LTD.

Entity Central Index Key 0001849221

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-1437114

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 244
5th

Entity Address, Address Line Two Ave
Ste 1219

Entity Address, City or Town New
York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10001

City Area Code 315

Local Phone Number 615-6156

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol PMNT

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
25 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://perfectmoment.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
pmnt-20250328.xsd 
pmnt-20250328_lab.xml 
pmnt-20250328_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-002258-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001849221 

2025-03-28 
2025-03-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--03-31 
0001849221 
8-K 
2025-03-28 
PERFECT MOMENT LTD. 
DE 
001-41930 
86-1437114 
244 5th 
Ave Ste 1219 
New York 
NY 
10001 
315 
615-6156 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
PMNT 
NYSEAMER 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>