<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-005542.txt : 20250122
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-005542.hdr.sgml : 20250122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250122164909
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-005542
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250116
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Franklin BSP Capital Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001825248
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01360
		FILM NUMBER:		25546502

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1600
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 588-6700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1600
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Franklin BSP Capital L.L.C.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200917
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0228139-8k_frank.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000182524800018252482025-01-162025-01-160001825248dei:FormerAddressMember2025-01-162025-01-16iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 16, 2025

Franklin BSP Capital Corporation

(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter)

Delaware 814-01360 85-2950084

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

One Madison Avenue, Suite 1600

New York, New York 10010

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (212) 588-6770

9 West 57th Street, Suite
4920, New York, NY10019

(Former Name or Former
Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

None N/A N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On January 16, 2025, Franklin BSP Capital Corporation
(the Company) amended and restated its revolving credit facility, dated as of December 8, 2023 (the Existing
Credit Facility), with the lenders parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (JPMorgan), as administrative agent
and as collateral agent, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (Sumitomo) and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as syndication
agents, and JPMorgan, Sumitomo and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC as joint bookrunners and joint lead arrangers (such second amended and
restated agreement, the Second A&R Credit Facility).

The Second A&R Credit Facility, among other
things, increases the aggregate amount of the lenders commitments to $780.0 million and includes an accordion provision to permit
increases to the aggregate amount to an amount of up to $1.17 billion, extends the period for borrowings under the Second A&R Credit
Facility through January 16, 2029 and extends the maturity date for any amounts borrowed under the Second A&R Credit Facility to January
16, 2030. The other material terms of the Existing Credit Facility were unchanged. The Company agreed to pay administrative agent
fees and incurred other customary costs and expenses in connection with the Second A&R Credit Facility.

The foregoing description of the Second A&R
Credit Facility in this Item 1.01 is a summary only and is qualified in all respects by the provisions of the Second A&R Credit Facility,
a copy of which is filed herewith.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation
or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this
current report on Form 8-K is hereby incorporated in this Item 2.03 by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits:

Exhibit Number Description 

10.1 Second Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Agreement, dated as of January 16, 2025, among Franklin BSP Capital Corporation, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, and MUFG Bank, Ltd. as syndication agents, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, and MUFG Bank, Ltd. as Joint Bookrunner and Joint Lead Arrangers.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

FRANKLIN BSP CAPITAL CORPORATION

Date: January 22, 2025 By: /s/ Nina K. Baryski

Name: Nina K. Baryski

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022813901ex10-1_frank.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED SENIOR SECURED CREDIT AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 16, 2025, AMONG FRANKLIN BSP CAPITAL CORPORATION
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTION VERSION

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED SENIOR SECURED CREDIT
AGREEMENT

dated as of

January 16, 2025

between

FRANKLIN BSP CAPITAL CORPORATION

The LENDERS Party Hereto

and

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.

as Administrative Agent

$780,000,000

__________________

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION and

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC

as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Article
I 

DEFINITIONS 

Section
1.01. Defined
Terms 1

Section
1.02. Classification
of Loans and Borrowings 38

Section
1.03. Terms
Generally 38

Section
1.04. Accounting
Terms; GAAP 38

Section
1.05. Benchmark
Notification 39

Section
1.06. Divisions 39

Article
II 

THE
CREDITS 

Section
2.01. The
Commitments 40

Section
2.02. Loans
and Borrowings 40

Section
2.03. Requests
for Borrowings 41

Section
2.04. Letters
of Credit 42

Section
2.05. Funding
of Borrowings 46

Section
2.06. Interest
Elections 47

Section
2.07. Termination,
Reduction or Increase of the Commitments 48

Section
2.08. Repayment
of Loans; Evidence of Debt 51

Section
2.09. Prepayment
of Loans 52

Section
2.10. Fees 56

Section
2.11. Interest 57

Section
2.12. Alternate
Rate of Interest 58

Section
2.13. Increased
Costs 61

Section
2.14. Break
Funding Payments 62

Section
2.15. Taxes 62

Section
2.16. Payments
Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs 66

Section
2.17. Defaulting
Lenders 67

Section
2.18. Mitigation
Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 68

Section
2.19. Illegality 69

Article
III 

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES 

Section
3.01. Organization;
Powers 70

Section
3.02. Authorization;
Enforceability 70

Section
3.03. Governmental
Approvals; No Conflicts 70

(i)

Section
3.04. Financial
Condition; No Material Adverse Change 70

Section
3.05. Litigation 70

Section
3.06. Compliance
with Laws and Agreements 71

Section
3.07. Sanctions
and Anti-Corruption Laws 71

Section
3.08. Taxes 71

Section
3.09. ERISA 71

Section
3.10. Disclosure 71

Section
3.11. Investment
Company Act; Margin Regulations 71

Section
3.12. Material
Agreements and Liens 72

Section
3.13. Subsidiaries
and Investments 72

Section
3.14. Properties 72

Section
3.15. Affiliate
Agreements 72

Section
3.16. Security
Documents 72

Section
3.17. Affected
Financial Institutions 72

Article
IV 

CONDITIONS 

Section 4.01. Effective Date 73

Section 4.02. Each Credit Event 74

Article
V 

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

Section 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information 75

Section 5.02. Notices of Material Events 77

Section 5.03. Existence; Conduct of Business 77

Section 5.04. Payment of Obligations 77

Section 5.05. Maintenance of Properties; Insurance 77

Section 5.06. Books and Records; Inspection Rights 77

Section
5.07. Compliance
with Laws; Anti-Corruption; Sanctions 77

Section 5.08. Certain Obligations Respecting Subsidiaries; Further
Assurances 78

Section 5.09. Use of Proceeds 79

Section 5.10. Status of RIC and BDC 79

Section 5.11. Investment and Valuation Policies 79

Section 5.12. Portfolio Valuation and Diversification, Etc. 80

Section 5.13. Calculation of Borrowing Base 83

Article
VI 

NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

Section 6.01. Indebtedness 89

(ii)

Section 6.02. Liens 90

Section 6.03. Fundamental Changes and Dispositions of Assets 91

Section 6.04. Investments 93

Section 6.05. Restricted Payments 94

Section 6.06. Certain Restrictions on Subsidiaries 95

Section 6.07. Certain Financial Covenants 96

Section 6.08. Transactions with Affiliates 96

Section 6.09. Lines of Business 96

Section 6.10. No Further Negative Pledge 96

Section 6.11. Modifications of Certain Documents 97

Section
6.12. Payments of Other Indebtedness 97

Article
VII 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

Article
VIII 

THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

Article
IX 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 9.01. Notices; Electronic Communications 106

Section 9.02. Waivers; Amendments 107

Section 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 109

Section 9.04. Successors and Assigns 110

Section 9.05. Survival 113

Section 9.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic
Execution 113

Section 9.07. Severability 113

Section
9.08. Right
of Setoff 113

Section 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 114

Section 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 114

Section 9.11. Headings 115

Section 9.12. Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality 115

Section 9.13. USA PATRIOT Act 116

Section 9.14. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial
Institutions 116

Section 9.15. No Fiduciary Duty 117

Section 9.16. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 118

Section 9.17. Interest Rate Limitation 118

Section
9.18. Effect of Amendment and
Restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement 118

(iii)

SCHEDULE I Commitments

SCHEDULE II Material Agreements and Liens

SCHEDULE III Permitted Indebtedness outstanding on the Effective Date

SCHEDULE IV Subsidiaries and Investments

SCHEDULE V Transactions with Affiliates

SCHEDULE VI GICS Industry Classification Group List

SCHEDULE VII Approved Dealers and Approved Pricing Services

SCHEDULE VIII Letter of Credit Commitments

EXHIBIT A Form of Assignment and Assumption

EXHIBIT B Form of Guarantee and Security Agreement Confirmation

EXHIBIT C Form of Opinion of Delaware Counsel to the Borrower

EXHIBIT D Form of Opinion of Counsel to JPMCB

EXHIBIT E Form of Borrowing Base Certificate

EXHIBIT F [Reserved]

EXHIBIT G [Reserved]

EXHIBIT H [Reserved]

EXHIBIT I Form of Promissory Note

(iv)

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED SENIOR SECURED CREDIT
AGREEMENT dated as of January 16, 2025 (this Agreement), among FRANKLIN BSP CAPITAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation
(the Borrower), the LENDERS party hereto, and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Collateral
Agent.

The Borrower, the existing Lenders party thereto,
the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, are parties to a Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of June 10, 2022,
as amended and restated as of December 8, 2023 (as further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the Effective Date, the
Existing Credit Agreement).

The Borrower has requested that the Lenders provide
the credit facilities described herein in an initial aggregate principal or face amount not exceeding $780,000,000 and that this Agreement
amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement in its entirety on the terms specified herein. The Lenders are prepared to amend and restate
the Existing Credit Agreement in its entirety upon the terms and conditions hereof, and, accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows:

Article
I

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01.Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below:

ABR, when used in reference
to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans constituting such Borrowing, are denominated in Dollars and bearing
interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate.

Additional Debt Amount means,
as of any date, the greater of (a) $50,000,000 and (b) an amount equal to 5% of Shareholders Equity.

Administrative Agent means JPMCB,
in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder.

Administrative Agents Account
means, an account designated by the Administrative Agent in a notice to the Borrower and the Lenders.

Administrative Questionnaire
means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.

Advance Rate has the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 5.13.

Affected Financial Institution
means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

Affiliate means, with respect
to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or
is under common Control with the Person specified. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the term Affiliate shall
not include (a) any Person that constitutes an Investment held by any Obligor in the ordinary course of business or (b) any Person that
is an Affiliate solely due to its ownership by Franklin Resources Inc.

Affiliate Agreements means each
of the agreements listed on Schedule V.

Alternate Base Rate means, for
any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect
on such day plus of 1% and (c) the Term SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period as published two U.S. Government Securities
Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1%; provided
that for the purpose of this definition, the Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately
5:00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR
Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology). Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the
NYFRB Rate or the Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB
Rate or the Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section
2.12 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.12(b)), then the
Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For
the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 1%, such rate shall be deemed
to be 1% for purposes of this Agreement.

Anti-Corruption Laws means all
laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating
to money laundering, bribery or corruption.

Applicable Margin means, for
any day, (a) (i) if the Gross Borrowing Base (as of the most recently delivered Borrowing Base Certificate) is equal to or greater than
1.85 times the Combined Debt Amount, (A) with respect to any ABR Loan, 0.85% and (B) in the case of any Term Benchmark Loan, 1.85%, and
(ii) if the Gross Borrowing Base (as of the most recently delivered Borrowing Base Certificate) is less than 1.85 times the Combined Debt
Amount, (A) with respect to any ABR Loan, 0.975%, and (B) in the case of any Term Benchmark Loan, 1.975%, and (b) with respect to the
commitment fees payable under Section 2.10(a) hereunder, 0.375%. Any change in the Applicable Margin due to a change in the ratio of the
Gross Borrowing Base to the Combined Debt Amount as set forth in any Borrowing Base Certificate shall be effective from and including
the day immediately succeeding the date of delivery of such Borrowing Base Certificate; provided that if any Borrowing Base Certificate
has not been delivered in accordance with Section 5.01(d), then from and including
the day immediately succeeding the date on which such Borrowing Base Certificate was required to be delivered, the Applicable Margin shall
be the Applicable Margin set forth in clause (a)(ii) above to and including the date on which the required Borrowing Base Certificate
is delivered.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 2 -

Applicable Percentage means,
with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the total Commitments of such Lender. If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the
Applicable Percentages previously based on such Commitments shall be determined based upon the existing Credit Exposure.

Approved Dealer means (a) in
the case of any Portfolio Investment that is not a U.S. Government Security, a bank or a broker-dealer registered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 of nationally recognized standing or an Affiliate thereof, (b) in the case of a U.S. Government Security, any primary
dealer in U.S. Government Securities, and (c) in the case of any foreign Portfolio Investment, any foreign broker-dealer of internationally
recognized standing or an Affiliate thereof, in the case of each of clauses (a), (b) and (c) above, as set forth on Schedule VII or any
other bank or broker-dealer acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its reasonable determination.

Approved Pricing Service means
a pricing or quotation service as set forth in Schedule VII or any other pricing or quotation service designated in writing by the Borrower
to the Administrative Agent.

Approved Third Party Appraiser
means each of (a) Houlihan Lokey Howard & Zukin Inc., (b) Lincoln International LLC (formerly known as Lincoln Partners LLC), (c)
Duff & Phelps Corporation, (d) Valuation Research Corporation, (e) Cherry Bekaert LLP and (f) any other third party appraiser selected
by the Borrower in its reasonable discretion.

Asset Coverage Ratio means the
ratio, determined on a consolidated basis, without duplication, in accordance with GAAP, of (a) the value of total assets of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries, less all liabilities (other than outstanding Indebtedness, including outstanding Indebtedness hereunder) of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries, to (b) the aggregate amount of Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. For the purposes of calculating
the Asset Coverage Ratio, Indebtedness of an SBIC Subsidiary outstanding as of the date of such calculation shall be excluded from the
calculation of Asset Coverage Ratio to the extent and in the manner that such Indebtedness may be excluded from the asset coverage requirements
of sections 18(a) and 61(d) of the Investment Company Act pursuant to an effective exemptive order issued by the Securities and Exchange
Commission.

Assignment and Assumption means
an Assignment and Assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section
9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 3 -

Assuming Lender has the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 2.07(e).

Availability Period means, with
respect to any Commitments, the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Commitment Termination
Date and the date of termination of such Commitments.

Available Tenor means, as of
any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark or payment period
for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof, as applicable, that is or may be used for determining
the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated
pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed
from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (e) of Section 2.12.

Back-to-Back Transaction means,
a transaction where (i) an Obligor originates or acquires an Investment, (ii) such Obligor immediately transfers in full or sells a participation
interest in all or any portion of such Investment to an Excluded Asset, (iii) the purchase price paid by such Excluded Asset to such Obligor
in respect of such Investment (or participation interest therein) or any portion thereof is remitted by the Obligor to the underlying
issuer thereof and (iv) the Borrowing Base immediately after giving effect to such transaction is not less than the Borrowing Base immediately
prior to such transaction; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt and for purposes of this Agreement, only the portion of any Investment
that is transferred by an Obligor to an Excluded Asset in accordance with clause (ii) above (subject to compliance with clauses (i), (ii)
and (iv) of this definition), and not any other portion of such Investment, shall be deemed to have been subject to a Back-to-Back Transaction.

Bail-In Action means the exercise
of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution.

Bail-In Legislation means (a)
with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of
the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described
in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended
from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing
banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency
proceedings).

Basel III means the agreements
on capital requirements, leverage ratio and liquidity standards contained in Basel III: A global regulatory
framework for more resilient banks and banking systems, Basel III: International framework for liquidity risk measurement,
standards and monitoring and Guidance for national authorities operating the countercyclical capital buffer published
by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision on 16 December 2010, each as amended, supplemented or restated.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 4 -

Benchmark means, initially,
with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, the Term SOFR Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event, and the related Benchmark
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR Rate, as applicable, or the then-current Benchmark,
then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such
prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) of Section 2.12.

Benchmark Replacement means,
for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the
applicable Benchmark Replacement Date:

(1) Daily
Simple SOFR; or

(2) the
sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the
then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement
benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing
market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for dollar-denominated syndicated credit
facilities at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or
(2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents.

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment
means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest
Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating
or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative
Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii) any evolving
or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment,
for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 5 -

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition
of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities
Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of
interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability
of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent, in consultation with
the Borrower, decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark and to permit the administration
thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides
that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no
market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent, in
consultation with the Borrower, decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents).

Benchmark Replacement Date means,
with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark:

(1) in the
case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement
or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component
used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component
thereof); or

(2) in the
case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) has been or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or component
thereof) have been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof)
to be no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement
or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if such Benchmark (or component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any
Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date.

For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement
Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date
will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event
or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or
the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 6 -

Benchmark Transition Event means,
with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark:

(1) a public
statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the
calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or
such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no
successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate,
any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);

(2) a public
statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component
used in the calculation thereof), the Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over
the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark
(or such component), in each case which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to
provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such
component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor
administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available
Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(3) a public
statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component
used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all
Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative.

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event
will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has
occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Unavailability Period
means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses
(1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for
all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.12 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement
has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.12.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 7 -

BHC Act Affiliate of a party
means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party.

Board means the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America.

Borrower means Franklin BSP
Capital Corporation, a Delaware corporation.

Borrowing means (a) all ABR
Loans made, converted or continued on the same date and (b) all Term Benchmark Loans that have the same Interest Period.

Borrowing Base has the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 5.13.

Borrowing Base Certificate means
a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit E and appropriately completed.

Borrowing Base Deficiency means,
at any date on which the same is determined, the amount, if any, by which (a) the aggregate Covered Debt Amount as of such date exceeds
(b) the Borrowing Base as of such date.

Borrowing Request means a request
by the Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03, which shall be substantially in the form approved by the Administrative
Agent and separately provided to the Borrower.

Business Day means any day (other
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in New York City.

Capital Lease
Obligations of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other
arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be
classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations
shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP.

Cash means any immediately available
funds in Dollars or in any currency other than Dollars which is a freely convertible currency.

Cash Equivalents means investments
(other than Cash) that are one or more of the following obligations:

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 8 -

(a) U.S.
Government Securities, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof;

(b) investments
in commercial paper or other short-term corporate obligations maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof and having,
at such date of acquisition, a credit rating of at least A-1 from S&P and at least P-1 from Moodys;

(c) investments
in certificates of deposit, bankers acceptances and time deposits maturing within 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof
(i) issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial
bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof, provided that such certificates of deposit,
bankers acceptances and time deposits are held in a securities account (as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code) through which
the Collateral Agent can perfect a security interest therein and (ii) having, at such date of acquisition, a credit rating of at least
A-1 from S&P and at least P-1 from Moodys;

(d) fully
collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than 30 days from the date of acquisition thereof for U.S. Government Securities
and entered into with (i) a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) of this definition or (ii) an Approved
Dealer having (or being a member of a consolidated group having) at such date of acquisition, a credit rating of at least A-1 from S&P
and at least P-1 from Moodys;

(e) a Reinvestment
Agreement issued by any bank (if treated as a deposit by such bank), or a Reinvestment Agreement issued by any insurance company or other
corporation or entity, in each case, at the date of such acquisition having a credit rating of at least A-1 from S&P and at least
P-1 from Moodys; provided that such Reinvestment Agreement may be unwound at the option of the Borrower at any time without
penalty;

(f) money
market funds that have, at all times, credit ratings of Aaa and MR1+ by Moodys and AAAm
or AAAm-G by S&P, respectively; and

(g) any
of the following offered by U.S. Bank National Association (or any successor custodian or other entity acting in a similar capacity with
respect to the Borrower) (I) money market deposit accounts, (II) eurodollar time deposits, (III) commercial eurodollar sweep services
or (IV) open commercial paper services, in each case having, at such date of acquisition, a credit rating of at least A-1 from S&P
and at least P-1 from Moodys and maturing not later than 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof,

provided, that (i) in no event shall Cash Equivalents include
any obligation that provides for the payment of interest alone (for example, interest-only securities or IOs); (ii) if
any of Moodys or S&P changes its rating system, then any ratings included in this definition shall be deemed to be an equivalent rating in a successor
rating category of Moodys or S&P, as the case may be; (iii) Cash Equivalents (other than U.S. Government Securities or
repurchase agreements) shall not include any such investment of more than 10% of total assets of the Obligors in any single issuer; and
(iv) in no event shall Cash Equivalents include any obligation that is not denominated in Dollars.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 9 -

Change in Control means (a)
the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder as in effect on the Original Effective Date),
of shares representing more than 35% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding capital stock of
the Borrower or (b) the acquisition of direct or indirect Control of the Borrower by any Person or group other than Benefit Street Partners
L.L.C. or any Affiliate of Benefit Street Partners L.L.C.

Change in Law means (a) the
adoption of any law, rule or regulation after the Original Effective Date, (b) any change in any law, rule or regulation or in the interpretation
or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the Original Effective Date or (c) compliance by any Lender or any Issuing
Bank (or, for purposes of Section 2.13(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lenders or such Issuing Banks
holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority
made or issued after the Original Effective Date; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder or issued in
connection therewith or in implementation thereof and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by
the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United
States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law.

Charges has the meaning assigned
to such term in Section 9.17.

CME Term SOFR Administrator
means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)
(or a successor administrator).

Code means the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.

Collateral has the meaning assigned
to such term in the Guarantee and Security Agreement.

Collateral Agent means JPMCB
in its capacity as Collateral Agent under the Guarantee and Security Agreement, and includes any successor Collateral Agent thereunder.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 10 -

Collateral Pool means, at any
time, each Portfolio Investment that has been Delivered (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) to the Collateral Agent and
is subject to the Lien of the Guaranty and Security Agreement, and then only for so long as such Portfolio Investment continues to be
Delivered as contemplated therein and in which the Collateral Agent has a first-priority perfected Lien as security for the Secured Obligations;
provided that in the case of any Portfolio Investment in which the Collateral Agent has a first-priority perfected security interest
(subject to any Lien permitted by Section 6.02 hereof) pursuant to a valid Uniform Commercial Code filing (and for which no other method
of perfection with a higher priority is possible), such Portfolio Investment may be included in the Borrowing Base so long as all remaining
actions to complete Delivery are satisfied in full within 5 Business Days of such inclusion.

Combined Debt Amount means,
as of any date, the sum of (i) the greater of (x) the aggregate amount of Commitments of all Lenders as of such date and (y) the aggregate
amount of Credit Exposures of all Lenders as of such date plus (ii) the aggregate amount of outstanding Designated Indebtedness
and, without duplication, unused Designated Indebtedness Commitments (as each such term is defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement).

Commitment means, with respect
to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Loans denominated in Dollars hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the
maximum aggregate amount of such Lenders Credit Exposure permitted hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced or increased
from time to time pursuant to Section 2.07 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender
pursuant to Section 9.04. The initial amount of each Lenders Commitment is set forth on Schedule I, or in the Assignment and Assumption
pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable. The aggregate amount of the Lenders Commitments
as of the Effective Date is $780,000,000.

Commitment Increase has the
meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.07(e).

Commitment Increase Date has
the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.07(e).

Commitment Termination Date
means January 16, 2029.

Commodity Exchange Act means
the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.

Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency
means, at any time that any Contingent Secured Indebtedness is outstanding, if the inclusion of all such Contingent Secured Indebtedness
and the Portfolio Investments subject to the underlying repurchase transactions in the Covered Debt Amount and the Borrowing Base, respectively,
would result in a Borrowing Base Deficiency.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 11 -

Contingent Secured Indebtedness
means, on any date, Indebtedness of an Obligor (which may be guaranteed by one or more other Obligors) that (a) is incurred pursuant to
one or more repurchase arrangements, (b) has a maturity at issuance of no more than 180 days (or, in the case of any renewal or extension
thereof, 180 days after the then-current expiration date of such Contingent Secured Indebtedness) and (c) is not secured by any of the
Collateral (other than by (x) any Portfolio Investment to the extent otherwise permitted to be transferred to an Excluded Asset hereunder,
(y) the participation interest such Obligor sells or purports to sell in the underlying asset for such repurchase agreement or (z) any
note or security issued by a Subsidiary of an Obligor that such Obligor sells or purports to sell, which economically represents the underlying
asset for such repurchase agreement).

Control means the possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability
to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings
correlative thereto.

Controlled Foreign Corporation
means any Subsidiary which is (i) a controlled foreign corporation (within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code), (ii)
a subsidiary substantially all the assets of which consist of equity (or equity and indebtedness) in Subsidiaries described in clause
(i) of this definition, or (iii) an entity treated as disregarded for U.S. federal income tax purposes that owns more than 65% of the
voting stock of a Subsidiary described in clause (i) or (ii) of this definition.

Corresponding Tenor with respect
to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the
same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor.

Covered Debt Amount means, on
any date, (a) all of the Credit Exposures of all Lenders on such date plus (b) the aggregate amount of outstanding Permitted Indebtedness
on such date plus (c) the aggregate amount of any outstanding Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Sections 6.01(g), 6.01(i), 6.01(j)
and 6.01(l) as of such date minus (d) the LC Exposures fully cash collateralized as of such date pursuant to Section 2.04(k) and
the last paragraph of Section 2.08(a); provided that the aggregate principal amount of all Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness,
Specified Existing Bond Indebtedness, Special Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness and 50% of all Shorter Term Unsecured Indebtedness shall
be excluded from the calculation of the Covered Debt Amount, in each case, to the extent then outstanding, until the date that is 9 months
prior to the scheduled maturity date of such Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness, Specified Existing Bond Indebtedness, Special Longer
Term Unsecured Indebtedness or Shorter Term Unsecured Indebtedness as applicable, provided, that to the extent, but only to the
extent, any portion of Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness, Specified Existing Bond Indebtedness, Special Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness
or Shorter Term Unsecured Indebtedness referred to above is subject to a contractually scheduled
amortization payment, other principal payment or redemption earlier than 6 months after the Maturity Date (in the case of Longer Term
Unsecured Indebtedness), or earlier than the original final maturity date of such Indebtedness (in the case of Specified Existing Bond
Indebtedness, Special Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness or Shorter Term Unsecured Indebtedness), all of such portion of such Indebtedness,
to the extent then outstanding, shall be included in the calculation of the Covered Debt Amount beginning upon the date that is the later
of (i) 9 months prior to such scheduled amortization payment, other principal payment or redemption and (ii) the date the Borrower becomes
aware that such Indebtedness is required to be paid or redeemed. For the avoidance of doubt (i) for purposes of calculating the Covered
Debt Amount, any convertible securities will be included at the then outstanding principal balance thereof, and (ii) in no event shall
any Contingent Secured Indebtedness (whether incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(g) or Section 6.01(o)) be included in the Covered Debt
Amount other than for the purposes of determining whether a Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency has occurred or is occurring.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 12 -

Covered Entity means any of
the following:

(i) a covered
entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);

(ii) a covered
bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or

(iii) a
covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b).

Covered Party has the meaning assigned
to it in Section 9.16.

Credit Party means the Administrative
Agent, each Issuing Bank, or any other Lender.

Credit Exposure means, with
respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lenders Loans and LC Exposure at such time.

Custodian means U.S. Bank National
Association, or any other financial institution mutually agreeable to the Collateral Agent and the Borrower, acting as the custodian on
behalf of the Obligors with respect to documentation for Portfolio Investments and any accounts of the Obligors, or any agent or sub-custodian
acting on behalf of the Custodian, or any successor in such capacity acting pursuant to a custodian agreement.

Custodian Agreement means that
certain Custody Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2012, by and between the Borrower and the Custodian, as amended, restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 13 -

Daily Simple SOFR means, for
any day (a SOFR Rate Day), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day, a SOFR Determination
Date) that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities
Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities
Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators
Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change
in SOFR without notice to the Borrower.

Default means any event or condition
which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default.

Defaulting Lender means any
Lender, as determined by the Administrative Agent, that has (a) failed to fund any portion of its Loans or participations in Letters of
Credit within three Business Days of the date required to be funded by it hereunder, unless, in the case of any Loans, such Lender notifies
the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that such Lenders failure is based on such Lenders reasonable determination that
the conditions precedent to funding such Loan under this Agreement have not been met, such conditions have not otherwise been waived in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement and such Lender has advised the Administrative Agent in writing (with reasonable detail of
those conditions that have not been satisfied) prior to the time at which such funding was to have been made, (b) notified the Borrower,
the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with any of its funding obligations
under this Agreement or has made a public statement to the effect that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under
this Agreement or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit (unless such writing or public statement states
that such position is based on such Lenders commercially reasonable determination that a condition precedent to funding or extension
of credit (which condition precedent, together with the applicable default, if any, shall be specifically identified in such writing or
public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) failed, within three Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent, to confirm that
it will comply with the terms of this Agreement relating to its obligations to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding
Letters of Credit (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of
such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), (d) otherwise failed to pay over to the Administrative Agent
or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within three Business Days of the date when due, unless the subject
of a good faith dispute, (e) (i) become or is insolvent or has a parent company that has become or is insolvent or (ii) become the subject
of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors
or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or custodian, appointed for it, or has taken any action in
furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment or has a parent company that has
become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for
the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or custodian appointed for it, or
has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment
or (f) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the
ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority
so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the
United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority)
to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 14 -

Default Right has the meaning
assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable.

Designated Subsidiary means:

1. An
SBIC Subsidiary;

2. (a) a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the
Borrower designated by the Borrower as a Designated Subsidiary which meets the following criteria:

(i) to which any Obligor sells,
conveys or otherwise transfers (whether directly or indirectly) Portfolio Investments, which engages in no material activities other than
in connection with the purchase or financing of such assets;

(ii) no portion of the Indebtedness
or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (A) is Guaranteed by any Obligor (other than Guarantees in respect of
Standard Securitization Undertakings), (B) is recourse to or obligates any Obligor in any way other than pursuant to Standard
Securitization Undertakings or (C) subjects any property of any Obligor (other than property that has been contributed or sold,
purported to be sold or otherwise transferred to such Subsidiary or the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary), directly or
indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings or
any Guarantee thereof,

(iii) with which no Obligor has
any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding other than on terms no less favorable to such Obligor than those that might
be obtained at the time from Persons that are not Affiliates of any Obligor, other than fees payable in the ordinary course of business
in connection with servicing receivables or financial assets, and

(iv) to which no Obligor has any
obligation to maintain or preserve such entitys financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results, other than pursuant to Standard
Securitization Undertakings; or

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 15 -

(b) a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the
Borrower designated by the Borrower as a Designated Subsidiary and which satisfies each of the foregoing criteria set forth
in clauses (2)(a)(ii), (iii) and (iv); or

3. any
Subsidiary listed on Schedule IV hereto.

Any such designation under this clause (2) by the Borrower shall be
effected pursuant to a certificate of a Financial Officer delivered to the Administrative Agent, which certificate shall include a statement
to the effect that, to the best of such officers knowledge, such designation complied with the foregoing conditions set forth in
clauses (2)(a) or (2)(b). For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of clause (2)(a), the Borrower shall be in compliance with Section 6.03(d)
after giving effect to any such designation. Each Subsidiary of a Designated Subsidiary shall be deemed to be a Designated Subsidiary
and shall comply with the foregoing requirements of this definition. The parties hereby agree that the Subsidiaries identified as Designated
Subsidiaries on Schedule IV hereto shall each constitute a Designated Subsidiary so long as they comply with the foregoing requirements
of this definition.

Disposition or Dispose
means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction) of any property by any Person
(or the granting of any option or other right to do any of the foregoing), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal,
with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith.

Dollars or $
refers to lawful money of the United States of America.

Domestic Subsidiary means any
Subsidiary other than a Controlled Foreign Corporation.

EBITDA means the consolidated
net income of the applicable Person (excluding extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring gains and extraordinary losses (to the extent excluded
in the definition of EBITDA (or similar defined term used for the purposes contemplated herein) in the relevant agreement
relating to the applicable Portfolio Investment)) for the relevant period plus, without duplication, the following to the extent deducted
in calculating such consolidated net income in the relevant agreement relating to the applicable Portfolio Investment for such period:
(i) consolidated interest charges for such period, (ii) the provision for federal, state, local and foreign income taxes payable for such
period, (iii) depreciation and amortization expense for such period, and (iv) such other adjustments included in the definition of EBITDA
(or similar defined term used for the purposes contemplated herein) in the relevant agreement relating to the applicable Portfolio Investment,
provided that such adjustments are market terms for substantially similar debt of other similarly situated borrowers at the time
such relevant agreements are entered into as reasonably determined in good faith by the Borrower.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 16 -

EEA Financial Institution means
(a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution
Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition,
or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a)
or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

EEA Member Country means any
of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution Authority means
any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including
any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

Effective Date means January
16, 2025.

Equity Interests means shares
of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other
equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire
any such equity interest.

ERISA means the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time.

ERISA Affiliate means any trade
or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c)
of the Code, or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section
414 of the Code.

ERISA Event means (a) any reportable
event, as defined in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event
for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) any failure by any Plan to satisfy the minimum funding standard (within the meaning
of Sections 412 and 430 of the Code or Sections 302 and 303 of ERISA) applicable to such Plan; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c)
of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the
incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of
any Plan; (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention
to terminate any Plan under Section 4041 of ERISA or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan under Section 4042 of ERISA; (f) the
incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to a withdrawal from a Plan subject to Section
4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a
cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA, or a complete withdrawal
or partial withdrawal (within the meanings of Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) from any Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by the
Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice from any Multiemployer Plan concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability on the Borrower
or any ERISA Affiliate or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is insolvent (within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA) or in reorganization
(within the meaning of Section 4241 of ERISA).

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 17 -

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule
means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to
time.

Event of Default has the meaning
assigned to such term in Article VII.

Excluded Assets means the entities
identified as Excluded Assets in Schedule IV hereto, any CDO Securities and finance lease obligations, and each Designated Subsidiary,
and any similar assets or entities in which any Obligor holds an interest on or after the Effective Date, and, in each case, their respective
Subsidiaries.

Excluded Asset Lien has the
meaning set forth in Section 6.02(e).

Excluded Swap Obligation means,
with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor of,
or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal
under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official
interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantors failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant
as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the Guarantee of such Guarantor (determined after
giving effect to Section 3.10 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement and any other keepwell, support or other agreement for the benefit
of such Guarantor) or the grant of such security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation
arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that
is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal.

Excluded Taxes means, with respect
to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation
of an Obligor hereunder, (a) income or franchise taxes imposed on (or measured by) its net income by the United States of America, or
by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal
office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located or that are Other Connection Taxes,
(b) any branch profits taxes imposed by the United States of America or any similar tax imposed by any other jurisdiction in which an
Obligor is located, (c) in the case of a Foreign Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under
Section 2.18(b)), any U.S. federal withholding tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender at the time such Foreign
Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office) or is attributable to such Foreign Lenders failure
or inability (other than as a result of a Change in Law described in clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Change in Law) to comply with
Section 2.15(e) or (g), except to the extent, other than in a case of failure to comply with Section 2.15(e), that such Foreign Lenders
(or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts
from an Obligor with respect to such withholding tax pursuant to Section 2.15(a), (d) any United States federal withholding Taxes imposed
under FATCA and (e) United States federal backup withholding tax.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 18 -

Extraordinary Receipts means
any cash received by or paid to any Obligor on account of any foreign, federal, state or local tax refunds, pension plan reversions, judgments,
proceeds of settlements or other consideration of any kind in connection with any cause of action, condemnation awards (and payments in
lieu thereof), indemnity payments received not in the ordinary course of business, purchase price adjustment received not in the ordinary
course of business in connection with any purchase agreement and proceeds of insurance (excluding, however, for the avoidance of doubt,
proceeds of any issuance of Equity Interests and issuances of Indebtedness by any Obligor); provided that Extraordinary Receipts
shall not include any (x) amounts that the Borrower receives from the Administrative Agent or any Lender pursuant to Section 2.15(e),
or (y) cash receipts to the extent received from proceeds of insurance, condemnation awards (or payments in lieu thereof), indemnity payments
or payments in respect of judgments or settlements of claims, litigation or proceedings to the extent that such proceeds, awards or payments
are received by any Person in respect of any unaffiliated third party claim against or loss by such Person and promptly applied to pay
(or to reimburse such Person for its prior payment of) such claim or loss and the costs and expenses of such Person with respect thereto.

FATCA means Sections 1471 through
1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially
more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant
to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental
agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code.

Federal Funds Effective Rate
means, for any day, the rate calculated by the New York Fed based on such days federal funds transactions by depository institutions
(as determined in such manner as the New York Fed shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding
Business Day by the New York Fed as the federal funds effective rate, provided, that, if the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall
be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 19 -

Financial Officer means the
chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, chief accounting officer, treasurer, assistant
treasurer, controller or assistant controller of the Borrower.

Floor means the benchmark rate
floor, if any, provided in this Agreement, which initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal
of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to Term SOFR Rate and Daily Simple SOFR shall be 0% per annum.

Foreign Lender means any Lender
or any Issuing Bank that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is located. For purposes
of this definition, the United States of America, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single
jurisdiction.

GAAP means generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States of America.

GICS means, as of any date,
the most recently published Global Industry Classification Standard.

GICS Industry Group Classification
means any industry group classification within GICS, as updated and amended from time to time.

Governmental Authority means
the government of the United States of America, or of any other nation, or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local,
and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government.

Gross Borrowing Base has the
meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13(g).

Guarantee of or by any Person
(the guarantor) means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic
effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor) in any manner,
whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance
or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for
the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring
the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other
financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other
obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or
obligation; provided, that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of
business.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 20 -

Guarantee and Security Agreement
means that certain Guarantee and Security Agreement dated as of the Original Effective Date between the Borrower, the Subsidiary Guarantors,
the Administrative Agent, each holder (or a representative or trustee therefor) from time to time of any Other Secured Indebtedness, and
the Collateral Agent.

Guarantee and Security Agreement Confirmation
means a Guarantee and Security Agreement Confirmation between the parties to the Guarantee and Security Agreement substantially in the
form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

Guarantee Assumption Agreement
means a Guarantee Assumption Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B to the Guarantee and Security Agreement between the Administrative
Agent and an entity that, pursuant to Section 5.08, is required to become a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Guarantee and Security Agreement
(with such changes as the Administrative Agent shall request, consistent with the requirements of Section 5.08).

Hedging Agreement means any
interest rate protection agreement, foreign currency exchange protection agreement, commodity price protection agreement or other interest
or currency exchange rate or commodity price hedging arrangement.

IBA has
the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.05.

Increasing Lender
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.07(e).

Indebtedness of any Person means,
without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or with respect to deposits or advances of any kind, (b) all
obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person under conditional
sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (d) all obligations of such Person in respect of
the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (e) all
Indebtedness of others secured by any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby
has been assumed (provided that, to the extent that the recourse of such Indebtedness is limited to the assets secured by such
Lien, the amount of such Indebtedness shall be the lower of the outstanding amount of such Indebtedness and the fair market value of the
property subject to such Lien), (f) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (g) all Capital Lease Obligations of such
Person, (h) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of
guaranty, and (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances. The Indebtedness
of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner)
to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Persons ownership interest in or other relationship with such
entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. For the avoidance of doubt,
Indebtedness shall not include (a) any revolving commitments or letters of credit for which any Obligor is acting as a lender or issuing
lender, as applicable, as part of or in connection with a Portfolio Investment
or (b) any non-recourse liabilities for participations sold by any Person in any Bank Loan.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 21 -

Indemnified Taxes means Taxes
other than Excluded Taxes.

Independent Valuation Provider
means an independent third-party valuation firm, including, Murray, Devine & Co., Houlihan Lokey, Duff & Phelps, Lincoln Advisors,
Valuation Research Corporation, Alvarez & Marsal and any other independent nationally recognized third-party valuation firm selected
by the Administrative Agent and reasonably acceptable to the Borrower.

Industry Classification Group
means (a) any of the GICS Industry Group Classifications set forth in Schedule VI hereto, together with any such group classifications
that may be subsequently added to GICS and provided by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and (b) up to three additional industry
group classifications established by the Borrower pursuant to Section 5.12. For the avoidance of doubt, CDO Securities shall be treated
as belonging to the Diversified Financials Industry Classification Group.

Interest Election Request means
a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.06, which shall be substantially in the
form approved by the Administrative Agent and separately provided to the Borrower.

Interest Payment Date means
(a) the Maturity Date, (b) with respect to any ABR Loan, each Quarterly Date and (c) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, the last
day of each Interest Period therefor and, in the case of any Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior
to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at three-month intervals after the first day of such Interest Period.

Interest Period means with respect
to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in
the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability for the Benchmark applicable
to the relevant Loan), as the Borrower may elect; provided, that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business
Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in
the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period that
commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar
month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (iii) no tenor
that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.12(e) shall be available for specification in such Borrowing Request
or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made
and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 22 -

Investment means, for any Person:
(a) Equity Interests, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities of any other Person or any agreement to acquire any Equity Interests,
bonds, notes, debentures or other securities of any other Person (including any short sale or any sale of any securities
at a time when such securities are not owned by the Person entering into such sale); (b) deposits, advances, loans or other extensions
of credit made to any other Person (including purchases of property from another Person subject to an understanding or agreement, contingent
or otherwise, to resell such property to such Person); or (c) Hedging Agreements.

Investment Policies has the
meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.11(c).

Investment Company Act means
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended from time to time.

Issuing Banks means JPMCB, Sumitomo
Mitsui Banking Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association in their capacity as the issuers of Letters of Credit hereunder,
and their respective successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.04(j).

Joint Lead Arrangers means JPMCB,
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC.

JPMCB means JPMorgan Chase Bank,
N.A.

LC Disbursement means a payment
made by any Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit.

LC Exposure means, at any time,
the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time (including any Letter of Credit for which
a draft has been presented but not yet honored by any Issuing Bank) plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements in respect
of such Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time.

Lenders means, (i) the Persons
listed on Schedule I as having Commitments, (ii) any Assuming Lender that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to Section 2.07(e)
and (iii) any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption that provides for it to assume
a Commitment or to acquire Credit Exposure, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and
Assumption or otherwise in accordance with the terms hereof.

Letter of Credit means any letter
of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement.

Letter of Credit Collateral Account
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.04(k).

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 23 -

Letter of Credit Documents means,
with respect to any Letter of Credit, collectively, any application therefor and any other agreements, instruments, guarantees or other
documents (whether general in application or applicable only to such Letter of Credit) governing or providing for (a) the rights and obligations
of the parties concerned or at risk with respect to such Letter of Credit or (b) any collateral security for any of such obligations,
each as the same may be modified and supplemented and in effect from time to time.

Lien means, with respect to
any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset,
(b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing
lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities,
any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities (other than on market terms at fair value
so long as in the case of any Portfolio Investment, the Value used in determining the Borrowing Base is not greater than the call price),
except in favor of the issuer thereof (and in the case of Portfolio Investments that are securities, excluding customary drag along, tag
along, right of first refusal and other similar rights in favor of the equity holders of the same issuer).

Loan Documents means, collectively,
this Agreement, the Letter of Credit Documents, the Security Documents and any fee letter relating to this Agreement among the Borrower
and any other party hereto.

Loans means the revolving loans
made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a) or (b).

Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness
means any Indebtedness of an Obligor (which may be Guaranteed by one or more other Obligors) that (a) has no amortization prior to, and
a final maturity date not earlier than, six months after the Maturity Date, (b) has terms substantially comparable to market terms for
substantially similar debt of other similarly situated borrowers as determined by the Borrower in good faith and (c) is not secured by
any assets of any Obligor; provided that an Obligor may incur any Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness that otherwise would not meet
the requirements in clause (b) hereof if has duly made a Modification Offer.

Margin Stock means margin
stock within the meaning of Regulations T, U and X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

Material Adverse Effect means
a material adverse effect on (a) the business, Portfolio Investments and other assets, liabilities and financial condition of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole (excluding in any case a decline in the net asset value of the Borrower or a change in general market
conditions or values of the Investments of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries), or (b) the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents or the rights or remedies of the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders thereunder.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 24 -

Material Indebtedness means
(a) Indebtedness (other than the Loans, Letters of Credit and Hedging Agreements), of any one or more of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
in an aggregate principal amount exceeding $50,000,000 and (b) obligations in respect of one or more Hedging Agreements under which the
maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Borrower and the Subsidiaries would be required to pay if
such Hedging Agreement(s) were terminated at such time would exceed $50,000,000.

Maturity Date means the earliest
to occur of (a) January 16, 2030 and (b) the date on which all Commitments have been terminated and the aggregate amount of Loans outstanding
has been repaid in full and all other obligations of the Borrower hereunder have been indefeasibly paid in full (other than any indemnities
and similar contingent obligations that are not then due and that survive the termination of this Agreement).

Maximum Rate has the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 9.17.

Modification Offer means, to
the extent required by the definition of Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness or Special Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness, an obligation
that will be satisfied if at least 10 Business Days (or, such shorter period if 10 Business Days is not practicable) prior to the incurrence
of such Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness or Special Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness, the Borrower shall have provided notice to the
Administrative Agent of the terms thereof that do not satisfy the requirements for such type of Indebtedness set forth in the definitions
herein, which notice shall contain reasonable detail of the terms thereof and an unconditional offer by the Borrower to amend this Agreement
to the extent necessary to satisfy the requirements in the definition of Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness or Special
Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness, as applicable. If any such Modification Offer is accepted by the Required Lenders within 10
Business Days of receipt of such offer, this Agreement shall be deemed automatically amended (and, upon the request of the Administrative
Agent or the Required Lenders, the Borrower shall promptly enter into a written amendment evidencing such amendment), mutatis mutandis,
solely to reflect all or some of such more restrictive provisions, as elected by the Required Lenders. Notwithstanding the foregoing any
provision in a Modification Offer (including any associated cure or grace period) incorporated into this Agreement pursuant to the definition
of Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness or Special Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness, as applicable, shall be deemed automatically deleted
from this Agreement at such time as the terms of such other Indebtedness are permanently amended so that such provision no longer applies
or the applicable Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness or Special Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness is terminated or otherwise no longer
in effect. Upon the request of the Borrower, the Lenders shall (at the Borrowers sole cost and expense) enter into any additional
agreement or amendment to this Agreement requested by the Borrower evidencing the amendment or deletion of any such provision in accordance with the terms hereof.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 25 -

Moodys means Moodys
Investors Service, Inc. or any successor thereto.

Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer
plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes any contributions.

Net Cash Proceeds
means:

(a) with
respect to any Disposition by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than a Designated Subsidiary), or any Extraordinary Receipt
received or paid to the account of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Designated Subsidiaries) (in each case, which requires
a payment of the Loans under Section 2.09(d)), an amount equal to (a) the sum of cash and Cash Equivalents received in connection with
such transaction (including any cash or Cash Equivalents received by way of deferred payment pursuant to, or by monetization of, a note
receivable or otherwise, but only as and when so received) minus (b) the sum of (i) the principal amount of any Indebtedness that
is secured by the applicable asset and that is required to be repaid in connection with such transaction (other than Indebtedness under
the Loan Documents), (ii) the reasonable out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in connection
with such transaction, (iii) the taxes paid or reasonably estimated to be actually payable within two years of the date of the relevant
transaction in connection with such transaction; provided that, if the amount of any estimated taxes pursuant to this clause (iii)
exceeds the amount of taxes actually required to be paid in cash in respect of such Disposition, the aggregate amount of such excess shall
constitute Net Cash Proceeds (as of the date the Borrower determines such excess exists); and provided further that if the amount
of any estimated taxes pursuant to this clause (iii) is less than the amount of taxes actually required to be paid in cash in respect
of such Disposition, the shortfall shall be netted against subsequent Net Cash Proceeds received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries,
(iv) any reasonable costs, fees, commissions, premiums and expenses incurred by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection
with such Disposition and (v) any portion of such proceeds required to be paid by the Borrower or Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to a concurrent
Back-to-Back Transaction; and

(b) with
respect to the sale or issuance of any Equity Interest by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than a Designated Subsidiary)
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, cash received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for the sale by the Borrower or such
Subsidiary of any Equity Interest of a Designated Subsidiary but specifically excluding any sale of any Equity Interest by a Designated
Subsidiary or cash received by a Designated Subsidiary in connection with the sale of any Equity Interest and any sales or issuances of
Equity Interests to the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor), or the incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness by the Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries (other than Designated Subsidiaries) (in each case, which requires a payment of the Loans under Section 2.10(d)),
an amount equal to (i) the sum of the cash and Cash Equivalents received in connection with such transaction
minus (ii) the sum of (1) reasonable out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses, incurred by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in connection
therewith plus (2) any proceeds required to be paid by the Borrower or Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to a concurrent Back-to-Back
Transaction plus (3) any reasonable costs, fees, commissions, premiums, expenses, or underwriting discounts or commissions incurred
by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection therewith.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 26 -

New York Fed means the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York.

NYFRB Rate means, for any day,
the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day
(or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if neither of such rates
is published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted
at 11:00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided,
further, that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined shall be less than 0%, such rate shall be deemed to be 0% for purposes
of this Agreement.

NYFRBs Website means
the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source.

Obligor means, collectively,
the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors.

Original Effective Date means
June 10, 2022.

Other Connection Taxes means,
with respect to any recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of an Obligor hereunder, Taxes imposed as a
result of a present or former connection between such recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising
from such recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received
or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned
an interest in any Loan or Loan Document).

Other Permitted Indebtedness
means (a) accrued expenses and current trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of any Obligors business which are
not overdue for a period of more than 90 days or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) Indebtedness
(other than Indebtedness for borrowed money) arising in connection with transactions in the ordinary course of any Obligors business
in connection with its purchasing of securities, derivatives transactions, reverse repurchase agreements or dollar rolls to the extent
such transactions are permitted under the Investment Company Act and the Investment Policies, provided that such Indebtedness does
not arise in connection with the purchase of Portfolio Investments other than Cash Equivalents and U.S. Government Securities and (c)
Indebtedness in respect of judgments or awards so long as such judgments or awards do not constitute an Event of Default under clause
(l) of Article VII.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 27 -

Other Secured Indebtedness means,
as at any date, Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness hereunder) of an Obligor (which may be Guaranteed by one or more other Obligors)
that (i) (a) has no amortization (other than amortization in an amount not greater than 1% of the aggregate initial principal amount of
such Indebtedness per annum, provided that amortization in excess of 1% per annum shall be permitted so long as the
amount of such amortization in excess of 1% is permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(g) hereof, and, in the case of any term
loan, other than for any customary mandatory prepayment required by the terms thereof, it being understood that if any mandatory prepayment
is required under such Other Secured Indebtedness constituting a term loan that is not required pursuant to Section 2.09(b) hereof, the
Borrower shall offer to repay Loans (and/or provide cover for LC Exposure as specified in Section 2.04(k)) in an amount at least equal
to the aggregate Credit Exposures ratable share, determined based on the outstanding principal amount of the aggregate Credit Exposure
as compared to the Other Secured Indebtedness being paid, provided the Borrower shall only be required to make an offer to repay
the Loans (and/or provide cover for LC Exposure) to the extent of any amounts that the Borrower would not be permitted to borrow as a
new Loan hereunder at such time) prior to, and has a final maturity date not earlier than, six months after the Maturity Date, (b) has
terms substantially comparable to market terms for substantially similar debt of other similarly situated borrowers as determined by the
Borrower in good faith and (c) is not secured by any assets of any Obligor other than pursuant to the Security Documents and the holders
of which have agreed, in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, to be bound by the provisions of
the Security Documents, or (ii) is permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(g) hereof and that has been designated by the Borrower as Designated
Indebtedness in accordance with the requirements of Section 6.01 of the Guaranty and Security Agreement.

Other Taxes means any and all
present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing, or similar Taxes or any other excise or property Taxes,
charges or similar levies arising from any payment made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or
otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment
(other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.18).

Overnight Bank Funding Rate
means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Eurodollar transactions by U.S.-managed banking offices
of depository institutions (as such composite rate shall be determined by the New York Fed as set forth on its public website from time
to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the New York Fed as an overnight bank funding rate (from and after such
date as the New York Fed shall commence to publish such composite rate).

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 28 -

Payment has the meaning assigned
to such term in Article VIII.

Payment Notice has the meaning
assigned to such term in Article VIII.

PBGC means the Pension Benefit
Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions.

Permitted Indebtedness means,
collectively, Specified Existing Bond Indebtedness, Other Secured Indebtedness and Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness.

Permitted Liens means: (a) Liens
imposed by any Governmental Authority for taxes, assessments or charges not yet due or that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate
proceedings if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the Borrower in accordance with GAAP; (b) Liens of
clearing agencies, broker-dealers and similar Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business, provided that such Liens (i) attach
only to the securities (or proceeds) being purchased or sold and (ii) secure only obligations incurred in connection with such purchase
or sale, and not any obligation in connection with margin financing; (c) Liens imposed by law, such as materialmens, mechanics,
carriers, workmens, storage and repairmens Liens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business
and securing obligations (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money); (d) Liens incurred or pledges or deposits made to secure obligations
incurred in the ordinary course of business under workers compensation laws, unemployment insurance or other similar social security
legislation (other than in respect of employee benefit plans subject to ERISA) or to secure public or statutory obligations; (e) Liens
securing the performance of, or payment in respect of, bids, insurance premiums, deductibles or co-insured amounts, tenders, government
or utility contracts (other than for the repayment of borrowed money), surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds and other obligations of
a similar nature incurred in the ordinary course of business, provided that all Liens on any Collateral that is permitted pursuant
to this clause (e) shall have a priority that is junior to the Liens of the Security Documents; (f) Liens arising out of judgments or
awards so long as such judgments or awards do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (l) of Article VII; (g) customary rights
of setoff and liens upon (i) deposits of cash in favor of banks or other depository institutions in which such cash is maintained in the
ordinary course of business, (ii) cash and financial assets held in securities accounts in favor of banks and other financial institutions
with which such accounts are maintained in the ordinary course of business and (iii) assets held by a custodian in favor of such custodian
in the ordinary course of business securing payment of fees, indemnities and other similar obligations; (h) Liens arising solely from
precautionary filings of financing statements under the Uniform Commercial Code of the applicable jurisdictions in respect of operating
leases entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; (i) deposits of money that are not
Collateral securing leases to which the obligor is a party as the lessee made in the ordinary course of business, (j) easements, rights
of way, zoning restrictions and similar encumbrances on real property and minor irregularities in the title thereto that do not (i) secure
obligations for the payment of money or (ii) materially impair the value of such property or its use by any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries
in the normal conduct of such Persons business; (k) Liens in favor
of any escrow agent solely on and in respect of any cash earnest money deposits made by any Obligor in connection with any letter of intent
or purchase agreement (to the extent that the acquisition or disposition with respect thereto is otherwise permitted hereunder); (l) precautionary
Liens, and filings of financing statements under the Uniform Commercial Code, covering assets sold or contributed to any Person not prohibited
hereunder; and (m) any restrictions on the sale or disposition of assets arising from a loan sale agreement between or among one or more
Obligors with one or more Excluded Assets or with respect to any asset subject to a Back-to-Back Transaction; provided such restrictions
with respect to this clause (m) do not adversely affect the enforceability of the Collateral Agents first-priority security interest
on any Collateral.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 29 -

Permitted SBIC Guarantee means
a guarantee by one or more Obligors of Indebtedness of an SBIC Subsidiary on the SBAs then applicable form.

Person means any natural person,
corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity.

Plan means any employee
pension benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan subject to the provisions of Title
IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if
such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of
ERISA.

Portfolio Investment means any
Investment held by the Obligors in their asset portfolio (and solely for purposes of determining the Borrowing Base, and of Sections 6.02(d)
and 6.04(d) and clause (p) of Article VII, Cash, excluding Cash pledged as cash collateral for Letters of Credit). Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that (A) any Portfolio Investments that have been contributed or sold, purported
to be contributed or sold or otherwise transferred to any Excluded Asset, or held by any Controlled Foreign Corporation that is not a
Subsidiary Guarantor, shall not be treated as Portfolio Investments, and (B) any Investment in which any Obligor has sold a participation
therein shall not be treated as a Portfolio Investment to the extent of such participation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein
shall limit the provisions of Section 5.12(b)(i), which provides that, for purposes of this Agreement, all determinations of whether an
investment is to be included as a Portfolio Investment shall be determined on a settlement-date basis (meaning that any investment that
has been purchased will not be treated as a Portfolio Investment until such purchase has settled, and any Portfolio Investment which has
been sold will not be excluded as a Portfolio Investment until such sale has settled), provided that no such investment shall be
included as a Portfolio Investment to the extent it has not been paid for in full.

Prime Rate means the rate of
interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote
such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal
Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or,
if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or in any similar
release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from
and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 30 -

Proceeding has the meaning assigned
to it in Section 9.03(b).

QFC has the meaning assigned
to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D).

QFC Credit Support has the meaning
assigned to it in Section 9.16.

Quarterly Dates means the last
Business Day of March, June, September and December in each year.

Quoted Investments has the meaning
set forth in Section 5.12(b)(ii)(A).

Reference Time with respect
to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is Term SOFR Rate, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is
two Business Days preceding the date of such setting or (2) for any other Benchmark, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in
its reasonable discretion.

Register has the meaning set
forth in Section 9.04.

Regulations T, U and X means,
respectively, Regulations T, U and X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor), as the same may be modified
and supplemented and in effect from time to time.

Reinvestment Agreement means
a guaranteed reinvestment agreement from a bank, insurance company or other corporation or entity having a credit rating of at least A-1
from S&P and at least P-1 from Moodys; provided that such agreement provides that it is terminable by the purchaser,
without penalty, if the rating assigned to such agreement by either S&P or Moodys is at any time lower than such ratings.

Related Parties means, with
respect to any specified Person, such Persons Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, partners, trustees, administrators,
employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Persons Affiliates.

Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio
means, as of any date, the Asset Coverage Ratio as of the most recent Quarterly Date.

Relevant Governmental Body means
the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto. 

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 31 -

Required Lenders means, at any
time, Lenders having Credit Exposures and unused Commitments representing more than 50% of the sum of the total Credit Exposures and unused
Commitments at such time; provided that the Credit Exposure and unused Commitments of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded
in the determination of Required Lenders.

Resolution Authority means an
EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

Restricted Payment means any
dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any shares of any class of capital stock
of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund
or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such shares of
capital stock of the Borrower or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such shares of capital stock of the Borrower.

Return of Capital means any
return of capital received by any Obligor in respect of the outstanding principal of any Portfolio Investment (whether at stated maturity,
by acceleration or otherwise but not including any prepayment of a revolver that does not permanently reduce the related commitments)
and any net cash proceeds received by any Obligor from the sale of any property or assets pledged as collateral in respect of any Portfolio
Investment to the extent such Obligor is permitted to retain all such proceeds (under law or contract) minus all taxes paid or
reasonably estimated to be payable by such Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries as a result of such return of capital or receipt of proceeds
(after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions) minus any costs, fees, commissions, premiums and expenses incurred
by such Obligor directly incidental to such return of capital or receipt of proceeds, including reasonable legal fees and expenses.

RIC means a Person qualifying
for treatment as a regulated investment company under the Code.

Sanctioned Country means, at
any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (as of the Effective Date, the so-called
Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the non-government controlled
areas of the Kherson and Zaporizhzhia regions of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria).

Sanctioned
Person means, at any time, any Person subject or target of any Sanctions, including (a) any Person listed in any
Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the U.S. government, including by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of
the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, U.S. Department of Commerce or by the United Nations Security
Council, the European Union or any EU member state, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions
authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such
Person or Persons described in the foregoing clause (a) or (b) (including, without limitation for purposes of defining a Sanctioned
Person, as ownership and control may be defined and/or established in and/or by any applicable laws, rules, regulations, or orders).
For purposes of this definition, Person shall include a vessel.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 32 -

Sanctions means all economic
or financial sanctions, trade embargoes or similar restrictions imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European
Union or His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom.

SBA means the United States
Small Business Administration or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions thereof.

SBIC Subsidiary means any direct
or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary (including such Subsidiarys general partner or managing entity to the extent that the only
material asset of such general partner or managing entity is its equity interest in the SBIC Subsidiary) of the Borrower licensed as a
small business investment company under the Small Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended (or that has applied for such a license
and is actively pursuing the granting thereof by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted), and which is designated
by the Borrower (pursuant to a certificate of a Financial Officer delivered to the Administrative Agent) as an SBIC Subsidiary.

S&P means Standard &
Poors Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw Hill Companies, Inc., a New York corporation, or any successor thereto.

Secured Obligations has the
meaning set forth in the Guarantee and Security Agreement. The Secured Obligations shall in no event include Excluded Swap Obligations.

Security Documents means, collectively,
the Guarantee and Security Agreement and all other assignments, pledge agreements, security agreements, intercreditor agreements, control
agreements and other instruments executed and delivered at any time by any of the Obligors pursuant to the Guarantee and Security Agreement
or otherwise providing any collateral security for any of the Secured Obligations.

Shareholders Equity means,
at any date, the amount determined on a consolidated basis, without duplication, in accordance with GAAP, of shareholders equity
for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries at such date.

Shorter Term Unsecured Indebtedness
means all unsecured indebtedness issued after the Effective Date that has a maturity date earlier than 6 months after the Maturity Date
and an initial term of at least three (3) years at issuance. 

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 33 -

Significant Subsidiary means,
at any time of determination, any (a) Obligor or (b) any other Subsidiary that, on a consolidated basis with its Subsidiaries, has aggregate
assets or aggregate revenues greater than 10% of the aggregate assets or aggregate revenues of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, at such time.

SOFR means, with respect to
any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator
on the SOFR Administrators Website.

SOFR Administrator means the
NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).

SOFR Administrators Website
means the NYFRBs website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate
identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time.

Special Equity Interest means
any Equity Interest that is subject to a Lien in favor of creditors of the issuer of such Equity Interest, provided that (a) such
Lien was created to secure Indebtedness owing by such issuer to such creditors, (b) such Indebtedness was (i) in existence at the time
the Obligors acquired such Equity Interest, (ii) incurred or assumed by such issuer substantially contemporaneously with such acquisition
or created pursuant to a financing transaction contemplated by the definition of Designated Subsidiary or (iii) already
subject to a Lien granted to such creditors and (c) unless such Equity Interest is not intended to be included in the Collateral, the
documentation creating or governing such Lien does not prohibit the inclusion of such Equity Interest in the Collateral.

Specified Existing Bond Indebtedness
means Indebtedness of the Borrower evidenced by the Specified Existing Bonds and outstanding as of the Effective Date.

Specified Existing Bonds means
(i) the Borrowers 3.25% senior unsecured notes in the aggregate principal amount of $300,000,000 due March 2026 and (ii) the Borrowers
7.200% senior unsecured notes in the aggregate principal amount of $400,000,000 due June 2029.

Special Longer Term
Unsecured Indebtedness means Indebtedness incurred after the Effective Date that is Indebtedness (which may be Guaranteed
by one or more Obligors) that satisfies all of the criteria specified in the definition of Unsecured Longer Term
Indebtedness other than clause (a) thereof so long as such Indebtedness has a maturity date of at least five years from the
date of the initial issuance (or, so long as such date is no more than ten (10) Business Days earlier than such issuance date, the
initial pricing date) of such Indebtedness; provided that an Obligor may incur any Special Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness
that otherwise would not meet the requirements in clause (b) of Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness if has duly made a
Modification Offer.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 34 -

Standard Securitization Undertakings
means, collectively, (a) customary arms-length servicing obligations (together with any related performance guarantees), (b) obligations
(together with any related performance guarantees) to refund the purchase price or grant purchase price credits for dilutive events or
misrepresentations (in each case unrelated to the collectability of the assets sold or the creditworthiness of the associated account
debtors), (c) representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities (together with any related performance guarantees) of a type that
are reasonably customary in accounts receivable securitizations or securitizations of financial assets and (d) obligations under any customary
bad boy guarantee.

Subsidiary means, with respect
to any Person (the parent) at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other
entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parents consolidated financial statements if
such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company,
partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the equity
or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are,
as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries
of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the term Subsidiary
shall not include any Person that constitutes an Investment held by any Obligor in the ordinary course of business and that is not, under
GAAP, consolidated on the financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. Unless otherwise specified, Subsidiary
means a Subsidiary of the Borrower.

Subsidiary Guarantor means any
Subsidiary of the Borrower that is a Guarantor under the Guarantee and Security Agreement. It is understood and agreed that Excluded Assets
shall not be required to be Subsidiary Guarantors.

Supported QFC has the meaning
assigned to it in Section 9.16.

Swap Obligation means, with
respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any Hedging Agreement that constitutes a swap within the
meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

Taxes means any and all present
or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges or withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other
charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 35 -

Term Benchmark when used in
reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate
determined by reference to the Term SOFR Rate.

Term SOFR Determination Day
has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate.

Term SOFR Rate means, with respect
to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference
Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable
to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator; provided that if the Term SOFR
Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement.

Term SOFR Reference Rate means,
for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated
in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as
the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference
Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect
to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference
Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was
published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than three (3) Business Days prior
to such Term SOFR Determination Day.

Transactions means the execution,
delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowing of Loans, the use of the proceeds
thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder.

Type, when used in reference
to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans constituting such Borrowing, is determined
by reference to the Term SOFR Rate or the Alternate Base Rate.

UK Financial Institution means
any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom
Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by
the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates
of such credit institutions or investment firms.

UK Resolution Authority means
the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 36 -

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement
means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

Uniform Commercial Code means
the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York.

Unquoted Investments has the
meaning set forth in Section 5.12(b)(ii)(B).

U.S. Government Securities means
securities that are direct obligations of, and obligations the timely payment of principal and interest on which is fully guaranteed by,
the United States or any agency or instrumentality of the United States the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit
of the United States and in the form of conventional bills, bonds, and notes.

U.S. Government Securities Business Day
means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government
securities.

U.S. Special Resolution Regime
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.16.

Valuation Policy has the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 5.12(b)(ii)(B).

Value has the meaning assigned
to such term in Section 5.13.

Withdrawal Liability means liability
to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete withdrawal or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer
Plan, as such terms are defined in Sections 4203 and 4205 of ERISA.

Write-Down and Conversion Powers
means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time
to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in
the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under
the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or
instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that
person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under
it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to
or ancillary to any of those powers.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 37 -

Section 1.02.Classification of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Loans, Letters of Credit and LC Exposure
may be classified and referred to by Type (e.g., an ABR Loan, or Term Benchmark Loan). Borrowings also
may be classified and referred to by Type (e.g., an ABR Borrowing).

Section 1.03.Terms Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms
defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words
include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without
limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall.
Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be
construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented,
renewed or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements, renewals or modifications set forth herein),
(b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors and assigns, (c) the words herein,
hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety
and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed
to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (e) the words asset and property
shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including
cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.

Section
1.04.Accounting Terms; GAAP. Except
as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as
in effect from time to time; provided that, if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment
to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the Effective Date in GAAP or in the application thereof
on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment
to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the
application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change
shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. The Borrower
covenants and agrees with the Lenders that whether or not the Borrower may at any time adopt Financial Accounting Standard No. 159 (or
successor standard solely as it relates to fair valuing liabilities) or accounts for liabilities acquired in an acquisition on a fair
value basis pursuant to Financial Accounting Standard No. 141(R) (or successor standard solely as it relates to fair valuing liabilities),
all determinations of compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be made on the basis that the Borrower has not
adopted Financial Accounting Standard No. 159 (or such successor standard solely as it relates to fair valuing liabilities) or, in the
case of liabilities acquired in an acquisition, Financial Accounting Standard No. 141(R) (or such successor standard solely as it relates
to fair valuing liabilities); provided that, if the Borrower shall at any time adopt Financial Accounting Standard No. 159, or
if Financial Accounting Standard No. 141(R) shall apply with respect to any acquired assets or liabilities, for purposes of calculating
compliance with Section 6.07(a) and Section 6.07(b) after such adoption, or for any period ending after such adoption, Specified Debt
shall be valued as it is valued under Financial Accounting Standard No. 159 or Financial Accounting Standard No. 141(R), as applicable.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 38 -

Section 1.05.Benchmark Notification. The interest rate on a Loan may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued
or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 2.12(b)
provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility
for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any
interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including
without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be
similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or
liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates
and/or other related entities may engage in transactions unrelated to this Agreement that affect the calculation of any interest rate
used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments
thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its
reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition
thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person
or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses
or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error in the calculation of any such rate
(or component thereof) by any such information source or service.

Section
1.06.Divisions. For all purposes
under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different
jurisdictions laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability
of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if
any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the
holders of its Equity Interests at such time.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 39 -

Article II

THE CREDITS

Section 2.01.The Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender agrees to make Loans in Dollars
to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in (a) such Lenders
Credit Exposure exceeding such Lenders Commitment, (b) the aggregate Credit Exposure of all of the Lenders exceeding the aggregate
Commitments, or (c) the total Covered Debt Amount exceeding the Borrowing Base then in effect.

Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms
and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Loans.

Section 2.02.Loans and Borrowings.

(a) Obligations
of Lenders. Each Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Type made by the applicable Lenders ratably
in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve
any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be
responsible for any other Lenders failure to make Loans as required.

(b) Type
of Loans. Subject to Section 2.12, each Borrowing shall be constituted entirely of ABR Loans or of Term Benchmark Loans as the Borrower
may request in accordance herewith. Each Lender at its option may make any Term Benchmark Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch
or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the
Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

(c) Minimum
Amounts. Each Borrowing (whether Term Benchmark or ABR) shall be in multiples of $1,000,000; provided that an ABR Borrowing
may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the total Commitments or that is required to finance the reimbursement
of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.04(f). Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time.

(d) Limitations
on Interest Periods. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request (or to elect
to convert to or continue as a Term Benchmark Borrowing) any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested therefor would end after the Maturity
Date.

(e) Effective Date Adjustments. If,
in connection with the Effective Date, there is any increase, reduction or change in the Commitments, on the Effective Date the Borrower
will borrow from each of the Lenders, and the Lenders will make Loans to the Borrower (in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, with Interest
Period(s) ending on the date(s) of any then outstanding Interest Period(s) under the Existing Credit Agreement), and (notwithstanding
the provisions in this Agreement requiring that borrowings and prepayments be made ratably in accordance with the principal amounts of
the Loans held by the Lenders) taking into consideration outstanding Credit Exposure as of the Effective Date, the Borrower shall prepay
the Loans held by the Lenders in such amounts as may be necessary, without regard to any Borrowing minimums or multiples set forth in
clause (c) above (provided that no break funding payments shall be payable under Section 2.14 pursuant to this clause (e)), so
that after giving effect to such Loans and prepayments, the Loans (and Interest Period(s) of Term Benchmark Loan(s)) shall be held by
the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the respective amounts of their Commitments. Concurrently therewith, the Lenders shall be deemed
to have adjusted their participation interests in any outstanding Letters of Credit so that such interests are held ratably in accordance
with their Commitments as so modified.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 40 -

Section 2.03.Requests for Borrowings.

(a) Notice
by the Borrower. To request a Borrowing, the Borrower shall deliver a Borrowing Request to the Administrative Agent (i) in the case
of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing
or (ii) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each such
Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable.

(b) Content
of Borrowing Requests. Each Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02:

(i) the
aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing;

(ii) the
date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day;

(iii) whether
such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Term Benchmark Borrowing;

(iv) in
the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period therefor, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of Interest
Period and permitted under Section 2.02(d); and

(v) the
location and number of the Borrowers account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section
2.05.

(c) Notice
by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the
Administrative Agent shall advise each applicable Lender of the details thereof and of the amounts of such Lenders Loan to be made
as part of the requested Borrowing.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 41 -

(d) Failure
to Elect. If no election as to the Type of a Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be a Term Benchmark Borrowing
having an Interest Period of one month. If a Term Benchmark Borrowing is requested but no Interest Period is specified, the requested
Borrowing shall be a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars having an Interest Period of one months duration.

Section 2.04.Letters of Credit.

(a) General.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, in addition to the Loans provided for in Section 2.01, the Borrower may request
any Issuing Bank to issue, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period, Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars
for its own account or the account of its designee (provided the Obligors shall remain primarily liable to the Lenders hereunder
for payment and reimbursement of all amounts payable in respect of such Letter of Credit hereunder) in such form as is acceptable to such
Issuing Bank in its reasonable determination and for the benefit of such named beneficiary or beneficiaries as are specified by the Borrower.
Letters of Credit issued hereunder shall constitute utilization of the Commitments up to the aggregate amount then available to be drawn
thereunder.

(b) Notice
of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal or Extension. To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension
of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements
for doing so have been approved by such Issuing Bank) to any Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested
date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of
Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business
Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (d) of this Section), the amount of such
Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend,
renew or extend such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders following the issuance of any Letter
of Credit. If requested by the applicable Issuing Bank, the Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on such Issuing
Banks standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms
and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted
by the Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower with, any Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions
of this Agreement shall control.

(c) Limitations on Amounts.
A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each
Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal
or extension (i) the aggregate LC Exposure of the Issuing Banks (determined for these purposes without giving effect to the
participations therein of the Lenders pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section) shall not exceed $40,000,000, (ii) the aggregate
LC Exposure of the applicable Issuing Bank requested to issue such Letter of Credit (determined for these purposes without giving
effect to the participations therein of the Lenders pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section) shall not exceed the amount set forth
opposite the name of such Issuing Bank in Schedule VIII hereto, (iii) the total Credit Exposures shall not exceed the aggregate Commitments,
and (iv) the total Covered Debt Amount shall not exceed the Borrowing Base then in effect.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 42 -

(d) Expiration
Date. Each Letter of Credit shall expire at or prior to the close of business on the date twelve months after the date of the issuance
of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, twelve months after the then-current expiration date of
such Letter of Credit, so long as such renewal or extension occurs within three months of such then-current expiration date); provided
that any Letter of Credit with a one-year term may provide for the renewal thereof for additional one-year periods; provided further,
that in no event shall a Letter of Credit which expires after the Commitment Termination Date be renewed and no Letter of Credit shall
have an expiry date after the Maturity Date.

(e) Participations.
By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) by an Issuing Bank, and without
any further action on the part of the Issuing Banks or the Lenders, such Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby
acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lenders Applicable Percentage of the aggregate
amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. Each Lender acknowledges and severally agrees that its obligation to acquire
participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any
circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a
Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments.

In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing,
each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for account of each Issuing Bank,
such Lenders Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by each such Issuing Bank, in each case, in respect of Letters
of Credit promptly upon the request of each such Issuing Bank at any time from the time of such LC Disbursement until such LC Disbursement
is reimbursed by the Borrower or at any time after any reimbursement payment is required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason.
Such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each such payment shall be made in the
same manner as provided in Section 2.05 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.05 shall apply, mutatis mutandis,
to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to such Issuing Bank the amounts so received
by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to the next
following paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the applicable Issuing Bank or, to the extent that the
Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse an Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Banks as their
interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse an Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement shall
not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 43 -

(f) Reimbursement.
If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse such Issuing Bank in
respect of such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such LC Disbursement not later than 12:00 p.m.,
New York City time, on (i) the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice of such LC Disbursement, if such notice is received prior
to 10:00 a.m., New York City time, or (ii) the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice, if such
notice is not received prior to such time, provided that, if such LC Disbursement is not less than $1,000,000, the Borrower may,
subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 that such payment be financed with an
ABR Borrowing in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrowers obligation to make such payment shall be discharged
and replaced by the resulting ABR Borrowing.

If the Borrower fails to make such payment when due,
the Administrative Agent shall notify each affected Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrower in
respect thereof and such Lenders Applicable Percentage thereof.

(g) Obligations
Absolute. The Borrowers obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (f) of this Section shall
be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and
all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit, or any term
or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid
in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by an Issuing Bank under a Letter
of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply strictly with the terms of such Letter of Credit, and
(iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions
of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of the Borrowers obligations hereunder.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 44 -

Neither the Administrative Agent,
the Lenders nor the Issuing Banks, nor any of their Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection
with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit by the Issuing Banks or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective
of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission
or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to
make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control
of the Issuing Banks; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse any Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower
to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower
to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by any Issuing Banks gross negligence or willful
misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment when determining whether drafts and
other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that:

(i) the
Issuing Banks may accept documents that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit without
responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and may make payment upon presentation
of documents that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit;

(ii) the
Issuing Banks shall have the right, in their sole discretion, to decline to accept such documents and to make such payment if such documents
are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit; and

(iii) this
sentence shall establish the standard of care to be exercised by the Issuing Banks when determining whether drafts and other documents
presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof (and the parties hereto hereby waive, to the extent permitted by applicable
law, any standard of care inconsistent with the foregoing).

(h) Disbursement
Procedures. Each Issuing Bank shall, within a reasonable time following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent
a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. Each Issuing Bank shall promptly after such examination notify the Administrative Agent
and the Borrower in writing of such demand for payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder;
provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse
the applicable Issuing Bank and the applicable Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement.

(i) Interim Interest. If any Issuing
Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such
LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement
is made to but excluding the date that the Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Loans;
provided that, if the Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement within two Business Days following the date when due
pursuant to paragraph (f) of this Section, then the provisions of Section 2.11(c) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to
this paragraph shall be for account of the applicable Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by
any Lender pursuant to paragraph (f) of this Section to reimburse an Issuing Bank shall be for account of such Lender to the extent
of such payment.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 45 -

(j) Replacement
of an Issuing Bank. Any Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement between the Borrower, the Administrative Agent,
the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. In addition, if any Issuing Bank, in its capacity as a Lender, assigns all of
its Loans and Commitments in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such Issuing Bank may, with the prior written consent of the
Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided that no consent of the Borrower shall be required if
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), resign as an Issuing Bank hereunder upon not less than three Business Days prior
written notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement
or resignation of an Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement or resignation shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all
unpaid fees accrued for account of the replaced or retiring Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.10(b). From and after the effective date
of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Issuing Bank under this
Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank
and/or Issuing Banks shall be deemed to refer to such successor or successors (and the other current Issuing Banks, if applicable)
or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor or successors (and all other current Issuing Banks) and all previous Issuing Banks,
as the context shall require. After the replacement or resignation of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced or retiring Issuing Bank
shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect
to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement or resignation, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit.

(k) Cash
Collateralization. If the Borrower shall be required to provide cover for LC Exposure pursuant to Section 2.08(a), Section 2.09(b),
Section 2.09(d) or the last paragraph of Article VII, the Borrower shall immediately deposit into a segregated collateral account or accounts
(herein, collectively, the Letter of Credit Collateral Account) in the name and under the dominion and control of
the Administrative Agent, Cash in an amount equal to the amount required under Section 2.08(a), Section 2.09(b), Section 2.09(d) or the
last paragraph of Article VII, as applicable. Such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral in the first instance
for the LC Exposure under this Agreement and thereafter for the payment of the Secured Obligations, and for these purposes the Borrower
hereby grants a security interest to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders in the Letter of Credit Collateral Account
and in any financial assets (as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code) or other property held therein.

Section 2.05.Funding of Borrowings.

(a) Funding by Lenders.
Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds
by 2:00 p.m., New York City time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice
to the Lenders. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received,
in like funds, to an account of the Borrower designated by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request; provided that ABR
Borrowings made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.04(f) shall be remitted by the Administrative
Agent to the applicable Issuing Bank.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 46 -

(b) Presumption
by the Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of
any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders share of such Borrowing, the Administrative
Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and
may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact
made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally
agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including
the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in
the case of such Lender, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR
Loans. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lenders Loan included
in such Borrowing. Nothing in this paragraph shall relieve any Lender of its obligation to fulfill its commitments hereunder, and shall
be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative
Agent.

Section 2.06.Interest Elections.

(a) Elections
by the Borrower for Borrowings. Subject to Section 2.03(d), the Loans constituting each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified
in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, shall have the Interest Period specified in such Borrowing
Request. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a Borrowing of a different Type or to continue such Borrowing
as a Borrowing of the same Type and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, may elect the Interest Period therefor, all as provided
in this Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case
each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans constituting such Borrowing, and the Loans constituting
each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing.

(b) Notice
of Elections. To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall deliver an Interest Election Request signed by the
Borrower to the Administrative Agent by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting
a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such Interest Election Request
shall be irrevocable.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 47 -

(c) Content of Interest Election Requests.
Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02:

(i) the
Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions
thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii)
and (iv) of this paragraph shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing);

(ii) the
effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day;

(iii) whether
the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Term Benchmark Borrowing; and

(iv) if
the resulting Borrowing is a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period therefor after giving effect to such election, which shall
be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period and permitted under Section 2.02(d).

(d) Notice
by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders. Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall
advise each applicable Lender of the details thereof and of such Lenders portion of each resulting Borrowing.

(e) Failure
to Elect; Events of Default. If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely and complete Interest Election Request with respect to a Term
Benchmark Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period therefor, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the
end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to a Term Benchmark Borrowing having an Interest Period of one month. Notwithstanding
any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the
Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing no outstanding Term Benchmark Borrowing
may have an Interest Period of more than one months duration.

Section 2.07.Termination, Reduction or Increase of the Commitments.

(a) Scheduled
Termination. Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall terminate on the Commitment Termination Date.

(b) Voluntary
Termination or Reduction. The Borrower may at any time without premium or penalty terminate, or from time to time reduce, the
Commitments; provided that (i) each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is $25,000,000 (or, if less, the
entire remaining amount of the Commitments) or a larger multiple of $5,000,000 in excess thereof (or the entire amount of the
Commitments) and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent
prepayment of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.09, the total Credit Exposures would exceed the total Commitments.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 48 -

(c) Notice
of Voluntary Termination or Reduction. The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the
Commitments under paragraph (b) of this Section at least three Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction,
specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise
the applicable Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable; provided
that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness
of other events, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified
effective date) if such condition is not satisfied.

(d) Effect
of Termination or Reduction. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments
shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments.

(e) Increase
of the Commitments.

(i) Requests
for Increase by Borrower. The Borrower shall have the right, at any time after the Effective Date but prior to the Commitment Termination
Date, to propose that the Commitments hereunder be increased (each such proposed increase being a Commitment Increase)
by providing notice to the Administrative Agent, specifying each existing Lender (each an Increasing Lender) and/or
each additional lender (each an Assuming Lender) that shall have agreed to an additional Commitment and the date
on which such increase is to be effective (the Commitment Increase Date), which shall be a Business Day at least
three Business Days (or such lesser period as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree) after delivery of such notice and 30 days
prior to the Commitment Termination Date; provided that:

(A) each
Commitment Increase shall be in a minimum amount of at least $25,000,000 or a larger multiple of $5,000,000 in excess thereof (or such
lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree);

(B) the
aggregate amount of all Commitment Increases shall not exceed $390,000,000;

(C) each
Assuming Lender shall be consented to by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks;

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 49 -

(D) no
Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such Commitment Increase Date or shall result from the proposed Commitment Increase;

(E) the
representations and warranties contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of the
representations and warranties in Sections 3.01 (first sentence with respect to the Obligors), 3.02, 3.04, 3.11 and 3.15 of this Agreement,
and in Sections 2.01, 2.02 and 2.04 through 2.09 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement, true and correct in all respects) on and as
of the Commitment Increase Date as if made on and as of such date (or, if any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have
been made as of a specific date, as of such specific date); and

(F) No
Lender shall be obligated to provide any increased Commitment.

(ii) Effectiveness
of Commitment Increase by Borrower. The Assuming Lender, if any, shall become a Lender hereunder as of such Commitment Increase Date
and the Commitment of any Increasing Lender and such Assuming Lender shall be increased as of such Commitment Increase Date; provided
that:

(x) the
Administrative Agent shall have received on or prior to 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on such Commitment Increase Date a certificate
of a duly authorized officer of the Borrower stating that each of the applicable conditions to such Commitment Increase set forth in the
foregoing paragraph (i) has been satisfied; and

(y) each
Assuming Lender or Increasing Lender shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent, on or prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time,
on such Commitment Increase Date, an agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, pursuant
to which such Lender shall, effective as of such Commitment Increase Date, undertake a Commitment or an increase of Commitment, duly executed
by such Assuming Lender or Increasing Lender, as applicable, and the Borrower and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent.

(iii) Recordation
into Register. Upon its receipt of an agreement referred to in clause (ii)(y) above executed by an Assuming Lender or an Increasing
Lender, together with the certificate referred to in clause (ii)(x) above, the Administrative Agent shall, if such agreement has been
completed, (x) accept such agreement, (y) record the information contained therein in the Register and (z) give prompt notice thereof
to the Borrower.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 50 -

(iv) Adjustments
of Borrowings upon Effectiveness of Increase. On the Commitment Increase Date, the Borrower shall be deemed to (A) prepay the outstanding
Loans (if any) in full and (B) simultaneously borrow new Loans hereunder in an amount equal to such prepayment (in the case of Term Benchmark
Loans, with Term Benchmark Rates equal to the outstanding Term Benchmark Rate and with Interest Period(s) ending on the date(s) of any
then outstanding Interest Period(s)), as applicable (as modified hereby); provided that with respect to subclauses (A) and (B),
(x) the prepayment to, and borrowing from, any existing Lender shall be effected by book entry to the extent that any portion of the amount
prepaid to such Lender will be subsequently borrowed from such Lender and (y) the existing Lenders, the Increasing Lenders and the Assuming
Lenders shall make and receive payments among themselves, in a manner acceptable to the Administrative Agent, so that, after giving effect
thereto, the Loans are held ratably by the Lenders in accordance with the respective Commitments of such Lenders (after giving effect
to such Commitment Increase). Concurrently therewith, the Lenders shall be deemed to have adjusted their participation interests in any
outstanding Letters of Credit so that such interests are held ratably in accordance with their Commitments as so increased. The Borrower
shall pay to the Lenders the amounts, if any, payable under Section 2.14 (and in accordance with the requirements thereof) as a result
of any such prepayment.

Section 2.08.Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt.

(a) Repayment.
The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for account of the applicable Lenders the outstanding
principal amount of the Loans on the Maturity Date.

In addition, on the Maturity Date, to the extent
any Letter of Credit is outstanding (notwithstanding the requirements of Section 2.04(d)), the Borrower shall deposit into the Letter
of Credit Collateral Account Cash in an amount equal to 102% of the undrawn face amount of all Letters of Credit outstanding on the close
of business on the Maturity Date, such deposit to be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral security for the LC Exposure under
this Agreement in respect of the undrawn portion of such Letters of Credit.

(b) Manner of
Payment. Subject to Section 2.09(d), prior to any repayment or prepayment of any Borrowings hereunder, the Borrower shall select
the Borrowing or Borrowings to be paid and shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing of such selection not later than 11:00
a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the scheduled date of such repayment; provided that, unless otherwise
directed by the Borrower, each repayment of Borrowings shall be applied to repay any outstanding ABR Borrowings before any
outstanding Term Benchmark Borrowings. If the Borrower fails to make a timely selection of the Borrowing or Borrowings to be repaid
or prepaid, such payment shall be applied, first, to pay any outstanding ABR Borrowings, and, second, to any outstanding Term
Benchmark Borrowings in the order of the remaining duration of their respective Interest Periods (the Borrowing with the shortest
remaining Interest Period to be repaid first). Each payment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in such
Borrowing.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 51 -

(c) Maintenance
of Records by Lenders. Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice records evidencing the indebtedness of the
Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid
to such Lender from time to time hereunder.

(d) Maintenance
of Records by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall maintain the Register in accordance with Section 9.04(c) in
which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type thereof and each Interest Period therefor, (ii) the amount
of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount
of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for account of the Lenders and each Lenders share thereof.

(e) Effect
of Entries. The entries made in the records maintained pursuant to paragraph (c) or (d) of this Section shall be prima facie
evidence, absent obvious error, of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that the failure of
any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such records or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of
the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the records maintained
by any Lender and the Administrative Agent in such matters, the records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest
error.

(f) Promissory
Notes. Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare,
execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered
assigns) in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit I or in such other form as shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant
to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or, if such promissory
note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns).

Section 2.09.Prepayment of Loans.

(a) Optional
Prepayments. The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, without
premium or penalty except for payments under Section 2.14, subject to the requirements of this Section.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 52 -

(b) Mandatory
Prepayments due to Borrowing Base Deficiency. In the event that at any time any Borrowing Base Deficiency shall exist, then,
within 5 Business Days, the Borrower shall prepay the Loans (and/or provide cover for LC Exposure as contemplated by Section
2.04(k)), and may (i) if the aggregate Credit Exposure (to the extent not cash collateralized as contemplated by Section 2.04(k)) is
greater than zero, in addition to prepaying the Loans (and/or providing cover for LC Exposure) pursuant to the immediately
succeeding proviso, reduce the Permitted Indebtedness, Special Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness, Shorter Term Unsecured
Indebtedness, and/or Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(g) (in each case, to the extent included in the Covered Debt
Amount), or (ii) if the aggregate Credit Exposure (to the extent not cash collateralized as contemplated by Section 2.04(k)) is not
greater than zero, reduce the Permitted Indebtedness, Special Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness, Shorter Term Unsecured
Indebtedness, or Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(g) (in each case, to the extent included in the Covered Debt
Amount), in each case in such amounts as shall be necessary so that such Borrowing Base Deficiency is immediately cured; provided
that (A) in the case of clause (i) above, the aggregate amount of such prepayment of Loans (and cover for LC Exposure) shall be at
least equal to the aggregate Credit Exposures ratable share of the aggregate reduction of Permitted Indebtedness, Shorter
Term Unsecured Indebtedness, and/or Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(g) and (B) if, within five Business Days after
delivery of a Borrowing Base Certificate demonstrating such Borrowing Base Deficiency (and/or at such other times as the Borrower
has knowledge of such Borrowing Base Deficiency), the Borrower shall present the Administrative Agent with a reasonably feasible
plan to enable such Borrowing Base Deficiency to be cured within 30 Business Days (which 30-Business Day period shall include the
five Business Days permitted for delivery of such plan), then such prepayment and/or reduction shall not be required to be effected
within such 5-Business Day period but may be effected in accordance with such plan (with such modifications as the Borrower may
reasonably determine), so long as such Borrowing Base Deficiency is cured within such 30-Business Day period; provided, further,
that, solely to the extent such Borrowing Base Deficiency is due to a failure to satisfy the requirements of Section 5.13(g) as a
consequence of a change in either (y) the ratio of the Gross Borrowing Base to the Senior Debt Amount or (z) the Relevant Asset
Coverage Ratio from one Quarterly Period to the next, such 30-Business Day period shall be extended to a 45-Business Day period
solely with respect to compliance with Section 5.13(g).

(c) Mandatory
Prepayments due to Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency. In the event that at any time any Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency
shall exist, the Borrower shall (x) prepay the Loans (and/or provide cover for the Letters of Credit as contemplated by Section
2.05(k)), (y) reduce its other Indebtedness that is included in the Covered Debt Amount or (z) otherwise remedy the Contingent
Borrowing Base Deficiency, in such amounts as shall be necessary so that such Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency is promptly cured
within five Business Days after delivery of a Borrowing Base Certificate demonstrating such Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency;
provided that (i) the aggregate amount of such prepayment of Loans (and cover for Letters of Credit) shall be at least equal to the
Revolving Credit Exposures ratable share (such ratable share being determined based on the outstanding principal amount of
the Revolving Credit Exposures as compared to its other Indebtedness that is included in the Covered Debt Amount) of the aggregate
prepayment and reduction of its other Indebtedness that is included in the Covered Debt Amount and (ii) if, within five Business
Days after delivery of a Borrowing Base Certificate demonstrating such Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency (and/or at such other
times as the Borrower has knowledge of such Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency), the Borrower shall present the Administrative
Agent with a reasonably feasible plan to enable such Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency to be cured within 30 Business Days (which
30-Business Day period shall include the five Business Days permitted for delivery of such plan), then such prepayment (and/or cash
collateralization), reduction or addition of assets to the Borrowing Base shall not be required to be effected immediately but may
be effected in accordance with such plan (with such modifications as the Borrower may reasonably determine), so long as such
Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency is cured within such 30-Business Day period; provided, further that solely to the extent such
Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency is due to the Borrowers failure to satisfy the Senior Investment Minimum Covenant as a
consequence of either (x) a decrease in the ratio of the Gross Borrowing Base to Senior Debt Amount or (y) a decrease in the
Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio from one quarterly period to the next, such 30-Business Day period shall be extended to a 45-Business
Day period solely with respect to compliance with the Senior Investment Minimum Covenant. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the existence of a Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency shall not be a Specified
Default or Event of Default hereunder until the expiration of the applicable grace or cure period

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 53 -

(d) Mandatory
Prepayments Following the Commitment Termination Date. During the period commencing on the date immediately following the Commitment
Termination Date and ending on the Maturity Date:

(i) Asset
Disposition. If the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than a Designated Subsidiary) Disposes of any property which results
in the receipt by such Person of Net Cash Proceeds in excess of $2,000,000 in the aggregate since the Commitment Termination Date, the
Borrower shall prepay an aggregate principal amount of Loans equal to 100% of such excess Net Cash Proceeds no later than the fifth Business
Day following the receipt of such excess Net Cash Proceeds (such prepayments to be applied as set forth in Section 2.08(b)).

(ii) Equity
Issuance. Upon the sale or issuance by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than a Designated Subsidiary) of any of its
Equity Interests (other than any sales or issuances of Equity Interests to the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor), the Borrower shall
prepay an aggregate principal amount of Loans equal to 75% of all Net Cash Proceeds received therefrom no later than the fifth Business
Day following the receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds (such prepayments to be applied as set forth in Section 2.08(b)).

(iii) Indebtedness.
Upon the incurrence or issuance by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than a Designated Subsidiary) of any Indebtedness,
the Borrower shall prepay an aggregate principal amount of Loans equal to 100% of all Net Cash Proceeds received therefrom no later
than the fifth Business Day following the receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds (such prepayments to be applied as set forth in Section
2.08(b)).

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 54 -

(iv) Extraordinary
Receipt. Upon any Extraordinary Receipt (which, when taken with all other Extraordinary Receipts received after the Commitment Termination
Date, exceeds $5,000,000 in the aggregate) received by or paid to or for the account of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other
than a Designated Subsidiary), and not otherwise included in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) of this Section 2.09(d), the Borrower shall prepay
an aggregate principal amount of Loans equal to 100% of such excess Net Cash Proceeds received therefrom no later than the fifth Business
Day following the receipt of such excess Net Cash Proceeds (such prepayments to be applied as set forth in Section 2.08(b)).

(v) Return
of Capital. If any Obligor shall receive any Return of Capital, the Borrower shall prepay an aggregate principal amount of Loans equal
to 100% of such Return of Capital (excluding amounts, if any, payable by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.14) no later than the fifth
Business Day following the receipt of such Return of Capital (such prepayments to be applied as set forth in Section 2.08(b)).

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Net Cash Proceeds
and Returns of Capital required to be applied to the prepayment of the outstanding Loans pursuant to this Section 2.09(d) shall (A) be
applied in accordance with the Guarantee and Security Agreement, (B) exclude the amount (which shall be no less than the amount estimated
in good faith by the Borrower under Section 6.05(b) herein) necessary for the Borrower to make all required distributions to maintain
the status of a RIC under the Code and a business development company under the Investment Company Act for so long as the
Borrower retains such status (including distributions permitted under Section 6.05(b)) and (C) exclude amounts described above in clauses
(i) through (v) with respect to a Foreign Subsidiary if the application of such amounts to the repayment of the Loans would create a liability
for the Borrower or such Foreign Subsidiary under Section 956 of the Code; provided, that the Administrative Agent may direct the
application of such deposits as set forth in Section 2.08(b) at any time and if the Administrative Agent does so, no amounts will be payable
by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.14.

(e) Payments
Following the Commitment Termination Date. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in Section 2.08 or this Section 2.09, following
the Commitment Termination Date:

(i)in connection with any optional prepayment, the Borrower shall be required to cash collateralize any Letters of Credit to the extent
any outstanding Letters of Credit are not then cash collateralized as contemplated by Section 2.04(k); and

(ii)any prepayment of Loans required to be made pursuant to clause (c) above shall be applied pro rata to (A) prepay Loans and
(B) cash collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 55 -

(f) Notices,
Etc. The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of a
Term Benchmark Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment or (ii) in
the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of prepayment. Each such notice
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date, the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid and,
in the case of a mandatory prepayment, a reasonably detailed calculation of the amount of such prepayment; provided that, if a
notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.07,
then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.07. Promptly following
receipt of any such notice relating to a Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the affected Lenders of the contents thereof.
Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of a Borrowing of the same Type as
provided in Section 2.02, except as necessary to apply fully the required amount of a mandatory prepayment or scheduled payment. Each
prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by
accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.11 and shall be made in the manner specified in Section 2.08(b).

Section 2.10.Fees.

(a) Commitment
Fee. The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for account of each Lender a commitment fee, which shall accrue at the
Applicable Margin on the daily unused amount of the Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the Effective Date
to but excluding the earlier of the date such Commitment terminates and the Commitment Termination Date. Accrued commitment fees with
respect to each Lender shall be payable within 15 Business Days after each Quarterly Date and on the earlier of the date such Lenders
Commitment terminates and the Commitment Termination Date, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date. All commitment
fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first
day but excluding the last day). For purposes of computing commitment fees, (i) the daily unused amount of the applicable Commitment shall
be determined as of the end of each day and (ii) the Commitment of a Lender shall be deemed to be used to the extent of the outstanding
Loans and LC Exposure of such Lender.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 56 -

(b) Letter of Credit
Fees. The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for account of each Lender a participation fee with respect to
its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin applicable to
interest on Term Benchmark Loans (minus ten basis points (0.10%)) multiplied by the daily amount of such
Lenders LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and
including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lenders Commitment terminates and the date
on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure, and (ii) to each Issuing Bank a fronting fee, which shall accrue at the rate of
0.25% per annum multiplied by the daily amount of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed
LC Disbursements) applicable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank during the period from and including the Effective
Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC
Exposure, as well as fees agreed to by the Borrower and each Issuing Bank with respect to the issuance, amendment, renewal or
extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and
including each Quarterly Date shall be payable on the fifteenth Business Day following such Quarterly Date, commencing on the first
such date to occur after the Effective Date; provided that, all such fees with respect to the Letters of Credit shall be
payable on the date on which the Commitments terminate (the termination date), the Borrower shall pay any such
fees that have accrued and that are unpaid on the termination date and, in the event there shall be outstanding any Letters of
Credit that have expiration dates after the termination date, the Borrower shall prepay on the termination date the full amount of
the participation and fronting fees that will accrue on such Letters of Credit subsequent to the termination date through but not
including the date such outstanding Letters of Credit are scheduled to expire (and in connection therewith, the Lenders agree not
later than the date two Business Days after the date upon which the last such Letter of Credit shall expire or be terminated to
rebate to the Borrower the excess, if any, of the aggregate participation and fronting fees that have been prepaid by the Borrower
over the amount of such fees that ultimately accrue through the date of such expiration or termination). Any other fees payable to
the Issuing Banks pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within 10 days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees
shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first
day but excluding the last day).

(c) Administrative
Agent Fees. The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times
as set forth in the Administrative Agent Fee Letter dated November 25, 2024 between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.

(d) Payment
of Fees. All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in Dollars and immediately available funds, to the Administrative
Agent (or to the Issuing Banks, in the case of fees payable to them) for distribution, in the case of facility fees and participation
fees, to the Lenders entitled thereto. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances absent obvious error.

Section 2.11.Interest.

(a) ABR
Loans. The Loans constituting each ABR Borrowing shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Alternate Base Rate plus
the Applicable Margin.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 57 -

(b) Term Benchmark Loans. The Loans
constituting each Term Benchmark Borrowing shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Benchmark for the Interest
Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Margin.

(c) Default
Interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing clauses (a) and (b), if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount
payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration, by mandatory prepayment or otherwise,
such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue
principal of any Loan, 2% plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided above or (ii) in the case of any other
amount, 2% plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.

(d) Payment
of Interest. Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and upon the Maturity
Date; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in
the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Loan prior to the Maturity Date), accrued
interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the
event of any conversion of any Term Benchmark Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Borrowing
shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion.

(e) Computation.
All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the Alternate
Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366
days in a leap year), and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).
The applicable Alternate Base Rate or Term SOFR Rate, shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be
conclusive absent manifest error.

Section 2.12.Alternate Rate of Interest.

(a) Alternate
Rate of Interest. Subject to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) of this Section 2.12, if:

(i) the
Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) prior to the commencement of any Interest
Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Term SOFR Rate (including because
the Term SOFR Reference Rate is not available or published on a current basis) for such Interest Period; or

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 58 -

(ii) the
Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark
Borrowing that the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or
Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period, then the
Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as
practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving
rise to such notice no longer exist and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of
Section 2.06 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, any Interest Election Request that requests
the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that
requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a Borrowing Request for an ABR
Borrowing. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrowers receipt of such notice from
the Administrative Agent, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances
giving rise to such notice no longer exist and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the
terms of Section 2.06 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, any Term Benchmark Loan shall, on the
last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a
Business Day), be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan.

(b) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (and any Hedging Agreement shall be deemed not to be a Loan Document for
purposes of this Section 2.12), if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the
Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance
with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement
will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent
Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document
and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement
for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan
Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date
notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party
to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection
to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders.

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, will have the right to
make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other
Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further
action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 59 -

(d) The
Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (ii) the
implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal
or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability
Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of
Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.12, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence
or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will
be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party
to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.12.

(e) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark
Replacement), (1) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate) and either (a) any tenor for such Benchmark
is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative
Agent in its reasonable discretion or (b) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement
or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative
Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable
or non-representative tenor and (2) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (1) above either (a) is subsequently displayed on a
screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (b) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement
that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may
modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed
tenor.

(f) Upon
the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for
a Term Benchmark Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark
Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing
of or conversion to an ABR Borrowing. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark
is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark,
as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Base Rate.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 60 -

Section
2.13.Increased Costs.

(a) Increased
Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall:

(i) impose,
modify or deem applicable any reserve, compulsory loan, insurance charge, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits
with or for account of, or credit extended by, any Lender or any Issuing Bank; or

(ii) impose
on any Lender or any Issuing Bank any other condition, cost or expense, affecting this Agreement or Term Benchmark Loans made by such
Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein;

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost
(other than costs which are Indemnified Taxes or Excluded Taxes) to such Lenders of making, continuing, converting into or maintaining
any Term Benchmark Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost (other than costs which are Indemnified
Taxes or Excluded Taxes) to such Lender or such Issuing Bank of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce
the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or such Issuing Bank hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise),
then the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, in Dollars, such additional amount or amounts as will
compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.

(b) Capital
Requirements. If any Lender or any Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has
or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders or such Issuing Banks capital or on the capital
of such Lenders or such Issuing Banks holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by,
or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that
which such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lenders or such Issuing Banks holding company could have achieved but for
such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders or such Issuing Banks policies and the policies of such Lenders
or such Issuing Banks holding company with respect to capital adequacy), by an amount deemed to be material by such Lender or such
Issuing Bank, then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, in Dollars, such additional
amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lenders or such Issuing Banks holding company
for any such reduction suffered.

(c) Certificates
from Lenders. A certificate of a Lender or an Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts, in Dollars, necessary to compensate
such Lender or such Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section
shall be promptly delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or such
Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 61 -

(d) Delay
in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall
not constitute a waiver of such Lenders or such Issuing Banks right to demand such compensation; provided that the
Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions
incurred more than six months prior to the date that such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the
Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders or such Issuing Banks intention to claim
compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive,
then the six-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.

Section 2.14.Break Funding Payments. In the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any Term Benchmark Loan prior to the
last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional or mandatory prepayment
of Loans), (ii) the conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (iii)
the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term Benchmark Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto
(regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.09(f) and is revoked in accordance therewith) or (iv) the assignment
of any Term Benchmark Loan prior to the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant
to Section 2.18(b), then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each affected Lender for the loss, cost and expense (other
than lost profits) attributable to such event. Payment under this Section shall be made upon request of a Lender delivered to the Borrower
not later than 10 Business Days following the payment, conversion or failure to borrower, convert, continue or prepay that gives rise
to a claim under this Section, accompanied by a certificate of such Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled
to receive pursuant to this Section, which certificate shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the
amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.

Section 2.15.Taxes.

(a) Payments
Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of an Obligor hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall
be made free and clear of and without deduction for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law; provided that if any applicable
law requires an Obligor to deduct or withhold any Taxes from such payments, then (i) the sum payable by the Obligor shall be increased
as necessary so that after making all required deductions or withholding (including deductions and withholdings applicable to additional
sums payable under this Section) the Administrative Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the
sum it would have received had no such deductions or withholdings been made, (ii) the Obligor shall make such deductions or withholdings
and (iii) the Obligor shall timely pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 62 -

(b) Payment
of Other Taxes by the Borrower. In addition, the Obligors shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority
in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes.

(c) Indemnification
by the Borrower. The Obligors shall jointly and severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Issuing Bank, within
30 Business Days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes
or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by the Administrative Agent,
such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect
thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental
Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Obligors by a Lender or an Issuing Bank, or by
the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(d) Evidence
of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by an Obligor to a Governmental Authority,
the Obligor shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority
evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent.

(e) Status
of Lenders. Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding tax under the law of the jurisdiction in
which an Obligor is located, or any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments under this Agreement shall
deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower, such properly
completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a
reduced rate of withholding.

In addition, any Lender, if requested by the Borrower
or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower
or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject
to backup withholding or information reporting requirements.

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such
documentation set forth in paragraphs (e)(i), (e)(ii), and (g) of this Section) shall not be required if in the
Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed
cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 63 -

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
if the Borrower is resident for tax purposes in the United States,

(i)each Lender and each Issuing Bank that is not a Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative
Agent), prior to the date on which such Issuing Bank or Lender becomes a party to this Agreement, upon expiration or invalidity of any
forms previously delivered and at times reasonably requested by the Borrower, duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9
or any successor form, provided it is legally able to do so at the time.

(ii)any Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by
the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter
upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, but only if such Foreign Lender is legally entitled to do so),
whichever of the following is applicable:

(A) duly
completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E or any successor form claiming eligibility for benefits of an
income tax treaty to which the United States is a party,

(B) duly
completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI or any successor form certifying that the income receivable pursuant to this
Agreement is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States,

(C) in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under section 881(c) of the Code, (A) a certificate
to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not (1) a bank within the meaning of section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (2) a 10
percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or (3) a controlled foreign
corporation described in section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (B) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN
(or any successor form) certifying that the Foreign Lender is not a United States Person, or

(D) any
other form including Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY as applicable prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption
from or a reduction in United States Federal withholding tax duly completed together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed
by applicable law to permit the Borrower to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 64 -

In addition, upon reasonable request of the Borrower
or the Administrative Agent, each Foreign Lender shall deliver such forms promptly upon the expiration or invalidity of any form previously
delivered by such Foreign Lender, provided it is legally able to do so at the time. Each Foreign Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent at any time such Foreign Lender becomes aware that it no longer satisfies the legal requirements to provide
any previously delivered form or certificate to the Borrower (or any other form of certification adopted by the U.S. or other taxing authorities
for such purpose).

(f) [Reserved].

(g) FATCA.
If a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to United States federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such
Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b)
of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by
Law and at such time or times as the Borrower or the Administrative Agent reasonably requests such documentation prescribed by applicable
law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower
or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA
and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and
withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (g), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after
the date of this Agreement.

(h) Treatment
of Certain Refunds. If the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good
faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to
which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section, it shall pay to the Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but
only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section with respect to the Taxes
or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of the Administrative Agent,
any Lender or any Issuing Bank, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority
with respect to such refund), provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing
Bank, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental
Authority) to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank in the event the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing
Bank is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (h),
in no event will the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank be required to pay any amount to the Borrower pursuant to this
paragraph (h) the payment of which would place the Administrative Agent or such Lender in a less favorable net after-Tax position than
the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank would have been in if the indemnification payments or
additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require the Administrative
Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to make available its tax returns or its books or records (or any other information relating to
its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 65 -

(i) Each partys obligations under this Section
shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender,
the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document.

Section 2.16.Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs.

(a) Payments
by the Borrower. The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or
reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or under Section 2.13, 2.14 or 2.15, or otherwise) or under any other Loan Document (except to the
extent otherwise provided therein) prior to 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without
set-off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed
to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made
to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agents Account, except as otherwise expressly provided in the relevant Loan Document
and except payments to be made directly to an Issuing Bank as expressly provided herein and payments pursuant to Sections 2.13, 2.14,
2.15 and 9.03, which shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments
received by it for account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder
shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day and, in the
case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All amounts owing under this
Agreement (including commitment fees, payments required under Section 2.13, and payments required under Section 2.14) or under any other
Loan Document (except to the extent otherwise provided therein) are payable in Dollars.

(b) Application
of Insufficient Payments. If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully
all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first,
to pay interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and
fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, to pay principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due hereunder, ratably among the
parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due to such parties.

(c) Pro
Rata Treatment. Except to the extent otherwise provided herein: (i) each Borrowing shall be made from the Lenders, and each
termination or reduction of the amount of the Commitments under Section 2.07 shall be applied to the respective Commitments of the
Lenders, pro rata according to the amounts of their respective Commitments; (ii) each Borrowing shall be allocated pro rata among
the Lenders according to the amounts of their respective Commitments (in the case of the making of Loans) or their respective Loans
that are to be included in such Borrowing (in the case of conversions and continuations of Loans); (iii) each payment of commitment
fees under Section 2.10 shall be made for account of the Lenders pro rata according to the average daily unused amounts of their
respective Commitments; (iv) each payment or prepayment of principal of Loans by the Borrower shall be made for account of the
Lenders pro rata in accordance with the respective unpaid principal amounts of the Loans held by them; and (v) each payment of
interest on Loans by the Borrower shall be made for account of the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the amounts of interest on
such Loans then due and payable to such Lenders.

(d) Sharing
of Payments by Lenders. If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in
respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements resulting in such Lender receiving payment
of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and accrued interest thereon then
due than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face
value) participations in the Loans and participations in LC Disbursements of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit
of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest
on their respective Loans and participations in LC Disbursements; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and
all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored
to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment
made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration
for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements to any assignee or participant,
other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower
consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation
pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation
as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.

(e) Presumptions of Payment. Unless the
Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the
Administrative Agent for account of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the
Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance
upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the
Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or each of the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, severally
agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or such Issuing Bank with
interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to
the Administrative Agent, at the Federal Funds Effective Rate.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 66 -

(f) Certain
Deductions by the Administrative Agent. If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section
2.04(e), 2.05(b) or 2.16(e), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply
any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for account of such Lender to satisfy such Lenders obligations under
such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid.

Section 2.17.Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting
Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender:

(a) commitment
fees pursuant to Section 2.10(a) shall cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender;

(b) the
Commitment and Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken
or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment or waiver pursuant to Section 9.02), provided that any
waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender, including as set forth in Section 9.02(b)(i),
(ii), (iii), (iv) or (v), shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender;

(c) if any
LC Exposure exists at the time a Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then:

(i) all
or any part of such LC Exposure shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages
but only to the extent (x) in the case of a Defaulting Lender, the sum of all non-Defaulting Lenders Credit Exposures plus such
Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure does not exceed the total of all non-Defaulting Lenders Commitments and (y) no non-Defaulting
Lenders Credit Exposure will exceed such Lenders Commitment;

(ii) if
the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any
right or remedy available to it hereunder or under law, within three Business Days following notice by the Administrative Agent cash collateralize
such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance
with the procedures set forth in Section 2.04(k) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding;

(iii) if the Borrower cash
collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall not be
required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.10(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lenders LC
Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure is cash collateralized;

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 67 -

(iv) if
the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant
to Section 2.10(a) and Section 2.10(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentages;
and

(v) if
any Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure is neither cash collateralized nor reallocated pursuant to this Section 2.17(c), then, without
prejudice to any rights or remedies of any Issuing Bank or any Lender hereunder, all facility fees that otherwise would have been payable
to such Defaulting Lender (solely with respect to the portion of such Defaulting Lenders Commitment that was utilized by such LC
Exposure) and letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.10(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure shall be
payable to the applicable Issuing Bank until such LC Exposure is cash collateralized and/or reallocated; and

(d) so long
as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, an Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it
is satisfied that the related exposure will be 100% covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral will
be provided by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.17(c), and participating interests in any such newly issued or increased Letter
of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.17(c)(i) (and Defaulting Lenders shall
not participate therein).

In the event that the Administrative Agent, the Borrower
and the Issuing Banks (with respect to the Issuing Banks, only to the extent that such Issuing Bank acts in such capacity under the Commitments
held by a Defaulting Lender) each agree that such Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be
a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower shall no longer be required to cash collateralize any portion of such Lenders LC Exposure
cash collateralized pursuant to Section 2.17(c)(ii) above and the LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion
of such Lenders Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders as the Administrative
Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage.

Subject to Section 9.14 no reallocation hereunder
shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become
a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such non-Defaulting Lenders increased exposure
following such reallocation.

Section
2.18. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.

(a) Designation
of a Different Lending Office. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.13, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional
amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.15, then such Lender shall use reasonable
efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder
to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate
or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.13 or 2.15, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to
any cost or expense not required to be reimbursed by the Borrower and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower
hereby agrees to pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such
designation or assignment.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 68 -

(b) Replacement
of Lenders. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.13, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to
any Lender or any Governmental Authority for account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.15, or if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender
or is a non-consenting Lender (as provided in Section 9.02(d)), then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to
such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject
to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an assignee that shall
assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (i) the Borrower
shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and, if a Commitment is being assigned, the Issuing Banks),
which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal
of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder,
from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other
amounts), and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.13 or payments required
to be made pursuant to Section 2.15, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be
required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances
entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.

(c) Defaulting Lender. If any Lender shall
fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.04(e), 2.05 or 9.03(c), then the Administrative Agent may, in
its discretion and notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent
for the account of such Lender for the benefit of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Banks to satisfy such Lenders obligations
under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid, and/or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account
as cash collateral for, and application to, any future funding obligations of such Lender under such Sections, in the case of each of
clauses (i) and (ii) above, in any order as determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion.

Section 2.19.Illegality. If any Lender determines that any Change in Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority
has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined
by reference to SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the Term SOFR Rate, or to determine or charge interest based upon SOFR, the Term
SOFR Reference Rate or the Term SOFR Rate, then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower (through the Administrative Agent)
(an Illegality Notice), (i) any obligation of the Lenders to make Term Benchmark Loans, and any right of the Borrower to
continue Term Benchmark Loans or to convert ABR Loans to Term Benchmark Loans, shall be suspended, and (ii) the interest rate on which
ABR Loans shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c) of the
definition of ABR, in each case until each affected Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances
giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of an Illegality Notice, the Borrower shall, if necessary to avoid such
illegality, upon demand from any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Term Benchmark
Loans to ABR Loans (the interest rate on which ABR Loans shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative
Agent without reference to clause (c) of the definition of ABR), on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if all
affected Lenders may lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Loans to such day, or immediately, if any Lender may not lawfully
continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Loans to such day. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued
interest on the amount so prepaid or converted.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 69 -

Article
III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders
that:

Section 3.01.Organization; Powers. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted
and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required of the Borrower
or such Subsidiary, as applicable.

Section
3.02.Authorization; Enforceability. The Transactions are within the Borrowers corporate powers and have been
duly authorized by all necessary corporate and, if required, by all necessary shareholder action. This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes, and each of the other Loan Documents when executed and delivered will
constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such
enforceability may be limited by (a) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws of general applicability
affecting the enforcement of creditors rights and (b) the application of general principles of equity (regardless of whether
such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

Section 3.03.Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts. The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration
or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except for (i) such as have been or will be obtained or made and are
in full force and effect and (ii) filings and recordings in respect of the Liens created pursuant to the Security Documents, (b) will
not violate any applicable law or regulation in any material respect or the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of
the Borrower or any other Obligors or any order of any Governmental Authority, (c) will not violate or result in a default in any material
respect under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or assets, or give rise
to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by any such Person, and (d) except for the Liens created pursuant to the Security
Documents, will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any other Obligors.

Section 3.04.Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change.

(a) Financial
Statements. The Borrower has heretofore delivered the audited consolidated balance sheet and statements of operations, stockholders
equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, reported on by Ernst
& Young LLP, independent public accountants. Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods
in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis. None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries had as of December 31, 2023 any
material contingent liabilities, liabilities for taxes, unusual forward or long-term commitments or unrealized or anticipated losses from
any unfavorable commitments not reflected in the financial statements referred to above.

(b) No
Material Adverse Change. Since the Original Effective Date, there has not been any event, development or circumstance that has had
or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
3.05.Litigation. There are no actions, suits, investigations or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or
Governmental Authority now pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing against or affecting the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that would
reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) that involve this Agreement
or the Transactions (except, in each case, as disclosed to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent prior to the Effective Date),
other than any litigation between the Borrower and any Defaulting Lender.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 70 -

Section 3.06.Compliance with Laws and Agreements. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws, regulations
and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding
upon it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Obligors is subject to any contract or other arrangement, the performance of which by them would
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.07.Sanctions and Anti-Corruption Laws. The Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures
designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and investment advisors
with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects, and the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge
of the Borrower, their respective employees, officers, directors and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable
Sanctions in all material respects. None of the Borrower or any Subsidiary nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any director, officer,
manager or agent of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, is the subject of any Sanctions or is a Sanctioned Person.

Section 3.08.Taxes. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all material Tax returns
and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all material Taxes required to have been paid by it, except
(a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such Person has set aside on its books adequate
reserves or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.09.ERISA. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such
ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
3.10.Disclosure. None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other written factual information
furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Lenders in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents or delivered hereunder or thereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) (other than
projections, forward-looking information, information of a general economic or general industry nature and all third-party financial
statements or reports) when taken as a whole contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact
necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided
that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith
based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.

Section 3.11.Investment Company Act; Margin Regulations.

(a) Status
as Business Development Company. The Borrower is an investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business
development company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act and qualifies as a RIC.

(b) Compliance
with Investment Company Act. The business and other activities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the making of the Loans
hereunder, the application of the proceeds and repayment thereof by the Borrower and the consummation of the Transactions contemplated
by the Loan Documents do not result in a violation or breach in any material respect of the provisions of the Investment Company Act or
any rules, regulations or orders issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, in each case, that are applicable to the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries.

(c) Investment
Policies. The Borrower is in compliance with all written investment policies, restrictions and limitations for the Borrower delivered
to the Lenders prior to the Effective Date (the Investment Policies), except to the extent that the failure to so
comply could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Use
of Credit. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the
business of extending credit for the purpose, whether immediate, incidental or ultimate, of buying or carrying Margin Stock, and no part
of the proceeds of any extension of credit hereunder will be used to buy or carry any Margin Stock.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 71 -

Section 3.12.Material Agreements and Liens.

(a) Material
Agreements. Part A of Schedule II is a complete and correct list of each credit agreement, loan agreement, indenture, note purchase
agreement, guarantee, letter of credit or other arrangement providing for or otherwise relating to any Indebtedness or any extension of
credit (or commitment for any extension of credit) to, or guarantee by, the Borrower or any Obligor outstanding on the Effective Date,
and the aggregate principal or face amount outstanding or that may become outstanding under each such arrangement in each case as of the
Effective Date is correctly described in Part A of Schedule II.

(b) Liens. Part B of Schedule II is a
complete and correct list of each Lien securing Indebtedness of any Person outstanding on the Effective Date covering any property
of the Borrower or any Obligors, and the aggregate Indebtedness secured (or that may be secured) by each such Lien and the property
covered by each such Lien is correctly described in Part B of Schedule II.

Section 3.13.Subsidiaries and Investments.

(a) Subsidiaries.
Set forth in Part A of Schedule IV is a complete and correct list of all of the Subsidiaries of the Borrower on the Effective Date together
with, for each such Subsidiary, (i) the jurisdiction of organization of such Subsidiary, (ii) each Person holding ownership interests
in such Subsidiary, (iii) the nature of the ownership interests held by each such Person and the percentage of ownership of such Subsidiary
represented by such ownership interests and (iv) whether such Subsidiary is a Designated Subsidiary or an Excluded Asset. Except as disclosed
in Part A of Schedule IV, (x) the Borrower owns, free and clear of Liens (other than any lien permitted by Section 6.02 hereof), and has
(and will have) the unencumbered right to vote, all outstanding ownership interests in each Person shown to be held by it in Part A of
Schedule IV, (y) all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of each such Person organized as a corporation is validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable and (z) there are no outstanding Equity Interests with respect to such Person. Each Subsidiary identified on Part
A of Schedule IV as a Designated Subsidiary qualifies as such under the definition of Designated Subsidiary
set forth in Section 1.01.

(b) Investments.
Set forth in Part B of Schedule IV is a complete and correct list of all Investments (other than Investments of the types referred to
in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of Section 6.04) held by any of the Obligors in any Person on the Effective Date and, for each such Investment,
(x) the identity of the Person or Persons holding such Investment and (y) the nature of such Investment. Except as disclosed in Part B
of Schedule IV, as of the Effective Date, each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries owns, free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted
Liens or Liens created pursuant to the Security Documents), all such Investments.

Section 3.14.Properties.

(a) Title
Generally. Each of the Borrower and the other Obligors has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its real and personal
property material to its business, except for minor defects in title that do not interfere with its ability to conduct its business as
currently conducted or to utilize such properties for their intended purposes.

(b) Intellectual
Property. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed to use, all trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents and
other intellectual property material to its business, and the use thereof by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries does not infringe upon
the rights of any other Person, except for any such infringements that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
3.15. Affiliate Agreements. As of the Effective Date, the Borrower has heretofore delivered (to the extent not
otherwise publicly filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission) to each of the Lenders true and complete copies of each of the
Affiliate Agreements (including any amendments, supplements or waivers executed and delivered thereunder and any schedules and
exhibits thereto). As of the date of hereof, each of the Affiliate Agreements is in full force and effect.

Section 3.16.Security Documents. The provisions of the Security Documents are effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent
for the benefit of the Secured Parties a legal, valid and enforceable first priority Lien (subject to Liens permitted by Section 6.02)
on all right, title and interest of the respective Obligors in the Collateral described therein to secure the Secured Obligations, except
for any failure that would not constitute an Event of Default under Section 7.01(p). Except for (a) filing of UCC financing statements
and filings as may be required under applicable law or otherwise contemplated hereby and by the Security Documents and (b) the taking
of possession or control by the Collateral Agent of the Collateral with respect to which a security interest may be perfected by possession
or control, no filing or other action will be necessary to perfect such Liens to the extent required thereunder, except for any filing
or action, the absence of which would not constitute an Event of Default under Section 7.01(p).

Section 3.17.Affected Financial Institutions. No Obligor is an Affected Financial Institution.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 72 -

Article
IV

CONDITIONS

Section 4.01.Effective Date. This Agreement shall become effective on the date on which the Administrative Agent shall have received
each of the following documents, each of which shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (and to the extent specified below, to
each Lender) in form and substance (or such condition shall have been waived in accordance with Section 9.02):

(a) Executed
Counterparts. From each of the parties hereto, either (i) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (ii) written
evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy or electronic transmission of a signed signature page to
this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement.

(b) Fees and Expenses.
Evidence of the payment by the Borrower of all fees payable to the Lenders on the Effective Date that the Borrower has agreed to pay
in connection with this Agreement. The Borrower shall have paid all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including the
reasonable and documented legal fees of Milbank LLP) for which invoices have been presented at least three Business Days prior to
the Effective Date that the Borrower has agreed to pay in connection with this Agreement.

(c) Opinion
of Counsel to the Obligors. A favorable written opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the Effective
Date) of Dechert LLP, as New York counsel for the Obligors, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent,
and of Dechert LLP, as Delaware counsel for the Borrower, in substantially the form of Exhibit C, and in each case covering such other
matters relating to the Obligors, this Agreement or the Transactions as the Required Lenders shall reasonably request.

(d) Opinion
of Special New York Counsel to JPMCB. An opinion, dated the Effective Date, of Milbank LLP, special New York counsel to JPMCB in substantially
the form of Exhibit D (and JPMCB hereby instructs such counsel to deliver such opinion to the Lenders).

(e) Corporate
Documents. Such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization,
existence and good standing of the Obligors, the authorization of the Transactions and any other legal matters relating to the Obligors,
this Agreement or the Transactions, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel.

(f) Officers
Certificate. A certificate, dated the Effective Date and signed by the President, a Vice President, the Chief Executive Officer or
a Financial Officer of the Borrower, confirming compliance with the conditions set forth in the lettered clauses of the first sentence
of Section 4.02.

(g) Liens.
(i) Results of a recent lien search in each relevant jurisdiction with respect to the Borrower, which search shall reveal no liens on
any of the assets of the Obligors except for liens permitted under Section 6.02 or under the respective Security Documents and liens to
be discharged on or prior to the Effective Date pursuant to documentation satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and (ii) copies of all
UCC financing statements and similar documents required to be filed in order to create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit
of the Lenders, a first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral (to the extent that such a security interest may be perfected
by a filing under the Uniform Commercial Code).

(h) Guarantee
and Security Agreement Confirmation. The Guarantee and Security Agreement Confirmation, duly executed and delivered by each of the
parties thereto.

(i) Borrowing Base Certificate.
A Borrowing Base Certificate, dated as of a date not more than five days prior to the Effective Date, updated to reflect any changes
to the calculation of the Borrowing Base or the Covered Debt Amount as of the Effective Date.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 73 -

(j) Valuation
Policy. A copy of the Valuation Policy.

(k) Financial
Statements. Copies of the audited consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations, statement of changes in net assets, statements
of cash flows and schedules of investments of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. The Administrative
Agent and the Lenders acknowledge having received the financial statements referred to above.

(l) Consents.
Certified copies of all consents, approvals, authorizations, registrations or filings required to be made or obtained by the Borrower
and all Subsidiary Guarantors in connection with the Transactions, which shall be in full force and effect.

(m) Know
Your Customer Documentation. Upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender at least three (3) Business Days
prior to the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall have received documentation and other information required
by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations.

(n) Other
Documents. Such other documents as the Administrative Agent or any Lender or special New York counsel to JPMCB may reasonably request.

(o) Effective
Date Adjustments. Evidence that each Lender under the Existing Credit Agreement shall have, as of the Effective Date,
received payment in full of all accrued and unpaid interest, facility fees and letter of credit participation fees owing to such Lender
under the Existing Credit Facility and the Borrowings and other adjustments to the Loans described in Section 2.02(e) shall have occurred.

Section 4.02.Each Credit Event. The obligation of each Lender to make any Loan, and of each Issuing Bank to issue, amend, renew
or extend any Letter of Credit, is additionally subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

(a) the
representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in this Agreement and in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in
all material respects (or, in the case of the representations and warranties in Sections 3.01 (first sentence with respect to the Obligors),
3.02, 3.04, 3.11 and 3.15 of this Agreement, and in Sections 2.01, 2.02 and 2.04 through 2.09 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement,
true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of such Loan or the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such
Letter of Credit, as applicable, or, as to any such representation or warranty that refers to a specific date, as of such specific date;

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 74 -

(b) at
the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Loan or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit,
as applicable, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; and

(c) either
(i) the aggregate Covered Debt Amount (after giving effect to such extension of credit) shall not exceed the Borrowing Base reflected
on the Borrowing Base Certificate most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent or (ii) the Borrower shall have delivered an updated
Borrowing Base Certificate demonstrating that the Covered Debt Amount (after giving effect to such extension of credit) shall not exceed
the Borrowing Base after giving effect to such extension of credit as well as any concurrent acquisitions of Portfolio Investments or
payment of outstanding Loans or Permitted Indebtedness or Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(g), Section 6.01(i), or Section
6.01(j).

Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of
a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified
in the preceding sentence.

Article
V

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated
and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall
have expired or been terminated and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders
that:

Section 5.01.Financial Statements and Other Information. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent (for prompt distribution
to each Lender):

(a) within
90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, the audited consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations
and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form
the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by Ernst & Young LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized
national standing to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition
and results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied; provided
that the requirements set forth in this clause (a) may be fulfilled by providing to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders the report
of the Borrower to the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-K for the applicable fiscal year;

(b) within 45 days after the end of
each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, the consolidated balance sheet and related statements
of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed
portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as
of the end of) the corresponding period or periods of the previous fiscal year, all certified by a Financial Officer of the Borrower
as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the
absence of footnotes; provided that the requirements set forth in this clause (b) may be fulfilled by providing to the
Lenders the report of the Borrower to the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-Q for the applicable quarterly period;

(c) concurrently
with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) of this Section, a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower
(i) certifying as to whether the Borrower has knowledge that a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details
thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating
compliance with Sections 6.01, 6.02, 6.04, 6.05 and 6.07 and (iii) stating whether any change in GAAP as applied by (or in the application
of GAAP by) the Borrower has occurred since the date of the audited financial statements referred to in Section 3.04 and, if any such
change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate;

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 75 -

(d) as
soon as available and in any event not later than the last Business Day of the calendar month following each monthly accounting period
(ending on the last day of each calendar month) of the Borrower, a Borrowing Base Certificate as at the last day of such accounting period
presenting (i) the Borrowers computation of the Borrowing Base (and including the rationale for any industry reclassification)
and including a certification of a Financial Officer as to compliance with Section 6.03(d) and 6.04(d) during the period covered by such
Borrowing Base Certificate and (ii) the ratio of the Gross Borrowing Base to the Combined Debt Amount (showing the components of the Combined
Debt Amount);

(e) promptly but no later than five
Business Days after the Borrower shall at any time have knowledge that there is a Borrowing Base Deficiency or a Contingent
Borrowing Base Deficiency, a Borrowing Base Certificate as at the date the Borrower has knowledge of such Borrowing Base Deficiency
or Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency indicating the amount of the Borrowing Base Deficiency or Contingent Borrowing Base
Deficiency, as applicable, as at the date the Borrower obtained knowledge of such deficiency and the amount of the Borrowing Base
Deficiency or Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency, as applicable, as of the date not earlier than one Business Day prior to the
date the Borrowing Base Certificate is delivered pursuant to this paragraph;

(f) promptly
upon receipt thereof, copies of all significant reports of the Borrowers independent public accountants in connection with each
annual, interim or special audit or review of any type of the financial statements or related internal control systems of the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries delivered by such accountants to the management or board of directors of the Borrower;

(g) promptly
after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by any
of the Obligors with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of
the Securities and Exchange Commission, or with any national securities exchange, as the case may be;

(h) within
45 days after the end of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower and 90 days after the end of each fiscal
year of the Borrower, a schedule setting forth in reasonable detail with respect to each Portfolio Investment with respect to which there
has been a sale in the most recently completed fiscal quarter (i) the quantity sold of each Portfolio Investment, (ii) the value assigned
to each Portfolio Investment as of the prior quarter end, (iii) the weighted average sale price of each Portfolio Investment, and (iv)
the variance between clauses (ii) and (iii) above;

(i) within
45 days after the end of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower and 90 days after the end of each fiscal
year of the Borrower, a schedule setting forth in reasonable detail with respect to each Portfolio Investment, the aggregate amount of
all accrued paid-in-kind interest for such Portfolio Investment during the most recently ended fiscal quarter;

(j) within
45 days after the end of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower and 90 days after the end of each fiscal
year of the Borrower, a schedule setting forth in reasonable detail with respect to each Portfolio Investment (i) the quantity held of
each Portfolio Investment, (ii) the value assigned to each Portfolio Investment as of the prior quarter end, (iii) the value assigned
to each Portfolio Investment as of the current quarter end, and (iv) the variance between clauses (ii) and (iii) above;

(k) within
45 days after the end of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower and 60 days after the end of each fiscal
year of the Borrower, any report that the Borrower receives from the Custodian listing the Portfolio Investments, as of the current quarter
end, held in an account subject to a Custodian Agreement; and

(l) promptly following any request
therefor, such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender
may reasonably request.

Notwithstanding anything in this Section 5.01 to the contrary, the
Borrower shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements of this Section 5.01 (other than Sections 5.01(c), (d) and (e)) if the reports,
documents and other information of the type otherwise so required are publicly available when required to be filed on EDGAR at the www.sec.gov
website or any successor service provided by the Securities and Exchange Commission, provided notice of such availability is provided
to the Administrative Agent at or prior to the time period required by this Section 5.01.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 76 -

Section 5.02.Notices of Material Events. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent for distribution to each Lender
written notice of the following promptly upon becoming aware thereof:

(a) the
occurrence of any Default;

(b) the
filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting the
Borrower or any of its Affiliates that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

(c) the
occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, would reasonably be expected to
result in liability of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding $50,000,000; and

(d) any
other development that results in, or would reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect.

Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a
statement of a Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or development requiring
such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto.

Section 5.03.Existence; Conduct of Business. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be
done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits,
privileges and franchises material to the conduct of its business; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation,
liquidation or dissolution not prohibited under Section 6.03.

Section
5.04.Payment of Obligations. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay its obligations,
including tax liabilities and material contractual obligations, that, if not paid, would reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is
being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) the Borrower or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate
reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (c) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.05.Maintenance of Properties; Insurance. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (a) keep and
maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and
(b) maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily
maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations.

Section 5.06.Books and Records; Inspection Rights. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep books of
record and account in accordance with GAAP in all material respects. The Borrower will, and will cause each other Obligor to, permit any
representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon reasonable prior notice to the Borrower, to visit and inspect
its properties during normal business hours, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances
and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times as reasonably requested, in each case, to the
extent such inspection or requests for such information are reasonable and such information can be provided or discussed without violation
of law, rule, regulation or contract and except as such inspection or requests would violate any confidentiality obligation binding on
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or would jeopardize any attorney-client privilege; provided that the Borrower shall be
entitled to have its representatives and advisors present during any inspection of its books and records and during any discussion with
its independent accountants or independent auditors; provided, further, that, so long as no Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing, no more than one (1) such inspection shall be conducted in any calendar year.

Section 5.07.Compliance with Laws; Anti-Corruption; Sanctions. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to,
comply with all laws, rules and regulations, including the Investment Company Act, any applicable rules, regulations or orders issued
by the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder and orders of any other Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property,
except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect. The Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries
and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 77 -

Section
5.08.Certain Obligations Respecting Subsidiaries; Further Assurances.

(a) Subsidiary
Guarantors. In the event that any Obligor shall form or acquire any new Domestic Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Asset), the Borrower
will cause such new Subsidiary to become a Subsidiary Guarantor (and, thereby, an Obligor) under a Guarantee Assumption Agreement within
thirty (30) days (or such longer period as shall be reasonably agreed by the Administrative Agent) following such Person becoming a new
Domestic Subsidiary and to deliver such proof of corporate or other action, incumbency of officers, opinions of counsel and other documents
as are consistent with those delivered by the Borrower pursuant to Section 4.01 upon the Effective Date.

(b) Ownership
of Subsidiaries. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, take such action from time to time as shall be necessary
to ensure that each of its Subsidiaries is a wholly owned Subsidiary (other than any Subsidiary that is an Excluded Asset).

(c) Further
Assurances. The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiary Guarantors to, take such action from time to time as shall reasonably
be requested by the Administrative Agent to effectuate the purposes and objectives of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiary Guarantors to, take such action from time to time (including
filing appropriate Uniform Commercial Code financing statements and executing and delivering such assignments, security agreements and
other instruments) as shall be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent:

(i) to
create, in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Lenders (and any affiliate thereof that is a party to any Hedging Agreement
entered into with the Borrower) and the holders of any Other Secured Indebtedness, perfected security interests and Liens in the Collateral;
provided that any such security interest or Lien shall be subject to the relevant requirements of the Security Documents; provided
further, that in the case of any Collateral consisting of voting stock of any Controlled Foreign Corporation, such security interest
shall be limited to 65% of the issued and outstanding voting stock of such Controlled Foreign Corporation,

(ii)subject to Section 7.04 of the Security Agreement, to cause any bank or securities intermediary (within the meaning of the Uniform
Commercial Code) to enter into such arrangements with the Collateral Agent as shall be appropriate in order that the Collateral Agent
has control over each bank account or securities account of the Obligors, and in connection therewith, the Borrower agrees
to cause all cash and other proceeds of Portfolio Investments received by any Obligor to be promptly deposited into such an account (or
otherwise delivered to, or registered in the name of, the Collateral Agent) and, until such deposit, delivery or registration such cash
and other proceeds shall be held in trust by the Borrower for and as the property of the Collateral Agent and shall not be commingled
with any other funds or property of such Obligor or of any Designated Subsidiary or other Person,

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 78 -

(iii) [Reserved].

(iv) in
the case of any Portfolio Investment consisting of a Bank Loan that does not constitute all of the credit extended to the underlying borrower
under the relevant underlying loan documents and an Excluded Asset holds any interest in the loans or other extensions of credit under
such loan documents, (x) cause such Excluded Asset to be party to such underlying loan documents as a lender having a direct
interest (or a participation not acquired from an Obligor) in such underlying loan documents and the extensions of credit thereunder and
(y) ensure that all amounts owing to such Obligor or Excluded Asset by the underlying borrower or other obligated party are remitted by
such borrower or obligated party directly to separate accounts of such Obligor and such Excluded Asset,

(v) in
the event that any Obligor is acting as an agent or administrative agent under any loan documents with respect to any Bank Loan that does
not constitute all of the credit extended to the underlying borrower under the relevant underlying loan documents, ensure that all funds
held by such Obligor in such capacity as agent or administrative agent are segregated from all other funds of such Obligor and clearly
identified as being held in an agency capacity and

(vi) cause
all loan and other documents relating to any Portfolio Investment to be held by (x) the Collateral Agent or (y) the Custodian pursuant
to the terms of the Custodian Agreement (or another custodian reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), or pursuant to an
appropriate intercreditor agreement, so long as the Custodian (or custodian) has agreed to grant access to such loan and other documents
to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to an access or similar agreement between the Borrower and such Custodian (or custodian)
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

Section
5.09.Use of Proceeds. The Borrower will use the proceeds of the Loans only for general corporate purposes of the
Borrower in the ordinary course of business, including in connection with the acquisition and funding (either directly or through
one or more wholly-owned Subsidiaries) of Portfolio Investments; provided that neither the Administrative Agent nor any
Lender shall have any responsibility as to the use of any of such proceeds. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used in
violation of Sanctions or any other applicable law or, directly or indirectly, for the purpose, whether immediate, incidental or
ultimate, of buying or carrying any Margin Stock. Margin Stock shall be purchased by the Obligors only with the proceeds of
Indebtedness not directly or indirectly secured by Margin Stock (within the meaning of Regulation U), or with the proceeds of equity
capital of the Borrower. Without limiting the foregoing, no Obligor will directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Loans (A)
in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value,
to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities,
business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, to the extent such activities, businesses or
transaction would be prohibited by Sanctions if conducted by a corporation incorporated in the United States, or (C) in any manner
that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto.

Section 5.10.Status of RIC and BDC. The Borrower shall at all times maintain its status as a RIC under the Code, and as a business
development company under the Investment Company Act.

Section 5.11.Investment and Valuation Policies. The Borrower shall promptly advise the Lenders and the Administrative Agent of
any material change in either the Investment Policies or the Valuation Policy.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 79 -

Section 5.12.Portfolio Valuation and Diversification, Etc.

(a) Industry
Classification Groups. For purposes of this Agreement, the Borrower shall assign each Portfolio Investment to an Industry Classification
Group. Such Portfolio Investment may be assigned by the Borrower to an Industry Classification Group that is most closely correlated to
such Portfolio Investment. In the absence of any correlation, the Borrower shall be permitted, upon notice to the Administrative Agent
and each Lender to create up to three additional industry classification groups for purposes of this Agreement.

(b) Portfolio
Valuation Etc.

(i) Settlement
Date Basis. For purposes of this Agreement, all determinations of whether an investment is to be included as a Portfolio Investment
shall be made on a settlement date basis (meaning that any investment that has been purchased will not be treated as a Portfolio Investment
until such purchase has settled, and any Portfolio Investment which has been sold will not be excluded as a Portfolio Investment until
such sale has settled); provided that no such investment shall be included as a Portfolio Investment to the extent it has not been
paid for in full.

(ii) Determination
of Values. The Borrower will conduct reviews of the value to be assigned to each of its Portfolio Investments as follows:

(A) Quoted
InvestmentsExternal Review. With respect to Portfolio Investments (including Cash Equivalents) for which market quotations
are readily available (Quoted Investments), the Borrower shall, not less frequently than once each calendar week,
determine the market value of such Portfolio Investments which shall, in each case, be determined in accordance with one of the following
methodologies (as selected by the Borrower):

(w) in
the case of public and 144A securities, the average of the bid prices as determined by two Approved Dealers selected by the Borrower,

(x) in
the case of bank loans, the average of the bid prices as determined by at least two Approved Dealers selected by such Borrower or an Approved
Pricing Service which makes reference to at least two Approved Dealers with respect to such bank loans,

(y) in
the case of any Portfolio Investment traded on an exchange, the closing price for such Portfolio Investment most recently posted on such
exchange, and

(z) in
the case of any other Portfolio Investment, the fair value thereof as determined by an Approved Pricing Service; and

(B) Unquoted
InvestmentsExternal Review. With respect to Portfolio Investments for which market quotations are not readily available (Unquoted
Investments), the Borrower shall value such Portfolio Investments quarterly in a manner consistent with the Valuation Policy
of Benefit Street Partners L.L.C. (the Valuation Policy), including valuation of at least 35% by value of all Unquoted
Investments using the assistance of an Approved Third Party Appraiser.

(C) Internal
Review. The Borrower shall, at least once each calendar week, conduct an internal review of the aggregate value of the Portfolio Investments
included in the Borrowing Base, and of the Borrowing Base, which shall take into account any events of which the Borrower has knowledge
that materially affect the aggregate value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base. If, based upon such weekly internal
review, the Borrower determines that a Borrowing Base Deficiency exists, then the Borrower shall, within five Business Days as provided
in Section 5.01(c), deliver a Borrowing Base Certificate reflecting the new amount of the Borrowing Base and shall take the actions, and
make the payments and prepayments (and/or provide cover for LC Exposure), all as more specifically set forth in Section 2.09(b).

(D) Failure
to Determine Values. If the Borrower shall fail to determine the value of any Portfolio Investment as at any date pursuant to the
requirements of the foregoing sub-clauses (A) through (C), the Value of such Portfolio Investment as at such date shall
be deemed to be zero;

provided that, in no event shall any Portfolio Investment
be valued pursuant to the foregoing requirements less frequently than annually.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 80 -

(iii) Scheduled
Testing of Values.

(A) As of March 31, June 30,
September 30 and December 31 of each calendar year (each a Valuation Testing Date), the Administrative Agent
through an Independent Valuation Provider will test the values determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii) above of those Portfolio
Investments included in the Borrowing Base selected by the Administrative Agent; provided, that the aggregate fair value of
such Portfolio Investments tested on any Valuation Testing Date will be approximately equal to the Tested Amount (as defined
below).

(B) For
purposes of this Agreement, the Tested Amount shall be equal to the greater of: (i) an amount equal to (y) 125% of
the Covered Debt Amount (as of the applicable Valuation Testing Date) minus (z) the sum of the values of all Quoted Investments
included in the Borrowing Base (as of the applicable Valuation Testing Date) and (ii) 10% of the aggregate value of all Unquoted Investments
included in the Borrowing Base; provided, however, in no event shall more than 25% (or, if clause (ii) applies, 10%, or
as near thereto as reasonably practicable) of the aggregate value of the Unquoted Investments in the Borrowing Base be tested by the Independent
Valuation Provider in respect of any applicable Valuation Testing Date.

(C) With
respect to any Portfolio Investment, if the value of such Portfolio Investment determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii) is not more
than the lesser of (1) five points more than the midpoint of the valuation range (expressed as a percentage of par) provided by the Independent
Valuation Provider (provided that the value of such Portfolio Investment is customarily quoted as a percentage of par) and (2)
110% of the midpoint of the valuation range provided by the Independent Valuation Provider, then the value for such Portfolio Investment
determined in accordance with Section 5.12(b)(ii) shall be used as the Value for purposes of this Agreement. If the
value of any Portfolio Investment determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii) is more than the lesser of the values set forth in clauses
(C)(1) and (2) (to the extent applicable), then for such Portfolio Investment, the Value for purposes of this Agreement
shall be the lesser of (x) the highest value of the valuation range provided by the Independent Valuation Provider, (y) five points more
than the midpoint of the valuation range (expressed as a percentage of par) provided by the Independent Valuation Provider (provided
that the value of such Portfolio Investment is customarily quoted as a percentage of par) and (z) 110% of the midpoint of the valuation
range provided by the Independent Valuation Provider. For the avoidance of doubt, any values determined by the Independent Valuation Provider
pursuant to this Section 5.12(b)(iii) or Section 5.12(b)(iv) shall be used solely for purposes of determining the Value of a Portfolio
Investment under this Agreement and shall not be deemed to be the fair value of such asset as required under ASC 820 and the Investment
Company Act.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 81 -

(iv) Supplemental
Testing of Values.

(A) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Administrative Agent, individually or at the request of the Required Lenders, shall at any time have the right to request,
in its reasonable discretion, any Portfolio Investment included in the Borrowing Base with a value determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii)
to be independently tested by the Independent Valuation Provider. There shall be no limit on the number of such tests that may be requested
by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. If (x) the value determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii) is less than the
value determined by the Independent Valuation Provider, then the value determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii) shall be used as the
Value for purposes of this Agreement and (y) the value determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii) is greater than
the value determined by the Independent Valuation Provider and the difference between such values is: (1) less than 5% of the value determined
pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii), then the value determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii) shall be used as the Value
for purposes of this Agreement; (2) between 5% and 20% of the value determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii), then the Value
of such Portfolio Investment for purposes of this Agreement shall be the average of the value determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii)
and the value determined by such Independent Valuation Provider; and (3) greater than 20% of the value determined pursuant to Section
5.12(b)(ii), then the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall retain an additional Approved Third Party Appraiser and the Value
of such Portfolio Investment for purposes of this Agreement shall be the average of the three valuations (with the Independent Valuation
Providers value to be used as the Value until the third value is obtained).

(B) The
Value of any Portfolio Investment for which the Independent Valuation Providers value is used shall be the midpoint of the range
(if any) determined by the Independent Valuation Provider. The Independent Valuation Provider shall apply a recognized valuation methodology
that is commonly accepted by the business development company industry for valuing Portfolio Investments of the type being valued and
held by the Obligors.

(C) All
valuations shall be made on a settlement date basis. For the avoidance of doubt, the Value of any Portfolio Investment determined in accordance
with this Section 5.12 shall be the Value of such Portfolio Investment for purposes of this Agreement until a new Value for such Portfolio
Investment is subsequently determined in good faith in accordance with this Section 5.12.

(D) The reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket costs of any valuation reasonably incurred by the Administrative Agent under this Section 5.12 shall be at the expense
of the Borrower; provided that the Borrowers obligation to reimburse valuation costs pursuant to supplemental testing
under Section 5.12(b)(iv)(A) above shall be limited to the greater of (x) $100,000 and (y) 0.015% of the total facility size
in any 12 month period.

(E) In
addition, the values determined by the Independent Valuation Provider shall be deemed to be Information hereunder and subject to Section
9.12 hereof.

(c) Investment
Company Diversification Requirements. The Borrower, on a consolidated basis with its Subsidiaries will at all times (i) comply in
all material respects with the portfolio diversification and similar requirements set forth in the Investment Company Act applicable to
business development companies and (ii) subject to applicable grace periods set forth in the Code, comply with the portfolio diversification
and similar requirements set forth in the Code applicable to RICs, where applicable.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 82 -

Section 5.13.Calculation of Borrowing Base. For purposes of this Agreement, the Borrowing Base shall be determined,
as at any date of determination, as the sum of the Advance Rates of the Value of each Portfolio Investment, provided that:

(a) if,
as of such date, the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is (i) greater than or equal to 2.00:1:00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion
of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments of all issuers in a consolidated group of corporations or other entities in accordance
with GAAP exceeding 6% of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments in the Collateral Pool, shall be 50% of the otherwise applicable
Advance Rate; (ii) less than 2.00:1:00 and greater than or equal to 1.75:1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate
Value of the Portfolio Investments of all issuers in a consolidated group of corporations or other entities in accordance with GAAP exceeding
5% of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments in the Collateral Pool, shall be 50% of the otherwise applicable Advance Rate or
(iii) less than 1.75:1:00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments of all issuers
in a consolidated group of corporations or other entities in accordance with GAAP exceeding 4% of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio
Investments in the Collateral Pool, shall be 50% of the otherwise applicable Advance Rate;

(b) if, as of such date, the Relevant Asset
Coverage Ratio is (i) greater than or equal to 2.00:1:00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the
Portfolio Investments of all issuers in a consolidated group of corporations or other entities in accordance with GAAP exceeding 12%
of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments in the Collateral Pool shall be 0%; (ii) less than 2.00:1:00 and greater than or
equal to 1.75:1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments of all issuers
in a consolidated group of corporations or other entities in accordance with GAAP exceeding 10% of the aggregate Value of all
Portfolio Investments in the Collateral Pool shall be 0% or (iii) less than 1.75:1:00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion
of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments of all issuers in a consolidated group of corporations or other entities in
accordance with GAAP exceeding 8% of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments in the Collateral Pool shall be 0%;

(c) if,
as of such date, the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is (i) greater than or equal to 2.00:1:00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion
of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments in any single Industry Classification Group that exceeds 25% of the aggregate Value
of all Portfolio Investments in the Collateral Pool shall be 0%, (ii) less than 2.00:1:00 and greater than or equal to 1.75:1.00, the
Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments in any single Industry Classification Group
that exceeds 20% of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments in the Collateral Pool shall be 0%, provided that, with respect
to Portfolio Investments in the Collateral Pool in a single Industry Classification Group from time to time designated by the Borrower
to the Administrative Agent, such 20% figure shall be increased to 25%, or (iii) less than 1.75:1:00, the Advance Rate applicable to that
portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments in any single Industry Classification Group that exceeds 20% of the aggregate
Value of all Portfolio Investments in the Collateral Pool shall be 0%;

(d) if,
as of such date, the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is (i) greater than or equal to 2.00:1:00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion
of the aggregate Value of the Borrowers investments in Non-Core Investments shall be 0% to the extent necessary so that no more
than 20% of the Borrowing Base is attributable to such investments, (ii) less than 2.00:1:00 and greater than or equal to 1.75:1.00, the
Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Borrowers investments in Non-Core Investments shall be 0%
to the extent necessary so that no more than 10% of the Borrowing Base is attributable to such investments or (iii) less than 1.75:1:00,
the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Borrowers investments in Non-Core Investments shall be
0% to the extent necessary so that no more than 5% of the Borrowing Base is attributable to such investments;

(e) if,
as of such date, the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is (i) less than 2.00:1:00 and greater than or equal to 1.75:1.00, the Advance Rate
applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Borrowers investments in Junior Investments and Non-Core Investments shall
be 0% to the extent necessary so that no more than 30% of the Borrowing Base is attributable to such investments or (ii) less than 1.75:1:00,
the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Borrowers investments in Junior Investments and Non-Core
Investments shall be 0% to the extent necessary so that no more than 20% of the Borrowing Base is attributable to such investments;

(f) the
Advance Rate applicable to the Borrowers investments in any Excluded Asset shall be 0%; and

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 83 -

(g) if, as of such date, (i) (A) the Borrowing
Base (without giving effect to any adjustment required pursuant to this paragraph (g), the Gross Borrowing
Base) is less than 1.5 times the Senior Debt Amount and (B) the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is less than 2.00:1:00 and
greater than or equal to 1.75:1.00, then the Borrowing Base shall be reduced to the extent necessary such that the contribution of
Senior Investments to the Borrowing Base may not be less than 60% of the Covered Debt Amount, (ii) (A) the Gross Borrowing Base is
less than 1.5 times the Senior Debt Amount and (B) the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is less than 1.75:1.00, then the Borrowing Base
shall be reduced to the extent necessary such that the contribution of Senior Investments to the Borrowing Base may not be less than
75% of the Covered Debt Amount or (iii) (A) the Gross Borrowing Base is greater than or equal to 1.5 times the Senior Debt Amount
and (B) the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is less than 1.75:1.00, then the Borrowing Base shall be reduced to the extent necessary
such that the contribution of Senior Investments to the Borrowing Base may not be less than 25% of the Covered Debt Amount.

No Portfolio Investment may be included in the Borrowing
Base until such time as such Portfolio Investment has been Delivered (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) to the Collateral
Agent, and then only for so long as such Portfolio Investment continues to be Delivered as contemplated therein; provided that
in the case of any Portfolio Investment in which the Collateral Agent has a first-priority perfected security interest pursuant to a valid
Uniform Commercial Code filing (and for which no other method of perfection with a higher priority is possible), such Portfolio Investment
may be included in the Borrowing Base so long as all remaining actions to complete Delivery are satisfied within 5 Business
Days of such inclusion. Voting stock of any Controlled Foreign Corporation in excess of 65% of the issued and outstanding voting stock
of such Controlled Foreign Corporation shall not be included as a Portfolio Investment for purposes of calculating the Borrowing Base.

For the avoidance of doubt, to avoid double-counting
of excess concentrations, any Advance Rate reductions set forth under this Section 5.13 shall be without duplication of any other such
Advance Rate reductions. For purposes of the categorization of each Portfolio Investment in accordance with this Section 5.13, the amount
of any first lien debt or EBITDA with respect to any Portfolio Investment shall be determined using the most recent quarterly
valuation determined in accordance with the Valuation Policy.

As used herein, the following terms have
the following meanings:

Advance Rate means, as to any
Portfolio Investment as of any date and subject to adjustment as provided in Section 5.13(a) through (g) and as provided below based on
the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio as of such date, the following percentages with respect to such Portfolio Investment:

Portfolio
Investment1 Relevant
Asset

Coverage Ratio > 2.00:1:00 2.00:1:00
> 

Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio > 1.75:1.00 1.75:1:00
> 

Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio > 1.50:1.00 

Quoted Unquoted Quoted Unquoted Quoted Unquoted 

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-Term U.S. Government Securities 100 % n.a. 100 % n.a. 100 % n.a. 

Long-Term U.S. Government Securities 95 % n.a. 95 % n.a. 95 % n.a. 

Performing First Lien Bank Loans 85 % 75 % 85 % 75 % 85 % 75 %

Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans 85 % 75 % 80 % 70 % 75 % 65 %

Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans 80 % 70 % 75 % 65 % 70 % 60 %

Performing Second Lien Bank Loans 75 % 65 % 70 % 60 % 65 % 55 %

Performing Cash Pay High Yield Securities 70 % 60 % 65 % 55 % 60 % 50 %

Performing Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments 65 % 55 % 60 % 50 % 55 % 45 %

Performing Non-Cash Pay Bank Loans 65 % 55 % 60 % 50 % 55 % 45 %

Performing Non-Cash Pay High Yield Securities 60 % 50 % 55 % 45 % 50 % 40 %

Performing Non-Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments 55 % 45 % 50 % 40 % 45 % 35 %

Performing Preferred Equity 55 % 45 % 50 % 40 % 45 % 35 %

Non-Performing First Lien Bank Loans 45 % 45 % 40 % 40 % 35 % 35 %

Non-Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans 45 % 45 % 40 % 40 % 35 % 35 %

Non-Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans 40 % 35 % 35 % 30 % 30 % 25 %

Non-Performing Second Lien Bank Loans 40 % 30 % 35 % 25 % 30 % 20 %

Non-Performing High Yield Securities 30 % 30 % 25 % 25 % 20 % 20 %

Non-Performing Mezzanine Investments 30 % 25 % 25 % 20 % 20 % 20 %

Performing Common Equity 30 % 20 % 25 % 20 % 20 % 20 %

Non-Performing Preferred Equity 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 %

Non-Performing Common Equity 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 %

1 The above categories are intended to be indicative of the traditional
investment types in a fully capitalized issuer. All determinations of whether a particular portfolio investment belongs to one category
or another shall be made by the Borrower on a consistent basis with the foregoing.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 84 -

Bank Loans means debt obligations
(including, without limitation, term loans, revolving loans, debtor-in-possession financings, the funded and unfunded portion of revolving
credit lines and letter of credit facilities and other similar loans and investments including interim loans and senior subordinated loans)
which are generally under a loan or credit facility.

Capital Stock of any Person
means any and all shares of corporate stock (however designated) of, and any and all other equity interests and participations representing
ownership interests (including membership interests and limited liability company interests) in, such Person. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Agreement, any Portfolio Investment for which either of Encina Equipment Finance, LLC or Siena Capital Finance,
LLC is the issuer or primary obligor shall be treated as Capital Stock for all purposes under this Agreement.

Cash Pay Bank Loans means First
Lien Bank Loans, First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans, First Lien Last Out Bank Loans and Second Lien Bank Loans as to which, at the time
of determination, all of the interest on which is payable not less frequently than quarterly and for which not less than 2/3rds of the
interest (including accretions and pay-in-kind interest) for the current monthly or quarterly period (as applicable) is
payable in cash.

CDO Securities means debt securities,
equity securities or composite or combination securities (i.e. securities consisting of a combination of debt and equity securities that
are issued in effect as a unit), including synthetic securities that provide synthetic credit exposure to debt securities, equity securities
or composite or combination securities, that entitle the holders thereof to receive payments that (i) depend on the cash flow from
a portfolio consisting primarily of ownership interests in debt securities, corporate loans or asset-backed securities or (ii) are
subject to losses owing to credit events (howsoever defined) under credit derivative transactions with respect to debt securities, corporate
loans or asset-backed securities.

First Lien Bank Loan means a
Bank Loan that is entitled to the benefit of a first lien and first priority perfected security interest (subject to any Permitted Prior
Working Capital Lien and other customary encumbrances) on a substantial portion of the assets of the respective borrower and guarantors
obligated in respect thereof, provided that any First Lien Bank Loan that is also a First Lien Unitranche Bank Loan shall be treated
for purposes of determining the applicable Advance Rate as a First Lien Unitranche Bank Loan; provided, further, that any
First Lien Bank Loan that is also a First Lien Last Out Bank Loan shall be treated for purposes of determining the applicable Advance
Rate as a First Lien Last Out Bank Loan.

First Lien Last Out Bank
Loan means a Bank Loan that is a First Lien Bank Loan, a portion of which is, in effect, subject to debt subordination
and superpriority rights of other lenders following an event of default (such portion, a last out portion), provided,
that the aggregate principal amount of the last out portion of such Bank Loan is at least 50% of the aggregate
principal amount of any first out portion of such Bank Loan, provided, further, that the underlying
obligor with respect to such Bank Loan shall have a ratio of first lien debt (including the first out portion of such
Bank Loan, but excluding the last out portion of such Bank Loan) to EBITDA that does not exceed 3.25:1.00 and a ratio
of aggregate first lien debt (including both the first out portion and the last out portion of such Bank
Loan) to EBITDA that does not exceed 5.25:1.00. An Obligors investment in the last out portion of a First Lien
Last Out Bank Loan shall be treated as a First Lien Last Out Bank Loan for purposes of determining the applicable Advance Rate for
such Portfolio Investment under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, an Obligors investment in the portion of such
Bank Loan that is not the last out portion (the first out portion) shall be treated as a First Lien Bank Loan for
purposes of determining the applicable Advance Rate for such Portfolio Investment under this Agreement and an Obligors
investment in any last out portion of a First Lien Bank Loan that does not meet the foregoing criteria shall be
treated as a Second Lien Bank Loan.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 85 -

First Lien Unitranche Bank Loan
means a First Lien Bank Loan with a ratio of first lien debt to EBITDA that exceeds 5.25:1.00 and the underlying borrower of which does
not also have a Second Lien Bank Loan outstanding.

High Yield Securities means
debt Securities (a) issued by public or private issuers, (b) issued pursuant to an effective registration statement or pursuant to Rule
144A under the Securities Act (or any successor provision thereunder) and (c) that are not Cash Equivalents, Mezzanine Investments or
Bank Loans.

Junior Investments means, collectively,
Performing Cash Pay High Yield Securities and Performing Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments.

Long-Term U.S. Government Securities
means U.S. Government Securities maturing more than one month from the applicable date of determination.

Mezzanine Investments means
debt Securities (including convertible debt Securities (other than the in-the-money equity component thereof)) (a) issued
by public or private issuers, (b) issued without registration under the Securities Act, (c) not issued pursuant to Rule 144A under the
Securities Act (or any successor provision thereunder), (d) that are not Cash Equivalents and (e) contractually subordinated in right
of payment to other debt of the same issuer.

Non-Core Investments means,
collectively, Portfolio Investments in common equity, warrants, Non-Performing Bank Loans, Non-Performing High Yield Securities, Non-Performing
Mezzanine Investments, Performing Non-Cash Pay High Yield Securities, Performing Preferred Equity, Performing Non-Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments,
Performing Non-Cash Pay Bank Loans and Performing Common Equity.

Non-Performing Bank Loans means,
collectively, Non-Performing First Lien Bank Loans, Non-Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans, Non-Performing First Lien Unitranche
Loans and Non-Performing Second Lien Bank Loans.

Non-Performing Common Equity
means Capital Stock (other than Preferred Stock) and warrants of an issuer having any debt outstanding that is non-Performing.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 86 -

Non-Performing First Lien Bank Loans
means First Lien Bank Loans other than Performing First Lien Bank Loans.

Non-Performing First Lien Last Out Bank
Loans means First Lien Last Out Bank Loans other than Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans.

Non-Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank
Loans means First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans other than Performing First Lien Unitranche Loans.

Non-Performing High Yield Securities
means High Yield Securities other than Performing High Yield Securities.

Non-Performing Mezzanine Investments
means Mezzanine Investments other than Performing Mezzanine Investments.

Non-Performing Preferred Equity
means Preferred Equity other than Performing Preferred Equity.

Non-Performing Second Lien Bank Loans
means Second Lien Bank Loans other than Performing Second Lien Bank Loans.

Performing means (a) with respect
to any Portfolio Investment that is debt, the issuer of such Portfolio Investment is not in default of any payment obligations in respect
thereof, after the expiration of any applicable grace period and (b) with respect to any Portfolio Investment that is Preferred Stock,
the issuer of such Portfolio Investment has not failed to meet any scheduled redemption obligations or to pay its latest declared cash
dividend, after the expiration of any applicable grace period.

Performing Cash Pay High Yield Securities
means High Yield Securities (a) as to which, at the time of determination, not less than 2/3rds of the interest (including accretions
and pay-in-kind interest) for the current monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual period (as applicable) is payable in
cash and (b) which are Performing.

Performing Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments
means Mezzanine Investments (a) as to which, at the time of determination, not less than 2/3rds of the interest (including accretions
and pay-in-kind interest) for the current monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual period (as applicable) is payable in
cash and (b) which are Performing.

Performing Common Equity means
Capital Stock (other than Preferred Stock) and warrants of an issuer all of whose outstanding debt is Performing.

Performing First Lien Bank Loans
means First Lien Bank Loans which are Cash Pay Bank Loans and are Performing.

Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans
means First Lien Last Out Bank Loans which are Cash Pay Bank Loans and are Performing.

Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans
means First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans which are Cash Pay Bank Loans and are Performing.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 87 -

Performing High Yield Securities
means High Yield Securities which are Performing.

Performing Mezzanine Investments
means Mezzanine Investments which are Performing.

Performing Non-Cash Pay Bank Loans
means a Bank Loan that is Performing and is not a Cash Pay Bank Loan.

Performing Non-Cash Pay High Yield Securities
means Performing High Yield Securities other than Performing Cash Pay High Yield Securities.

Performing Non-Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments
means Performing Mezzanine Investments other than Performing Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments.

Performing Preferred Equity
means Preferred Stock of an issuer that has not failed to meet any scheduled redemption obligations or to pay its latest declared cash
dividend, after the expiration of any applicable grace period.

Performing Second Lien Bank Loans
means Second Lien Bank Loans which are Cash Pay Bank Loans and are Performing.

Permitted Prior Working Capital Lien
means, with respect to any borrower under a Bank Loan, a security interest to secure a revolving facility for such borrower and any of
its subsidiaries; provided that (i) such Bank Loan has a second priority lien on the collateral that is subject to the first priority
lien of such revolving facility (or a pari passu lien on such collateral where the revolving facility has a super-priority right
of payment), (ii) such revolving facility is not secured by any other assets (other than a pari passu lien or a second priority
lien, subject to the first priority lien of the Bank Loan) and does not benefit from any standstill rights or other agreements (other
than customary rights) with respect to any other assets and (iii) the maximum outstanding amount of such revolving facility is not greater
than the lower of (a) 1.0x EBITDA of the borrower under such Bank Loan, and (b) 20% of the outstanding amount of the associated First
Lien Bank Loan.

Preferred Stock, as applied
to the Capital Stock of any Person, means Capital Stock of such Person of any class or classes (however designated) that ranks prior,
as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of such Person, to any shares (or other interests) of other Capital Stock of such Person, and shall include, without limitation, cumulative
preferred, non-cumulative preferred, participating preferred and convertible preferred Capital Stock.

Second Lien Bank Loan means
a Bank Loan that is entitled to the benefit of a second lien and second priority perfected security interest (subject to customary encumbrances)
on a substantial portion of the assets of the respective borrower and guarantors obligated in respect thereof.

Senior Investments means Cash,
Cash Equivalents, Short-Term U.S. Government Securities, Long-Term U.S. Government Securities, Performing First Lien Bank Loans, Performing
First Lien Unitranche Loans, and Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 88 -

Securities means common and
preferred stock, units and participations, member interests in limited liability companies, partnership interests in partnerships, notes,
bonds, debentures, trust receipts and other obligations, instruments or evidences of indebtedness, including debt instruments of public
and private issuers and tax-exempt securities (including warrants, rights, put and call options and other options relating thereto, representing
rights, or any combination thereof) and other property or interests commonly regarded as securities or any form of interest or participation
therein, but not including Bank Loans.

Securities Act means the United
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Senior Debt Amount means, on
any date, the greater of (i) the Covered Debt Amount and (ii) the Combined Debt Amount.

Short-Term U.S. Government Securities
means U.S. Government Securities maturing within one month of the applicable date of determination.

Value means with respect to
any Portfolio Investment, the most recent value as determined pursuant to Section 5.12.

Article
VI

NEGATIVE COVENANTS

Until the Commitments have expired or terminated
and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired
or terminated and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that:

Section 6.01.Indebtedness. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any other Obligor to, create, incur, assume or permit to
exist any Indebtedness, except:

(a) Indebtedness
created hereunder or under any other Loan Document;

(b) Permitted
Indebtedness in an aggregate amount that, at the time of incurrence thereof, taken together with the Indebtedness permitted under clauses
(a), (g), (i), (j) and (l) of this Section 6.01, (1) does not exceed the amount required to comply with the provisions of Section 6.07(b)
and (2) will not result in the Covered Debt Amount exceeding the Borrowing Base, so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have
occurred or be continuing after giving effect to the incurrence of such Permitted Indebtedness;

(c) Other
Permitted Indebtedness;

(d) Indebtedness
of the Borrower to or from any other Obligor or Indebtedness of an Obligor to or from another Obligor;

(e) repurchase
obligations arising in the ordinary course of business with respect to U.S. Government Securities;

(f) obligations
payable to clearing agencies, brokers or dealers in connection with the purchase or sale of securities in the ordinary course of business;

(g) other
Indebtedness (including the portion of any Other Secured Indebtedness amortizing in excess of 1% per annum described in clause
(i) of the definition thereof and (y) Contingent Secured Indebtedness in excess of the Contingent Secured Indebtedness permitted pursuant
to clause (o) below, provided no Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency is continuing at the time of incurrence or would result from the
incurrence thereof) in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not exceeding the Additional Debt Amount at any time and that, at the
time of incurrence thereof, taken together with the Indebtedness permitted under clauses (a), (b), (i), (j), (l) and (o) of this Section
6.01, (1) does not exceed the amount required to comply with the provisions of Section 6.07(b) and (2) will not result in the Covered
Debt Amount exceeding the Borrowing Base, so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing after giving
effect to the incurrence of such other Indebtedness;

(h) obligations
(including Guarantees) in respect of Standard Securitization Undertakings;

(i) Shorter Term Unsecured Indebtedness in an
aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding, that, in each case, taken together with indebtedness permitted under clauses
(a), (b), (g), (j) and (l) of this Section 6.01, (1) does not exceed the amount required to comply with the provisions of Section
6.07(b), and (2) will not result in the Covered Debt Amount exceeding the Borrowing Base, so long as no Default or Event of Default
shall have occurred or be continuing after giving effect to the incurrence of such Shorter Term Unsecured Indebtedness; provided
that in no event shall (x) the aggregate principal amount of Shorter Term Unsecured Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this Section
6.01(i) exceed $500,000,000 or (y) the aggregate principal amount of Shorter Term Unsecured Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this
Section 6.01(i) and all Special Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness incurred pursuant
to Section 6.01(j) exceed $1,000,000,00; 

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 89 -

(j) Special
Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount, taken together with all Shorter Term Unsecured Indebtedness incurred
pursuant to Section 6.02(i) hereof, not to exceed $1,000,000,000; provided that, in each case, at the time of incurrence thereof,
no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing after giving effect to the incurrence of such indebtedness and that,
taken together with Indebtedness permitted under clauses (a), (b), (g), (i) and (l) of this Section 6.01, (1) such Indebtedness does not
exceed the amount required to comply with the provisions of Section 6.07(b) and (2) the incurrence of such Indebtedness will not result
in the Covered Debt Amount exceeding the Borrowing Base;

(k) Permitted
SBIC Guarantees;

(l) any
Indebtedness set forth on Schedule III;

(m) obligations
under Hedging Agreements entered into in the ordinary course of any Obligors financial planning and not for speculative purposes;

(n) Indebtedness
secured by a Lien granted pursuant to Section 6.02(c) or 6.02(h) and attributable to an Obligor in accordance with clause (e) of the definition
of Indebtedness to the extent that recourse of the underlying creditor to such Obligor is limited to the assets securing
such Lien; and

(o) Contingent
Secured Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $110,000,000 outstanding (so long as, on the date of incurrence of
such Contingent Secured Indebtedness and immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of such Contingent Secured Indebtedness and
any Concurrent Transaction, (i) no Borrowing Base Deficiency shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii) no Contingent Borrowing Base
Deficiency shall have occurred and be continuing), so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing immediately after
giving effect to the incurrence of such Contingent Secured Indebtedness.

Section 6.02.Liens. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any other Obligor to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any
Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, or assign or sell any income or revenues (including accounts receivable)
or rights in respect of any thereof (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include participations in Investments to the extent
that the portion of such Investment represented by such participation is not treated as a Portfolio Investment), except:

(a) any
Lien on any property or asset of the Borrower existing on the Effective Date and set forth in Part B of Schedule II, provided that
(i) no such Lien shall extend to any other property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantors and (ii) any such Lien shall
secure only those obligations which it secures on the Effective Date and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase
the outstanding principal amount thereof;

(b) Liens
created pursuant to the Security Documents;

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 90 -

(c) Liens
on Special Equity Interests but only to the extent securing obligations in the manner provided in the definition of Special Equity
Interests in Section 1.01;

(d) Liens
securing Indebtedness or other obligations (including Liens on Portfolio Investments, but only to the extent such Portfolio Investments
have been released from the Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent in accordance with the requirements of Section 10.03 of the Guarantee
and Security Agreement or, if such Indebtedness or obligations have been designated by the Borrower as Designated Indebtedness
under the Guarantee and Security Agreement, such Indebtedness or obligations are secured on a pari passu basis with the Lien created
under the Security Documents) in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not exceeding the Additional Debt Amount at any time, so long
as at the time of the granting of such Lien, (i) the aggregate amount of Indebtedness permitted under clauses (a), (b), (g), (i), and
(j) of Section 6.01 does not exceed the amount required to comply with the provisions of Section 6.07(b) and (ii) the Covered Debt Amount
does not exceed the Borrowing Base;

(e) Liens
on an Obligors direct ownership interests in Excluded Assets (Excluded Asset Liens) but only to the extent
that at the time any such Lien is incurred, no more than 25% of the Value of all Obligors direct ownership interests in all Excluded
Assets (calculated as of the most recently delivered financial statements) have become subject to an Excluded Asset Lien or have been
transferred pursuant to Section 6.03(e);

(f) Permitted
Liens;

(g) Liens
on an Obligors Equity Interests in any SBIC Subsidiary created in favor of the SBA;

(h) Liens
on the direct ownership or economic interests of any Obligor in an Excluded Asset to secure obligations owed to a creditor of such Excluded
Asset; and

(i) Liens
on Cash and Cash Equivalents constituting cash collateral in connection with Hedging Agreements permitted under Section 6.04(c).

Section
6.03.Fundamental
Changes and Dispositions of Assets. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any other Obligor to, enter into any transaction
of merger or consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution). The
Borrower will not, nor will it permit any other Obligor to, acquire any business or property from, or capital stock of, or be a
party to any acquisition of, any Person, except for purchases or acquisitions of Portfolio Investments and other assets in the
normal course of the day-to-day business activities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and not in violation of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any other Obligor to, convey,
sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of, in one transaction or a series of transactions, any part of its assets, whether now
owned or hereafter acquired, but excluding (x) assets sold or disposed of in the ordinary course of business (including Dispositions
of Portfolio Investments and to make expenditures of cash in the normal course of the day-to-day business activities of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries) (other than the transfer of Portfolio Investments to Excluded Assets), (y) subject to the provisions of clause
(d) below, Portfolio Investments (to the extent not otherwise included in clause (x) of this Section) and (z) subject to the
provisions of clause (e) below, any Obligors ownership interest in any Excluded Asset.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 91 -

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this
Section:

(a) any
Subsidiary Guarantor of the Borrower may be merged or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any other Subsidiary Guarantor; provided
that if any such transaction shall be between a Subsidiary Guarantor and a wholly owned Subsidiary Guarantor, the wholly owned Subsidiary
Guarantor shall be the continuing or surviving corporation;

(b) any
Obligor may sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to the Borrower
or any wholly owned Subsidiary Guarantor of the Borrower;

(c) the
capital stock of any Subsidiary of the Borrower may be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of (including by way of consolidation or
merger) (i) to the Borrower or any wholly owned Subsidiary Guarantor of the Borrower or (ii) so long as such transaction results in an
Obligor receiving the proceeds of such disposition, to any other Person, provided that in the case of this clause (ii) if such
Subsidiary is a Subsidiary Guarantor or holds any Portfolio Investments, the Borrower would have been permitted to designated such Subsidiary
as a Designated Subsidiary hereunder and would not have been prohibited from disposing of any such Portfolio Investments
to such other Person under any other term of this Agreement;

(d) the
Obligors may sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of Portfolio Investments (other than direct ownership interests in Excluded Assets) to
an Excluded Asset so long as (i) after giving effect to such sale, transfer or disposition (and any concurrent acquisitions of Portfolio
Investments or payment of outstanding Loans) the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base and (ii) either (x) the amount
of any excess availability under the Borrowing Base immediately prior to such sale, transfer or disposition is not diminished as a result
of such release or (y) the Gross Borrowing Base immediately after giving effect to such sale, transfer or disposition is at least 110%
of the Covered Debt Amount;

(e) the
Obligors may sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of direct ownership interests in any Excluded Asset to any Subsidiary that is not
an Obligor, if after giving effect to such sale, transfer or other disposition, no more than 25% of the Value of all Obligors
direct ownership interests in all Excluded Assets (calculated as of the date of the most recently delivered financial statements on
or prior to the date of such sale, transfer or other disposition) are subject to Excluded Asset Liens or have been sold, transferred
or otherwise disposed of to a Subsidiary that is not an Obligor pursuant to this clause (e); provided that, notwithstanding
that a transfer may violate such 25% limitation, such transfer shall nevertheless be permitted if it is required by law, rule,
regulation or interpretive position of the Securities and Exchange Commission;

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 92 -

(f) the
Borrower may merge or consolidate with, or acquire all or substantially all of the assets of, any other Person so long as (i) the Borrower
is the continuing or surviving entity in such transaction and (ii) at the time thereof and after giving effect to such transaction, no
Default shall have occurred or be continuing;

(g) the
Borrower or the other Obligors may dissolve or liquidate (i) any Subsidiary that does not own, legally or beneficially, assets (including,
without limitation, Portfolio Investments) which in the aggregate have a value of $1,000,000 or more at such time of dissolution or liquidation
or (ii) any SBIC Subsidiary, provided that no portion of any Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of
such SBIC Subsidiary (a) is, or would as a result of dissolution or liquidation hereunder become, recourse to or obligate the Borrower
or any other Obligor (other than any SBIC Subsidiary) in any way, or (b) subjects, or would as a result of dissolution or liquidation
hereunder subject, any property of the Borrower or any other Obligor (other than any SBIC Subsidiary) to the satisfaction of such Indebtedness;

(h) the
Borrower and the other Obligors may sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of equipment or other property or assets that do not consist
of Portfolio Investments so long as the aggregate amount of all such sales, leases, transfer and dispositions does not exceed $25,000,000
in any fiscal year; and

(i) foreclosures
on any assets subject to a Lien permitted by Section 6.02(c) or 6.02(h) shall be permitted by this Section;

provided that in no event shall the Borrower enter into any
transaction of merger or consolidation or amalgamation, or effect any internal reorganization, if the surviving entity would be organized
under any jurisdiction other than a jurisdiction of the United States.

Section 6.04.Investments. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any other Obligor to, acquire, make or enter into, or hold,
any Investments except:

(a) operating
deposit accounts with banks;

(b) Investments
held by the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors in the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors;

(c) Hedging
Agreements entered into in the ordinary course of any Obligors financial planning and not for speculative purposes;

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 93 -

(d) Portfolio
Investments held by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including investments in Excluded Assets) to the extent such Portfolio Investments
are permitted under the Investment Company Act and the Investment Policies; provided that, if such Portfolio Investment is not
included in the Collateral Pool, then (i) after giving effect to such Portfolio Investment (and any concurrent acquisitions of Portfolio
Investments that are included in the Collateral Pool or payment of outstanding Loans), the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing
Base and (ii) either (x) the amount of any excess availability under the Borrowing Base immediately prior to the acquisition of such Portfolio
Investment is not diminished as a result of such acquisition or (y) the Gross Borrowing Base immediately after giving effect to the acquisition
of such Portfolio Investment is at least 110% of the Covered Debt Amount; and

(e) additional
Investments up to but not exceeding $25,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding.

For purposes of clause (e) of this Section, the aggregate amount of
an Investment at any time shall be deemed to be equal to (A) the aggregate amount of cash, together with the aggregate fair value of property,
loaned, advanced, contributed, transferred or otherwise invested that gives rise to such Investment (calculated at the time such Investment
is acquired) minus (B) the aggregate amount of dividends, distributions or other payments received in cash in respect of such Investment;
provided that in no event shall the aggregate amount of such Investment be deemed to be less than zero; provided, further,
that the amount of an Investment shall not in any event be reduced by reason of any write-off of such Investment or increased by any
increase in the amount of earnings retained in the Person in which such Investment is made that have not been dividended, distributed
or otherwise paid out.

Section 6.05.Restricted Payments. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any other Obligor to, declare or make, or agree to
pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except that the Borrower or any Obligor may declare and pay:

(a) dividends
with respect to the capital stock of the Borrower to the extent payable in additional shares of the Borrowers common stock;

(b) dividends
and distributions in either case in cash or other property (excluding for this purpose the Borrowers common stock) in
or with respect to any taxable year (or any calendar year, as relevant) of the Borrower in amounts not to exceed 110% of the higher
of (x) the net investment income of the Borrower for the applicable year determined in accordance with GAAP and as specified in the
annual financial statements most recently delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) and (y) the amount that is estimated in good
faith by the Borrower to be required to (i) reduce to zero for such taxable year or for the previous taxable year, its investment
company taxable income (within the meaning of section 852(b)(2) of the Code), and reduce to zero the tax imposed by section
852(b)(3) of the Code, and (ii) avoid federal excise taxes for such taxable year (or for the previous taxable year) imposed by
section 4982 of the Code (or analogous state Taxes payable by the Borrower);

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 94 -

(c) [Reserved];

(d) other
Restricted Payments so long as (i) on the date of such other Restricted Payment and after giving effect thereto (x) no Borrowing Base
Deficiency or Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency exists and the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed 90% of the Gross Borrowing Base
and (y) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii) on the date of such other Restricted Payment the Borrower delivers to
the Administrative Agent and each Lender a Borrowing Base Certificate as at such date demonstrating compliance with subclause (x) after
giving effect to such Restricted Payment. For purposes of preparing such Borrowing Base Certificate, (A) the Value of any Quoted Investment
shall be the most recent quotation available for such Portfolio Investment and (B) the Value of any Unquoted Investment shall be the Value
set forth in the Borrowing Base Certificate most recently delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant
to Section 5.01(d), provided that the Borrower shall reduce the Value of any Portfolio Investment referred to in this sub-clause
(B) to the extent necessary to take into account any events of which the Borrower has knowledge that adversely affect the value of such
Portfolio Investment.

In calculating the amount of Restricted Payments
made by the Borrower during any period referred to in paragraph (b) or (c) above, any Restricted Payments made by Designated Subsidiaries
or any other Excluded Asset that is a Subsidiary during such period (other than any such Restricted Payments that are made directly or
indirectly to the Borrower or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries) shall be treated as Restricted Payments made by the Borrower during
such period.

Nothing herein shall be deemed to prohibit the payment
of Restricted Payments by any Subsidiary Guarantor of the Borrower to the Borrower or to any other Subsidiary Guarantor.

For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower shall not
declare any dividend to the extent such declaration violates the provisions of the Investment Company Act applicable to it.

Section
6.06.Certain
Restrictions on Subsidiaries. The Borrower will not permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Assets) to enter into or
suffer to exist any indenture, agreement, instrument or other arrangement (other than the Loan Documents or any indenture, agreement,
instrument or other arrangement entered into in connection with Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 to the extent any such indenture,
agreement, instrument or other arrangement does not prohibit or restrain, in each case in any material respect, or impose materially
adverse conditions upon, the requirements applicable to such Subsidiaries under the Loan Documents) that prohibits or restrains, in each
case in any material respect, or imposes materially adverse conditions upon, the incurrence or payment of Indebtedness, the granting
of Liens, the declaration or payment of dividends, the making of loans, advances, guarantees or Investments or the sale, assignment,
transfer or other disposition of property, other than any agreement that imposes such restrictions only on Equity Interests in Excluded
Assets.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 95 -

Section 6.07.Certain Financial Covenants.

(a) Minimum
Shareholders Equity. The Borrower will not permit Shareholders Equity at the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower
to be less than $1,358,481,617 plus 50% of the net proceeds of the sale of Equity Interests by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
after the Effective Date.

(b) Asset
Coverage Ratio. The Borrower will not permit the Asset Coverage Ratio to be less than 1.50 to 1.00 at any time.

Section 6.08.Transactions with Affiliates. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any other Obligors to enter into any transactions
with any of its Affiliates, even if otherwise permitted under this Agreement, except (a) transactions in the ordinary course of business
at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Borrower or such other Obligor than could be obtained on an arms-length
basis from unrelated third parties, (b) transactions between or among the Borrower and any other Obligors not involving any other Affiliate,
(c) Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.05, (d) the transactions provided in the Affiliate Agreements, (e) transactions described
or referenced on Schedule V, (f) any Investment that results in the creation of an Affiliate, (g) transactions between or among the Obligors
and any SBIC Subsidiary at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Obligors than could be obtained at the time on
an arms-length basis from unrelated third parties, (h) transactions approved by a majority of the independent members of the board
of directors of the Borrower, (i) Investments in Subsidiaries permitted by Section 6.04, (j) asset sales to Subsidiaries under Section
6.04, (k) servicing arrangements with respect to Portfolio Investments, (l) payment of compensation to directors and officers and indemnities
to directors and officers, (m) Standard Securitization Undertakings and (n) Back-to-Back Transactions.

Section 6.09.Lines of Business. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage in any business in
a manner that would violate the Investment Policies in any material respect.

Section
6.10.No
Further Negative Pledge. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any other Obligors to, enter into any agreement, instrument,
deed or lease which prohibits or limits in any material respect the ability of any Obligor to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist
any Lien upon any of its properties, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or which requires the grant of any
security for an obligation if security is granted for another obligation, except (a) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; (b)
covenants in documents creating Liens permitted by Section 6.02 prohibiting further Liens on the assets encumbered thereby; (c) customary
restrictions contained in leases not subject to a waiver; (d) any agreement that imposes such restrictions only on Equity Interests in
Excluded Assets; (e) the underlying governing agreements of any minority equity interest that impose such restrictions only on such equity
interest; and (f) any other agreement that does not restrict in any manner (directly or indirectly) Liens created pursuant to the Loan
Documents on any Collateral and does not require (other than pursuant to a grant of a Lien under the Loan Documents) the direct or indirect
granting of any Lien securing any Indebtedness or other obligation by virtue of the granting of Liens on or pledge of property of any
Obligor to secure the Loans, or any Hedging Agreement.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 96 -

Section 6.11.Modifications
of Certain Documents. The Borrower will not consent to any modification, supplement, or waiver of (a) any of the provisions
of any agreement, instrument or other document evidencing or relating to any Permitted Indebtedness, Shorter Term Unsecured
Indebtedness, Specified Existing Bond Indebtedness or Specified Existing Bonds that would result in such Permitted Indebtedness,
Shorter Term Unsecured Indebtedness, or Specified Existing Bond Indebtedness, as applicable, not meeting the requirements of the
definition of Permitted Indebtedness, Shorter Term Unsecured Indebtedness, or Specified Bond
Indebtedness, as applicable, set forth in Section 1.01 of this Agreement; provided, that the Borrower may consent
to any such modification, supplement, or waiver if the Indebtedness subject to such modification, supplement, or waiver would still
be permitted under Section 6.01 after giving effect to such modification, supplement, or waiver, or (b) any of the
Affiliate Agreements or the Custodian Agreement, unless such modification, supplement or waiver is not materially less favorable to
the Borrower than could be obtained on an arms-length basis from unrelated third parties, in each case, without the prior
consent of the Administrative Agent (with the approval of the Required Lenders).

Section 6.12.Payments of Other Indebtedness. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any other Obligor to, purchase, redeem,
retire or otherwise acquire for value, or set apart any money for a sinking, defeasance or other analogous fund for the purchase, redemption,
retirement or other acquisition of, or make any voluntary payment or prepayment of the principal of or interest on, or any other amount
owing in respect of, any Permitted Indebtedness, Shorter Term Unsecured Indebtedness, Specified Existing Bond Indebtedness or any other
Indebtedness that is not then included in the Covered Debt Amount (other than (x) payments and prepayments of Contingent Secured Indebtedness
and (y) the refinancing of such Indebtedness with Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01), except for:

(a) regularly
scheduled payments, prepayments or redemptions of principal and interest in respect thereof required pursuant to the instruments evidencing
such Indebtedness;

(b) payments
and prepayments thereof required to comply with the requirements of Section 2.09(b); and

(c) other
payments and prepayments of Permitted Indebtedness, Shorter Term Unsecured Indebtedness, Special Longer Term Unsecured Indebtedness,
Specified Existing Bond Indebtedness or any other Indebtedness that is not then included in the Covered Debt Amount, provided
that such Indebtedness has the earliest maturity of all such Indebtedness, so long as at the time of and immediately after giving effect
to such payment, (i) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii) if such payment were treated as a Restricted Payment for
the purposes of determining compliance with Section 6.05(d), such payment would be permitted to be made under Section 6.05(d);

provided that, in the case of clauses (a) through (c) above,
in no event shall any Obligor be permitted to prepay or settle (whether as a result of a mandatory redemption, conversion or otherwise)
any such Indebtedness, including any cash settlement of convertible debt, if after giving effect thereto, the Covered Debt Amount would
exceed the Borrowing Base.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 97 -

Article
VII

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

SECTION 7.01. Events of Default. If any of
the following events (Events of Default) shall occur and be continuing:

(a) the
Borrower shall (i) fail to pay any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement when and as
the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise or (ii)
fail to deposit any amount into the Letter of Credit Collateral Account as required by Section 2.08(a) on the Commitment Termination Date;

(b) the
Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of
this Article) payable under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such
failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five or more Business Days;

(c) any representation or warranty made (or
deemed made pursuant to Section 4.02) by or on behalf of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in this Agreement or any other Loan
Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document
furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or
thereof, shall prove to have been incorrect when made or deemed made in any material respect and if capable of being remedied
(together with its adverse consequences), shall continue (or its adverse consequences shall continue) unremedied for a period of 10
or more Business Days after the earlier of notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower and the Borrowers
actual knowledge thereof; provided that, the Borrower may cure any Default or Event of Default arising solely from the delivery of
any certificate or report with an inaccuracy, by delivering within three (3) Business Days of knowledge by the Borrower thereof a
corrected certificate or report so long as (i) any Borrowing, sale, disposition or other action of the Borrower or any other Obligor
that was taken in reliance on such certificate or report containing such inaccuracy would have also been permitted hereunder if such
Borrowing, sale, disposition or other action had been taken in reliance on the corrected certificate or report and (ii) the Borrower
did not have knowledge of such inaccuracy at the time such certificate or report that included such inaccuracy was delivered;

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 98 -

(d) the
Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in (i) Section 5.03 (with respect to the Borrowers
existence) or Sections 5.08(a) and (b) or in Article VI or any Obligor shall default in the performance of any of its obligations contained
in Section 7 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement or (ii) Sections 5.01(d) and (e) or 5.02 and such failure shall continue unremedied
for a period of five or more Business Days after notice thereof by the Administrative Agent (given at the request of any Lender) to the
Borrower;

(e) a Borrowing
Base Deficiency or Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency shall occur and continue unremedied for a period of five or more Business Days
after delivery of a Borrowing Base Certificate demonstrating such Borrowing Base Deficiency or Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency pursuant
to Section 5.01(e), provided that it shall not be an Event of Default hereunder if the Borrower shall present the Administrative
Agent with a reasonably feasible plan to enable such Borrowing Base Deficiency or Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency to be cured within
30 Business Days (which 30-Business Day period shall include the five Business Days permitted for delivery of such plan), so long as such
Borrowing Base Deficiency or Contingent Borrowing Base Deficiency is cured within such 30-Business Day period; provided further,
such 30-Business Day period shall be extended to a 45-Business Day period solely to the extent provided in Section 2.09(b) in order to
cure any failure to satisfy Section 5.13(g);

(f) the
Borrower or any other Obligor, as applicable, shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this
Agreement (other than those specified in clause (a), (b), (d) or (e) of this Article) or any other Loan Document and such failure shall
continue unremedied for a period of 30 or more days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent (given at the request of any Lender)
to the Borrower;

(g) the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect
of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable, taking into account any applicable grace period;

(h) any
event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness (i) becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or (ii) that shall
continue unremedied for any applicable period of time sufficient to enable or permit the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness
or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase,
redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity (for the avoidance of doubt, other than as permitted under Section
6.12 and that is not a result of a breach, default or other violation or failure in respect of such Material Indebtedness by the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries and after giving effect to any applicable grace period); provided that this clause (h) shall not apply
to (1) secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness;
(2) to convertible debt that becomes due as a result of a conversion or redemption event, other than as a result of an event of
default (as defined in the documents governing such convertible Material Indebtedness), (3) to any Indebtedness of a Designated
Subsidiary that becomes due in part as a result of a breach of an overcollateralization test or borrowing base deficiency, or a customary
change of control put right in any indenture or (4) in the case of clause (h)(ii), to any Indebtedness of a Designated
Subsidiary (x) to the extent the event or condition giving rise to the circumstances in clause (h)(ii) was not a payment or insolvency
default or (y) so long as all Commitments have not been terminated and the Loans have not been declared due and payable in full, such
event or condition is no longer continuing or has been waived in accordance with the terms of such Material Indebtedness such that the
holder or holders thereof or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf are no longer enabled or permitted to cause such Material Indebtedness
to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity;

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 99 -

(i) an involuntary
proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect
of the Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries (or group of Subsidiaries that if consolidated would constitute a Significant Subsidiary)
or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar
law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official
for the Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries (or group of Subsidiaries that if consolidated would constitute a Significant
Subsidiary) or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed and
unstayed for a period of 60 or more days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered;

(j) the
Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries (or group of Subsidiaries that if consolidated would constitute a Significant Subsidiary)
shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any federal,
state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or
fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (i) of this Article, (iii) apply for
or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any
of its Significant Subsidiaries (or group of Subsidiaries that if consolidated would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) or for a substantial
part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v)
make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing;

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 100 -

(k) the
Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries (or group of Subsidiaries that if consolidated would constitute a Significant Subsidiary)
shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due;

(l) one
or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of $50,000,000 shall be rendered against the Borrower or any
of its Significant Subsidiaries or any combination thereof and (i) the same shall remain undischarged for a period of 30 consecutive days
following the entry of such judgment during which 30-day period such judgment shall not have been vacated, stayed, discharged or bonded
pending appeal, or liability for such judgment amount shall not have been admitted by an insurer of reputable standing, or (ii) any action
shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Borrower or any of its Significant Subsidiaries
to enforce any such judgment;

(m) an ERISA
Event shall have occurred that, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, would reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect;

(n) a Change
in Control shall occur;

(o) Franklin
BSP Lending Adviser, L.L.C. or any Affiliate of Franklin BSP Lending Adviser, L.L.C. that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction
located in the United States of America and in the business of managing or advising clients shall cease to be the investment advisor for
the Borrower;

(p) the
Liens created by the Security Documents shall, at any time with respect to Portfolio Investments included in the Collateral Pool having
an aggregate Value in excess of 5% of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments included in the Collateral Pool, not be valid and
perfected (to the extent perfection by filing, registration, recordation, possession or control is required herein or therein) in favor
of the Administrative Agent, free and clear of all other Liens (other than Liens permitted under Section 6.02 or under the respective
Security Documents); provided that if such default is a result of any action of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent
or a failure of the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent to take any action within its control, it shall be an Event of Default hereunder
if such default shall continue unremedied for a period of ten (10) consecutive Business Days after the Borrower receives written notice
thereof from the Administrative Agent;

(q) except
for expiration or termination in accordance with its terms, any of the Security Documents shall for whatever reason be terminated or cease
to be in full force and effect in any material respect, or the enforceability thereof shall be contested by the Borrower;

(r) the
Obligors shall at any time, without the consent of the Required Lenders, (i) modify, supplement or waive in any material respect the
Investment Policies (other than any modification, supplement or waiver required by any applicable law, rule or regulation), provided that
it shall not be deemed a modification in any material respect of the Investment Policies if the permitted investment size of the
Portfolio Investments proportionately increases as the size of the Borrowers capital base changes; (ii) modify, supplement or
waive in any material respect the Valuation Policy (other than any modification, supplement or waiver required under GAAP or
required by any applicable law, rule or regulation), (iii) fail to comply with the Valuation Policy in any material respect, or (iv)
fail to comply with the Investment Policies if the same would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and in
the case of sub-clauses (iii) and (iv) of this clause (r), such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 or more days
after the earlier of notice thereof by the Administrative Agent (given at the request of any Lender) to the Borrower or actual
knowledge thereof by a Financial Officer; or

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 101 -

(s) any
Excluded Asset that is a Subsidiary shall either (i) make any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property)
with respect to any shares of any class of capital stock of the Borrower, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property),
including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination
of any such shares of capital stock of the Borrower or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such shares of capital stock
of the Borrower that, if such actions were undertaken by the Obligors, would not be permitted under Section 6.05 or (ii) purchase, redeem,
retire or otherwise acquire for value, or set apart any money for a sinking, defeasance or other analogous fund for the purchase, redemption,
retirement or other acquisition of, or make any voluntary payment or prepayment of the principal of or interest on, or any other amount
owing in respect of, any Permitted Indebtedness that, if such actions were undertaken by the Obligors, would not be permitted under Section
6.12;

then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to
the Borrower described in clause (i) or (j) of this Article), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event,
the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take either or both of the
following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately,
and (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared
to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due
and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall become
due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower;
and in case of any event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (i) or (j) of this Article, the Commitments shall
automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other
obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other
notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower.

In the event that the Loans shall be declared,
or shall become, due and payable pursuant to the immediately preceding paragraph then, upon notice from the Administrative Agent or
Lenders with LC Exposure representing more than 50% of the total LC Exposure demanding the deposit of cash collateral
pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower shall immediately deposit into the Letter of Credit Collateral Account cash in an amount
equal to 102% of the LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon; provided that the
obligation to deposit such cash shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable,
without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in
clause (i) or (j) of this Article.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 102 -

Article
VIII

THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereby
irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent as its agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative
Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof
or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.

The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder
shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not
the Administrative Agent, and such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind
of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder.

The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties
or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents. The motivations of the Administrative Agent are
commercial in nature and not to invest in the general performance or operations of the Borrower. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default
has occurred and is continuing, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any
discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative
Agent is required to exercise in writing by the Required Lenders, and (c) except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan
Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information
relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as Administrative Agent or
any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the
consent or at the request of the Required Lenders or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrative
Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent
by the Borrower or a Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into
(i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents
of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance
or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein, (iv) the validity, enforceability,
effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction
of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein or therein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to
be delivered to the Administrative Agent.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 103 -

The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely
upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or
other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine
and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by
telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. The Administrative
Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it,
and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.

The Administrative Agent may perform any and all
its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The
Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective
Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties
of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication
of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent.

The Administrative Agent may resign at any time
by notifying the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right,
with the consent of the Borrower not to be unreasonably withheld (or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing in
consultation with the Borrower), to appoint a successor. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and
shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then
the retiring Administrative Agents resignation shall nonetheless become effective except that in the case of any collateral
security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks under any of the Loan Documents, the
retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor
Administrative Agent is appointed) and (1) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations
hereunder and (2) the Required Lenders shall perform the duties of the Administrative Agent (and all payments and communications
provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly) until such time
as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent as provided for above in this paragraph. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as
Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers,
privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged
from its duties and obligations hereunder (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this paragraph). The fees
payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise
agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the Administrative Agents resignation hereunder, the provisions of this
Article and Section 9.03 shall continue in effect for its benefit in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while
it was acting as Administrative Agent.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 104 -

Each Lender and each Issuing Bank represents and
warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility, (ii) in participating as a Lender, it is engaged
in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender
or Issuing Bank, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and not for the purpose of investing in the general performance or operations
of the Borrower, or for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument such as a security (and
each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing, such as a claim under the federal or
state securities law), (iii) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, or any other Lender
or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate,
made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder and (iv)
it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth
herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision
to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding
such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently
and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of
any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning
of the United States securities laws concerning the Borrower and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue
to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement
or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.

Except as otherwise provided in Section
9.02(b) with respect to this Agreement, the Administrative Agent may, with the prior consent of the Required Lenders (but not
otherwise), consent to any modification, supplement or waiver under any of the Loan Documents, provided that, without the
prior consent of each Lender and each Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent shall not (except as provided herein or in the Security
Documents) release all or substantially all of the Collateral or otherwise terminate all or substantially all of the Liens under any
Security Document providing for collateral security, agree to additional obligations being secured by all or substantially all of
such collateral security, alter the relative priorities of the obligations entitled to the benefits of the Liens created under the
Security Documents with respect to all or substantially all of the Collateral, except that no such consent shall be required, and
the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized, to release any Lien covering property that is the subject of either a disposition of
property permitted hereunder or a disposition to which the Required Lenders have consented.

Each Lender and Issuing Bank hereby agrees that (x)
if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender or Issuing Bank that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that
any funds received by such Lender or Issuing Bank from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment
or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment) were erroneously
transmitted to such Lender or Issuing Bank (whether or not known to such Lender or Issuing Bank), and demands the return of such Payment
(or a portion thereof), such Lender or Issuing Bank shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to
the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together
with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender
or Issuing Bank to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by
the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the
extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender or Issuing Bank shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any
claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative
Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or
any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or Issuing Bank pursuant to the foregoing shall be conclusive,
absent manifest error.

Each Lender and Issuing Bank hereby further
agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than,
or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with
respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice) or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it
shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees
that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender or
Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it
shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such
Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each
day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender or Issuing Bank to the date such
amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in
accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 105 -

The Borrower hereby agrees that (x) in the event
an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Lender or Issuing Bank that has received such Payment (or portion
thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender or Issuing Bank with respect to
such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any obligations owed by the Borrower
or any other Obligor, except, in each case, to the extent such Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Payment that
is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower or any other Obligor for the purpose of making such Payment.

Each partys obligations pursuant to the foregoing
shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement
of, a Lender, an Issuing Bank, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under
any Loan Document.

None of the Joint Lead Arrangers or the Syndication
Agents shall have any responsibility under this Agreement.

Article
IX

MISCELLANEOUS

Section
9.01.Notices; Electronic Communications

(a) Notices
Generally. Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone, all notices and other
communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified
or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows:

(i) if
to the Borrower, to:

Franklin BSP Capital Corporation

c/o Benefit Street Partners LLC

1 Madison Avenue, Floor 16

New York, NY 10010

Attn: Blair Faulstich

Telephone: [***]

Email: [***]

with a copy to:

Dechert LLP

1095 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10036-6797

Attn: Jay R. Alicandri, Esq. and Ani
Ravi, Esq.

Telephone: [***]

E-Mail: [***]; [***]

(ii) if
to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent from the Borrower, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., at the address separately provided
to the Borrower;

(iii) if
to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent from any Lender, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., at the address separately provided
to the Lenders;

(iv) if
to any other Issuing Bank or other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number or email) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire.

Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices
and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. All notices and other communications given to any party hereto
in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given on the date of receipt. Notices delivered through
electronic communications to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b).

(b) Electronic
Communications. Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic
communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided
that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or any Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.05 if such Lender or such Issuing
Bank, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic
communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it
hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be
limited to particular notices or communications. Unless otherwise notified by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, the Borrower may
satisfy its obligation to deliver documents or notices to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under Sections 5.01 and 5.12(a)
by delivering an electronic copy to: [***] and [***] (or such other e-mail address as provided to the Borrower in a notice from the Administrative
Agent) (and the Administrative Agent shall promptly provide notice thereof to the Lenders).

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 106 -

Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise
prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the senders
receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as
available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent
during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of
business on the next business day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet
website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the
foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address
therefor.

In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any
Lender have any liability to the Borrower or any other Person for damages of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising
out of any transmission of communications through the internet, except in the case of direct damages, to the extent such damages are determined
by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the willful misconduct or gross negligence
of such relevant Person.

(c) Documents
to be Delivered under Sections 5.01 and 5.12(a). For so long as a Syndtrak or an equivalent website is available to each of
the Lenders hereunder, the Borrower may satisfy its obligation to deliver documents to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under Sections
5.01 and 5.12(a) by delivering either an electronic copy to: [***] and [***] (as provided in clause (b) above) or a notice identifying
the website where such information is located for posting by the Administrative Agent on Syndtrak or such equivalent website, provided
that the Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility to maintain access to Intralinks or an equivalent website.

Section 9.02.Waivers; Amendments.

(a) No
Deemed Waivers; Remedies Cumulative. No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising
any right or power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or
any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders hereunder are cumulative
and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent
to any departure by the Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of
this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of
any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default
at the time.

(b) Amendments to this Agreement.
Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in
writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with the consent of
the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall

(i) increase
the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender,

(ii) reduce
the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without
the written consent of each Lender affected thereby,

(iii) postpone
the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder,
or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the
written consent of each Lender affected thereby,

(iv) change
Section 2.16(b), (c) or (d) or any other provision of the Loan Documents in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments
required thereby without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby,

(v) contractually
subordinate the payment priority of the Credit Agreement Obligations (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) or contractually
subordinate the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) in the Collateral, without the written
consent of each Lender, or

(vi) change
any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of the term Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying
the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent
hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender;

provided further that (x) no such agreement shall amend, modify
or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent or any Issuing Bank hereunder without the prior written consent of
the Administrative Agent or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be and (y) the consent of Lenders holding not less than two-thirds of the
Credit Exposure and unused Commitments will be required (A) for any change to the provisions of this Agreement adversely affecting the
calculation of the Borrowing Base (excluding changes to the provisions of Section 5.12(b)(iii) or (iv), but including changes to the provisions
of Section 5.12(c)(ii) and the definitions set forth in Section 5.13) unless otherwise expressly provided herein and (B) for any release
of Collateral other than for fair value or as otherwise permitted hereunder or under the other Loan Documents.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 107 -

For purposes of this Section, the
scheduled date of payment of any amount shall refer to the date of payment of such amount specified in this Agreement,
and shall not refer to a date or other event specified for the mandatory or optional prepayment of such amount. In addition,
whenever a waiver, amendment or modification requires the consent of a Lender affected thereby, such waiver, amendment
or modification shall, upon consent of such Lender, become effective as to such Lender whether or not it becomes effective as to any
other Lender, so long as the Required Lenders consent to such waiver, amendment or modification as provided above.

Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding,
the Required Lenders may (i) waive any condition precedent to an extension of credit (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not constitute
a waiver of any ongoing or resulting Default or Event of Default) or (ii) waive any default interest charged pursuant to Section 2.11(c).

(c) Amendments to Security Documents. No
Security Document or any provision thereof may be waived, amended or modified, nor may the Liens thereof be spread to secure any
additional obligations (excluding any increase in the Loans and Letters of Credit hereunder pursuant to a Commitment Increase under
Section 2.07(e)) except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower, and by the Administrative
Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that, (i) without the written consent of each Lender and each
Issuing Bank, no such agreement shall release all or substantially all of the Obligors from their respective obligations under the
Security Documents and (ii) without the written consent of each Lender and each Issuing Bank, no such agreement shall release all or
substantially all of the collateral security or otherwise terminate all or substantially all of the Liens under the Security
Documents, alter or subordinate the relative priorities of the obligations entitled to the Liens created under the Security
Documents (except in connection with securing additional obligations equally and ratably with the Loans and other obligations
hereunder) with respect to all or substantially all of the collateral security provided thereby, or release all or substantially all
of the guarantors under the Guarantee and Security Agreement from their guarantee obligations thereunder, except that no such
consent shall be required, and the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized (and so agrees with the Borrower) to direct the
Collateral Agent under the Guarantee and Security Agreement to, and in addition to the rights of such parties under the Guarantee
and Security Agreement, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent under the Guarantee and Security Agreement may, (1)
release any Lien covering property (and release any related guarantor) that is the subject of either a disposition of property
(including, without limitation, in connection with any Back-to-Back Transaction) permitted hereunder or a disposition to which the
Required Lenders have consented and (2) release from the Guarantee and Security Agreement any Subsidiary Guarantor (and any property
of such Subsidiary Guarantor) that is designated as a Designated Subsidiary or becomes an Excluded Asset in accordance with this
Agreement or which ceases to be consolidated on the Borrowers financial statements and is no longer required to be a
Subsidiary Guarantor, so long as (A) after giving effect to any such release under this clause (2) (and any concurrent acquisitions
of Portfolio Investments or payment of outstanding Loans) the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base and the
Borrower delivers a certificate of a Financial Officer to such effect to the Administrative Agent, (B) either (I) the amount of any
excess availability under the Borrowing Base immediately prior to such release is not diminished as a result of such release or (II)
the Gross Borrowing Base immediately after giving effect to such release is at least 110% of the Covered Debt Amount and (C) no
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

(d) Replacement
of Non-Consenting Lender. If, in connection with any proposed change, waiver, discharge or termination to any of the provisions of
this Agreement as contemplated by this Section 9.02, the consent of one or more Lenders whose consent is required for such proposed change,
waiver, discharge or termination is not obtained, then (so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) the Borrower shall
have the right, at its sole cost and expense, to replace each such non-consenting Lender or Lenders with one or more replacement Lenders
pursuant to Section 2.18(b) so long as at the time of such replacement, each such replacement Lender consents to the proposed change,
waiver, discharge or termination.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 108 -

Section 9.03.Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver.

(a) Costs
and Expenses. The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative
Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative
Agent (with respect to legal fees, limited to the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of one outside
counsel for the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates collectively in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided
for herein, the preparation and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers
of the provisions hereof or thereof), (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Issuing Bank in
connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder, (iii) all
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender (with respect
to legal fees, limited to the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of one outside counsel (and, in the case of an
actual conflict of interest where the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender affected by such conflict informs the Borrower
of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, another firm of counsel for any such affected Persons collectively) for the Administrative
Agent, any Issuing Bank and any Lender collectively), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters
of Credit issued hereunder, including all such reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring
or negotiations in respect thereof and (iv) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs, expenses, taxes, assessments and other
charges incurred in connection with any filing, registration, recording or perfection of any security interest contemplated by any Security
Document or any other document referred to therein.

(b) Indemnification by the Borrower. The
Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Collateral Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers and each Lender,
and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee) against, and
hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages (including, but not limited to, any special, indirect, consequential
or punitive damages), liabilities, including environmental liabilities, and related reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses
(other than Taxes or Other Taxes, which shall only be indemnified by the Borrower to the extent provided in Section 2.15), limited to
the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of one outside counsel (and, in the case of an actual conflict of interest
where the Indemnitee affected by such conflict informs the Borrower of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, another
firm of counsel for any such affected Indemnitees collectively) for the Indemnitees collectively (and if reasonably necessary, of a single
regulatory counsel and a single local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction and, in the case of an actual or potential conflict of
interest where the Indemnitee affected by such conflict informs the Borrower of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel,
of another primary firm of counsel for such affected Indemnitee (and if reasonably necessary, of a single regulatory counsel and a single
local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction)), incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with,
or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, (ii) the performance
by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated
hereby, (iii) any action taken in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the payment of principal and interest
and fees, (iv) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the Issuing Banks to honor
a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the
terms of such Letter of Credit) or (v) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the
foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto (each, a Proceeding);
provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities
or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from (i)
the fraud, willful misconduct or gross negligence of any Indemnitee, (ii) a claim brought against any Indemnitee for a material breach
of such Indemnitees obligations under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, if there has been a final and nonappealable
judgment against such Indemnitee on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction or (iii) a claim arising as a result
of a dispute between Indemnitees (other than (x) any dispute involving claims against the Administrative Agent, the applicable Issuing
Bank, any Joint Lead Arranger or any Lender, in each case in their respective capacities as such, and (y) claims arising out of any act
or omission by the Borrower or its Affiliates).

The Borrower shall not be liable to any Indemnitee
for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of the Transactions asserted
by an Indemnitee against the Borrower or any other Obligor, provided that the foregoing limitation shall not be deemed to impair
or affect the Obligations of the Borrower under the preceding provisions of this subsection.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 109 -

Each Indemnitee shall be obligated to refund or
return any and all amounts paid by the Borrower or any of its Affiliates under this Section to the extent such Indemnitee is not
entitled to payment of such amounts in accordance with the terms hereof, as determined by a final and non-appealable judgment of a
court of competent jurisdiction.

(c) Reimbursement
by Lenders. To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent or any Issuing
Bank under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent and such Issuing Bank,
as the case may be, such Lenders Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity
payment is sought) of such unpaid amount; provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability
or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent or such Issuing Bank in its capacity
as such.

(d) Settlements.
The Borrower shall not be liable for any settlement of any Proceeding effected without the Borrowers written consent (which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), but if settled with the Borrowers written consent or if there is a
final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction in any such Proceeding, the Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee
in the manner and to the extent set forth in this Section. The Borrower shall not, without the prior written consent of the JPMCB and
its Affiliates (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), effect any settlement of any pending or threatened
Proceedings in respect of which indemnity could have been sought hereunder by JPMCB unless such settlement (x) includes an unconditional
release of such Indemnitee in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to JPMCB from all liability on claims that are the subject matter
of such Proceedings and (y) does not include any statement as to or any admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf
of JPMCB or any injunctive relief or other non-monetary remedy. The Borrower acknowledges that any failure to comply with its obligations
under the preceding sentence may cause irreparable harm to JPMCB and the other Indemnitees.

(e) Payments.
All amounts due under this Section shall be payable within 10 Business Days of a written demand therefor, together with backup documentation
supporting such indemnity request.

Section 9.04.Successors and Assigns.

(a) Assignments Generally. The
provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) the
Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each
Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may
assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement,
expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and
assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit) and, to the extent expressly
contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or
equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 110 -

(b) Assignments
by Lenders.

(i) Assignments
Generally. Subject to the conditions set forth in clause (ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more assignees all or a portion
of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans and LC Exposure at the
time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of:

(A) the
Borrower, provided the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to an assignment of all or a portion of the Loans and Commitments
unless it shall have objected thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received
notice thereof; provided that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender,
or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; and

(B) the
Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks.

(ii) Certain
Conditions to Assignments. Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions:

(A) except
in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning
Lenders Commitment or Loans and LC Exposure, the amount of the Commitment or Loans and LC Exposure of the assigning Lender subject
to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative
Agent) shall not be less than U.S. $5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided
that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default under clause (a), (i) or (j) of Article VII has occurred
and is continuing;

(B) each
partial assignment of Commitments or Loans and LC Exposure shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning
Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement in respect of Commitments, Loans and LC Exposure;

(C) the parties to each assignment
shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee
of U.S. $3,500 (which fee shall not be payable in connection with an assignment to a Lender or to an Affiliate of a Lender) (for
which the Borrower and the Guarantors shall not be obligated); and

(D) the
assignee, if it shall not already be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.

(iii) Effectiveness
of Assignments. Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section, from and after the effective
date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned
by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder
shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement
(and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement,
such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 9.03 with
respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of
rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement
as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (e) of this Section.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 111 -

(c) Maintenance
of Registers by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain
at one of its offices in New York City a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of
the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amount of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each
Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive
absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name
is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice
to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time
and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

(d) Acceptance of Assignments by
Administrative Agent. Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an
assignee, the assignees completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the
processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required
by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the
information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been
recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph.

(e) Participations.
Any Lender may sell to one or more banks or other entities (each, a Participant) participations in all or a portion
of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including all or a portion of its Commitments
and the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to it) without the consent of the Borrower; provided that (i) such Lenders obligations
under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other
parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the other
Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide
that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to approve any amendment, modification
or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide
that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first
proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. Subject to paragraph (f) of this Section, the Borrower agrees that each Participant
shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.13, 2.14 and 2.15 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest
by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the
benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.16(d) as though it were
a Lender hereunder. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower,
maintain a register complying with the requirements of Sections 163(f), 871(h) and 881(c)(2) of the Code and the Treasury Regulation issued
hereunder on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participants
interest in the Commitments or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register); provided
that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant
or any information relating to a Participants interest in any commitments, loans or its other obligations under any Loan Document)
to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan or other obligation is in
registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be
conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner
of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.

(f) Limitations on Rights of
Participants. A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.13, 2.14 or 2.15 than the
applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of
the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrowers prior written consent. A Participant that would be a Foreign
Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.15 unless the Borrower is notified of the
participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with Section 2.15 as
though it were a Lender and in the case of a Participant claiming exemption for portfolio interest under Section 871(h) or 881(c) of
the Code, the applicable Lender shall provide the Borrower with satisfactory evidence that the participation is in registered form
and shall permit the Borrower to review such register as reasonably needed for the Borrower to comply with its obligations under
applicable laws and regulations.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 112 -

(g) Certain
Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement
to secure obligations of such Lender, including any such pledge or assignment to a Federal Reserve Bank or any other central bank, and
this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment
of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such assignee for such Lender as
a party hereto.

(h) No
Assignments to Natural Persons, Defaulting Lender, the Borrower or Affiliates. Anything in this Section to the contrary notwithstanding,
no Lender may assign or participate any interest in any Loan or LC Exposure held by it hereunder to any Defaulting Lender, natural person
(or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated by or for the primary benefit of a natural person) or the
Borrower or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries without the prior consent of each Lender.

Section 9.05.Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower herein and in the certificates
or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other
parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters
of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent,
any Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any
credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan
or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long
as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive
and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans,
the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof.

Section 9.06.Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution.

(a) Counterparts; Integration;
Effectiveness. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each
of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and
any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire contract between and
among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or
written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it
shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof
which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature
page to this Agreement by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

(b) Electronic
Execution of Assignments. The words execution, execute, signed, signature,
and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby (including without limitation Assignment and Assumptions, amendments or other Borrowing Requests, waivers and consents) shall be
deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved
by the Administrative Agent (and, for the avoidance of doubt, electronic signatures utilizing the DocuSign platform shall be deemed approved),
or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually
executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable
law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records
Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.

Section 9.07.Severability. Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall,
as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity,
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction
shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction.

Section 9.08.Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, the Issuing Banks and
each of their Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and
apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time
owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any of and all the obligations of the Borrower
now or hereafter existing under this Agreement held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand
under this Agreement and although such obligations may be unmatured. The rights of each Lender under this Section are in addition to other
rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 113 -

Section
9.09.Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc.

(a) Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York.

(b) Submission
to Jurisdiction. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York sitting in New York County, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally
agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent
permitted by law, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall
be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this
Agreement shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action
or proceeding relating to this Agreement against the Borrower or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.

(c) Waiver
of Venue. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do
so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Agreement in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to
the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such
court.

(d) Service
of Process. Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section
9.01. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by
law.

(e) Waiver of Consequential Damages,
Etc. To the extent permitted by applicable law, (i) the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger, any Issuing Bank and any
Lender, and any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called a Lender-Related
Person) and each other party hereto shall not assert, and each party hereto hereby waives, any claim against any other
party hereto or any Indemnitee for any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind
arising from the use by others of information or other materials (including, without limitation, any personal data) obtained through
telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet) and (ii) each party hereto shall
not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto or any Lender-Related Person, on any theory of liability,
for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection
with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of
Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof.

Section 9.10.WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT
IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT
OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK
TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT
BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 114 -

Section 9.11.Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only,
are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.

Section 9.12.Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality.

(a) Treatment
of Certain Information. The Borrower acknowledges that from time to time financial advisory, investment banking and other services
may be offered or provided to the Borrower or one or more of its Subsidiaries (in connection with this Agreement or otherwise) by any
Lender or by one or more subsidiaries or affiliates of such Lender and the Borrower hereby authorizes each Lender to share any information
delivered to such Lender by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries pursuant to this Agreement, or in connection with the decision of such Lender
to enter into this Agreement, to any such subsidiary or affiliate, it being understood that any such subsidiary or affiliate receiving
such information shall be bound by the provisions of paragraph (b) of this Section as if it were a Lender hereunder. Such authorization
shall survive the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination
of this Agreement or any provision hereof.

(b) Confidentiality. Each of the
Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Joint Lead Arrangers and the Issuing Banks agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the
Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (i) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates
respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and other representatives, including any third-party vendors,
administrators, agents and representatives that assist it or its Affiliates with administration and/or portfolio management (it
being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information
and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (ii) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have
jurisdiction over it or its Affiliates (including any self-regulatory authority), (iii) to the extent required by applicable laws or
regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (iv) to any other party hereto or to any rating agency, (v) in connection
with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement
or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions
substantially the same as those of this Section, to (x) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or
Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided that so long as no Event of Default is
continuing (or, in the case of a direct competitor of the Borrower, so long as no Event of Default under clause (a),
(b), (i), (j) or (k) of Article VII is continuing), such Person would be permitted to be an assignee or participant pursuant to the
terms hereof, (y) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the
Borrower and its obligations or (z) any market data service, (vii) with the consent of the Borrower or (viii) to the extent such
Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to the
Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source
other than the Borrower or its Affiliates. In addition, the Administrative Agent and each Lender may disclose the existence of this
Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and
service providers to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the administration or servicing of this Agreement,
the other Loan Documents and the Commitments.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 115 -

For purposes of this Section, Information
means all information received from or on behalf of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
or any of their respective businesses or any Portfolio Investment, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative
Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, provided
that, in the case of information received from the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries after the Effective Date, such information is clearly
identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in
this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to
maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.

For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section
9.12 shall prohibit any Person from voluntarily disclosing or providing any Information within the scope of this confidentiality provision
to any governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory organization (any such entity, a Regulatory Authority) to the
extent that any such prohibition on disclosure set forth in this Section 9.12(b) shall be prohibited by the laws or regulations applicable
to such Regulatory Authority.

The provisions of this Sections 9.12 shall
survive and remain in full force and effect for two years following the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the
repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments and the termination of this
Agreement.

Section 9.13.USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act
(Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies
the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify
the Borrower in accordance with said Act.

Section 9.14.Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that
any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be
subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and
agrees to be bound by:

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion
Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto
that is an Affected Financial Institution; and

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such
liability, including, if applicable:

(i)
a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii)
a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution,
its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments
of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document;
or

(iii)
the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable
Resolution Authority.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 116 -

Section
9.15.No Fiduciary Duty. (a) The Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries
understanding, that none of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any other Lender will have any obligations except those
obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and each of the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and
any other Lender is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length contractual counterparty to the Borrower with respect to
the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated herein and therein and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an
agent of, the Borrower or any other person. The Borrower agrees that it will not assert any claim against any of the Administrative
Agent, any Issuing Bank or any other Lender based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by such Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank
or other Lender, as applicable, in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Additionally, the
Borrower acknowledges and agrees that none of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any other Lender is advising the
Borrower as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting, regulatory or any other matters in any jurisdiction. The Borrower shall be
responsible for contacting its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent
investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated herein or in the other Loan Documents, and none of the Administrative
Agent, any Issuing Bank or any other Lender shall have responsibility or liability to the Borrower with respect thereto.

(b) The
Borrower further acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each the Administrative Agent,
each Issuing Bank and any other Lender, together with their Affiliates, in addition to providing or participating in commercial lending
facilities such as that provided hereunder, is a full service securities or banking firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities
as well as providing investment banking and other financial services. In the ordinary course of business, any of the Administrative Agent,
each Issuing Bank or any other Lender may provide investment banking and other financial services to, and/or acquire, hold or sell, for
its own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and financial instruments (including bank loans and
other obligations) of, the Borrower and other companies with which the Borrower may have commercial or other relationships. With respect
to any securities and/or financial instruments so held by any of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any other Lender or any
of their customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be exercised
by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion.

(c) In addition,
the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each of the Administrative Agent, each
Issuing Bank and any other Lender and their affiliates may be providing debt financing, equity capital or other services (including financial
advisory services) to other companies in respect of which the Borrower may have conflicting interests regarding the transactions described
herein and otherwise. None of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any other Lender will use confidential information obtained
from the Borrower by virtue of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or its other relationships with the Borrower in connection
with the performance by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank and any other Lender, as applicable, of services for other companies,
and none of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any other Lender will furnish any such information to other companies. The Borrower
also acknowledges that none of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any other Lender has any obligation to use in connection
with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, or to furnish to the Borrower, confidential information obtained from other
companies.

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 117 -

Section
9.16. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee
or otherwise, for Hedging Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit Support
and each such QFC a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution
power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes)
in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents
and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other
state of the United States):

In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a
Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the
transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported
QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered
Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported
QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States
or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any
QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default
Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws
of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and
remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a
Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support.

Section 9.17.Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable
to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively
the Charges), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate) which may be contracted for, charged,
taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect
of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent
lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation
of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall
be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the NYFRB Rate to
the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender.

Section
9.18.Effect
of Amendment and Restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement. On the Effective Date, the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended
and restated in its entirety by this Agreement. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (a) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents,
whether executed and delivered in connection herewith or otherwise, do not constitute a novation or termination of the obligations for
principal, interest or fees of the Borrower under the Existing Credit Agreement as in effect on the Effective Date immediately prior
to the effectiveness of this Agreement and which remain outstanding; and (b) except for any of the Borrowers obligations under
the Existing Credit Agreement which are expressly contemplated to be repaid on the Effective Date and to the extent are in fact so repaid,
the obligations of the Borrower under the Existing Credit Agreement (as amended and restated hereby and which are on and after the date
hereof subject to the terms herein) are in all respects continuing, and shall continue to be secured as provided in the Security Documents.

[Signature pages follow]

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

- 118 -

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.

FRANKLIN BSP CAPITAL CORPORATION

By: /s/ Michael Frick 

Name: Michael Frick 

Title: Authorized Signatory

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

LENDERS

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,

as a Lender, an Issuing Bank and as Administrative
Agent

By: /s/ Tom Gillespie 

Name: Tom Gillespie 

Title: Executive Director

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION,
as a Lender

By: /s/ Shane Klein 

Name: Shane Klein

Title: Managing Director

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., as a Lender

By: /s/ Nik Broschofsky 

Name: Nik Broschofsky

Title: Executive Director

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender

By: /s/ Sidhima Daruka 

Name: Sidhima Daruka

Title: Director

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

HSBC Bank USA, N.A., as a Lender

By: /s/ Kieran Patel 

Name: Kieran Patel

Title: Managing Director

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

M&T Bank, as a Lender

By: /s/ Macon Heikes 

Name: Macon Heikes

Title: SVP

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

Barclays Bank PLC, as a Lender

By: /s/ Craig J Malloy 

Name: Craig J Malloy

Title: Director

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., as a Lender

By: /s/ Michael King 

Name: Michael King

Title: Authorized Signatory

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

U.S. Bank, N.A., as a Lender

By: /s/ Matthew D. Spies 

Name: Matthew D. Spies

Title: Senior Vice President

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

Chang Hwa Commercial Bank, Ltd., Los
Angeles Branch as a Lender

By: /s/ Yu-Tang Shen 

Name: Yu-Tang Shen

Title: VP & General Manager

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

Land Bank of Taiwan, New York Branch,
as a Lender

By: /s/ Kuen Shan Sheu

Name: Kuen Shan Sheu

Title: General Manager

Senior Secured Credit Agreement

Taiwan Business Bank, Los Angeles Branch,
as a Lender

By: /s/ Melissa Cheng

Name: Melissa Cheng

Title: General Manager

Senior Secured Credit Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>bdvc-20250116.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>bdvc-20250116_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bdvc-20250116_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Entity Addresses, Address Type [Axis] 

Former Address [Member] 

Entity Addresses [Table] 

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>bdvc-20250116_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 16, 2025

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 16, 2025

Entity File Number 814-01360

Entity Registrant Name Franklin BSP Capital Corporation

Entity Central Index Key 0001825248

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-2950084

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One One Madison Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1600

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10010

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 588-6770

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period true

Former Address [Member] 

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Entity Address, Address Line One 9 West 57th Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite
4920

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10019

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressesLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressesAddressTypeAxis=dei_FormerAddressMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
2 
21 
1 
false 
1 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://benefitstreetpartners.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bdvc-20250116.xsd 
bdvc-20250116_def.xml 
bdvc-20250116_lab.xml 
bdvc-20250116_pre.xml 
ea0228139-8k_frank.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-005542-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0228139-8k_frank_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001825248 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

0001825248 

dei:FormerAddressMember 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001825248 
8-K 
2025-01-16 
Franklin BSP Capital Corporation 
DE 
814-01360 
85-2950084 
One Madison Avenue 
Suite 1600 
New York 
NY 
10010 
212 
588-6770 
9 West 57th Street 
Suite 4920 
New York 
NY 
10019 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>