<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-009817.txt : 20250321
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-009817.hdr.sgml : 20250321
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250321083826
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-009817
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250320
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250321
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250321

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Momentus Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001781162
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GUIDED MISSILES & SPACE VEHICLES & PARTS [3760]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				841905538
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39128
		FILM NUMBER:		25758622

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3901 N. FIRST STREET
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6505647820

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3901 N. FIRST STREET
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Stable Road Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190628
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ef20045953_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000178116200017811622025-03-202025-03-200001781162us-gaap:CommonClassAMember2025-03-202025-03-200001781162mnts:WarrantsMember2025-03-202025-03-20

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

March 20, 2025

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported)

Momentus Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

001-39128

84-1905538

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

3901 N. First Street

San Jose, California 

95134

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

(650) 564-7820

Registrants telephone number, including area code

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions
(see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A common stock

MNTS

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants

MNTSW

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 20, 2025, Momentus Inc. (the Company) entered into a warrant inducement agreement (the Inducement Agreement) with a holder (the Holder)
of certain existing warrants (the Existing Warrants) to purchase shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.00001 per share (the Common Stock), of the Company. Pursuant to the Inducement Agreement, the Holder agreed to exercise for cash on
March 21, 2025 Existing Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,071,429 shares of the Companys Common Stock at an exercise price of $1.93 per share, which was the closing price of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market as of the close of
trading on March 20, 2025. Prior to entering into the Inducement Agreement, the Existing Warrants would have been immediately exercisable at an exercise price of $3.80 per share. The Company will receive aggregate gross proceeds of approximately
$2.07 million from the exercise of the Existing Warrants before deducting financial advisory fees and other expenses payable by the Company.

In consideration of the Holders agreement to exercise the Existing Warrants in accordance with the Inducement Agreement, the Company agreed to issue
new warrants (the Inducement Warrants) to purchase up to 2,142,858 shares of Common Stock, which is equal to 200% of the number of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of the Existing Warrants (the Inducement Warrant Shares). The Company
agreed in the Inducement Agreement to file a registration statement on Form S-1 within 30 days of March 20, 2025, providing for the resale of the Inducement Warrant Shares by the holders of the Inducement Warrant Shares.

The Company engaged A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (A.G.P.) to act as its financial
advisor in connection with the transactions summarized above and will pay A.G.P. an aggregate fee equal to approximately $145,000 in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Inducement Agreement and reimburse A.G.P. for certain accountable legal expenses incurred by A.G.P. in connection with the transactions described in this Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company
expects to use the net proceeds from these transactions for general corporate purposes and to continue to fund the Companys operations while it pursues a potential strategic transaction, although there can be no guarantee that such efforts
will result in any such strategic transaction and at this time, the Company does not intend to provide further updates unless and until there have been material developments in this regard.

The Inducement Warrants will have an exercise price of $2.00 per share, will be exercisable on or after the date that approval is obtained from the
Companys stockholders as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (or any successor entity) (the Stockholder Approval Date) and will expire on the five-year anniversary of the Stockholder Approval
Date. The exercise price and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of each Inducement Warrant are subject to appropriate adjustments in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations,
reclassifications or similar events affecting the Common Stock. In addition, in certain circumstances, upon a fundamental transaction (as defined in the Inducement Warrants), a holder of Inducement Warrants will be entitled to receive, upon
exercise of the Inducement Warrants, the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property that such holder would have received had they exercised the Inducement Warrants immediately prior to the fundamental transaction.

The Company may not effect the exercise of certain Inducement Warrants, and the applicable holder will not be entitled to exercise any portion of any
such Inducement Warrant, which, upon giving effect to such exercise, would cause the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the holder of such Inducement Warrant (together with its affiliates) to exceed 4.99% of the number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of such Inducement Warrants.

The foregoing descriptions of the Inducement Agreement and the Inducement Warrants do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by
reference to the full text of the forms of Inducement Agreement and Inducement Warrants, which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 4.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

4.1 

Form of Inducement Warrant

10.1 

Form of Warrant Inducement Agreement, by and between Momentus Inc. and the Holder identified on the signature page thereto

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

By: 

/s/ Lon Ensler 

Name: 

Lon Ensler 

Dated: 

March 21, 2025 

Title: 

Interim Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ef20045953_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

MOMENTUS INC.

Warrant Shares: 2,142,858 

Original Issuance Date: March 21, 2025

Initial Exercise Date: As set forth Below

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [_______] or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the
conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the Stockholder Approval Date (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the five year
anniversary of the Stockholder Approval Date, provided that, if such date is not a Trading Day, insert the immediately following Trading Day (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to
subscribe for and purchase from Momentus Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to 2,142,858 shares (as
subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.00001 per share (the Common Stock). The purchase price of one
share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b) below.

Section 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Warrant Inducement Agreement (the Agreement), dated March 20, 2025, by and between the Company and the purchaser signatory thereto.

1

Section 2. Exercise.

a)Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part and subject to Stockholder Approval (as defined in Section 2(f)), at any
time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form
annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in
Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United
States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise
shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within
three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the
effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares
purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and
any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase
hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b)Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $2.00, subject to
adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c)Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance or resale
of the Warrant Shares to or by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the
quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = 

as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)(68) of Regulation NMS promulgated
under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on
the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered
within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such
Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

2

(B) = 

the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = 

the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless
exercise.

Bid Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first
of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is
then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock
for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an
independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of
the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the
Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of
the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open
Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as
determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

If Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees
not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c), except to the extent required by applicable law, rule or regulation.

3

d)Mechanics of Exercise.

i. 

Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the
Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at
Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant
Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and
otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address
specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) and (ii) the
number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period, in each case (i) or (ii) after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and subject to payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the instance of a
cashless exercise) by such date (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to
have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in
the case of a cashless exercise) is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company
shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per
Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such
exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard
Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of
Exercise.

4

ii. 

Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall,
at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares
called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. 

Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to
transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. 

Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an
exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common
Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A)
pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number
of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the
Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of
Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In
with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the
Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a
Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver
shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

5

v. 

No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing
fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash
adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. 

Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made
without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued
in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that in the
event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees
to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. 

Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or
records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

6

e)Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent
that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders
Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence,
the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is
being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to
the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant
is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a
Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this
Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as
contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock,
a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or
(C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written request of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in
writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company,
including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership
Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon written notice
to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will
not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct
this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation.
The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

7

(f)Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in this Warrant, this Warrant may not be exercised pursuant to this Section 2 until Stockholder Approval (as defined below) has been obtained.

Stockholder Approval means such approval to the extent required by the applicable
rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (or any successor entity) from the stockholders of the Company with respect to the issuance of all the New Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the New Warrants.

Stockholder Approval Date means the date on which Stockholder Approval is received and
deemed effective under Delaware law.

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a)Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or
equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock
into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital
stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of
which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price
of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall
become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification.

b)Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or
other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights
which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock
are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such
Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

8

c)Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of
Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of
arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such
Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof,
including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are
to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that to the extent that the Holders right to
participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares
of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

9

d)Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into
another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Companys assets in one or a series of
related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their
shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any
reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of shares of Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the shares of Common Stock are effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or
(v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or
scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental
Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such
Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is
the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of
Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall
apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities,
cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within thirty (30) days after, the
consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder, as described below, an amount of
consideration equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not
within the Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity, as of the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction the
same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), valued at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the
Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with
the Fundamental Transaction; provided further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received shares of the
Successor Entity (which Successor Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant
based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate
corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to 100 day
volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365-day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price
per share used in such calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest
VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding the announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the
Holders request pursuant to this Section 3(d) and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The
payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds within five Business Days of the Holders election (or, if later, on the effective date of the Fundamental Transaction). The Company shall cause any
successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this
Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the
option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding
number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant)
prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental
Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such
Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the
date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may
exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

10

e)Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to
be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice to Holder.

i.Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth
the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

11

ii.Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special
nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any
rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least
20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record
is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities,
cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the
validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Companys
subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to
the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in the Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of
this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to
pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in
the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. The Warrant, if
properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

12

b)New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new
Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or
Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issue Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except
as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of
the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes,
absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a)No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set
forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting the rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise, and to receive the cash payments contemplated pursuant to Sections 2(d)(i) and
2(d)(iv), in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any
stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender
and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c)Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such
right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

d)Authorized Shares.The Company covenants that, at all times during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock
a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its
officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares
may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued
upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

13

Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its
certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of
this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. 
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as
may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations,
exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action, which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement.

f)Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed
by state and federal securities laws.

g)Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or
remedies, notwithstanding the fact that the right to exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant or the Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any
provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees,
including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

14

h)Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Agreement.

i)Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the
Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

j)Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees
that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a
remedy at law would be adequate.

k)Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the
Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and the Holder of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m)Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or
invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n)Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

MOMENTUS INC.

By: 

Name: Lon Ensler

Title: Interim Chief Financial Officer

16

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: MOMENTUS INC.

(1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and
tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted, the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with
respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity:

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:

Name of Authorized Signatory:

Title of Authorized Signatory:

Date:

17

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print) 

Address: 

(Please Print) 

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: , 

Holders 

Signature: 

Holders 

Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ef20045953_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

MOMENTUS INC.

3901 N. First Street

San Jose, California 95134

March 20, 2025

To the Holder of Class A Warrants and Class B Warrants to Purchase Shares of Class A Common Stock of Momentus Inc. Issued on September 17, 2024

Re: 

Inducement Offer to Exercise Existing Class A and Class B Common Stock Purchase Warrants

Dear Holder:

Momentus Inc. (the Company) is pleased to offer (this Inducement Offer) to you (Holder, you or similar
terminology) the opportunity to receive new warrants (the New Warrants) to purchase up to 2,142,858 shares (the New Warrant Shares) of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.00001 per share (the Class A Common Stock),

which is equal to 200% of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of certain outstanding warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 1,071,429 shares of Class A Common Stock,
currently held by you and consisting of: (i) 714,286 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Class A Warrants issued to you on September 17, 2024 (the Class A Warrants), and (ii) 357,143 shares of Class A Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of Class B Warrants issued to you on September 17, 2024 (the Class B Warrants and together with the Class A Warrants,, the Existing Warrants), as more particularly set forth on the signature page hereto, in
consideration for exercising for cash any or all such Existing Warrants. The issuance, or resale, of the shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the Existing Warrants have been registered pursuant to the Companys effective registration statement
on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-282724). The shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the Existing Warrants are referred to herein as the Warrant Shares and the effective registration statement on Form S-1 referenced in the foregoing
sentence is referred to herein as the Registration Statement. The Registration Statement is currently effective and, upon exercise of the Existing Warrants pursuant to this letter agreement, will remain effective for the resale of the
Warrant Shares. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the New Warrants (as defined hereinafter).

The Company is making you this offer during the period from the date of this Inducement Offer set forth above and until 4:00 p.m.
Eastern Time, on March 21, 2025 (the Exercise Period). Exercise of the Existing Warrants may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery to the Company of
a duly executed facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise attached to the Existing Warrants, as applicable; provided, that the exercise of Existing
Warrants will be accompanied by payment in full of the Exercise Price (as defined below) to the Company.

The Company desires to reduce the Exercise Price of the Existing Warrants to $1.93 per share (the Exercise Price). In
consideration for exercising the Existing Warrants held by the Holder, and each time that the Holder exercises Existing Warrants pursuant to the terms of this Offer (the Warrant Exercise), the Company hereby offers to issue you or your
designees:

1

(a) unregistered New Warrants to purchase up to 2,142,858 New Warrant Shares, which equals 200% of the number
of Warrant Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of Existing Warrants, which New Warrants shall be issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), which

New Warrants shall be substantially in the form as set forth in Exhibit A hereto. The New Warrants will be exercisable at any time on or after the Stockholder Approval Date (as defined in the New
Warrants), have an exercise price of $2.00 per share and have a term of exercise of five (5) years from the Stockholder Approval Date (as defined below); and

(b) the New Warrants certificates will be delivered within one (1) Trading Day following the Warrant Exercise, and such New Warrants, together with
any Warrant Shares, shall, unless and until registered, contain customary restrictive legends and other language typical for an unregistered warrant and unregistered shares. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event that any
Warrant Exercise would otherwise cause the Holder to exceed the beneficial ownership limitations (Beneficial Ownership Limitation) set forth in Section 2(e) of the Existing Warrants (or, if applicable and at the Holders election, 9.99%),
the Company shall only issue such number of Warrant Shares to the Holder that would not cause the Holder to exceed the maximum number of Warrant Shares permitted thereunder, as directed by the Holder, with the balance to be held in abeyance until
notice from the Holder that the balance (or portion thereof) may be issued in compliance with such limitations, which abeyance shall be evidenced through the Existing Warrants which shall be deemed prepaid thereafter (including the payment in full of
the exercise price), and exercised pursuant to a Notice of Exercise in the Existing Warrants (provided no additional exercise price shall be due and payable). The parties hereby agree that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation for purposes of the
Existing Warrants is as set forth on the Holders signature page hereto.

Expressly subject to the paragraph immediately following this paragraph below, the Holder may accept this offer by signing this letter below, which
constitutes the Holders acceptance to exercise Existing Warrants at the Holders own discretion subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation set forth in Section 2(e) of the Existing Warrants.

In addition, the Company agrees to the representations, warranties and covenants set forth on Annex A
attached hereto.

The Holder represents and warrants that, as of the date hereof, the Holder is fully aware of, and has reviewed all of the Companys
public filings.

Holder represents and warrants that, as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which it exercises any New Warrants it will be, an accredited
investor as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, and agrees that the New Warrants will contain restrictive legends when issued, and neither the New Warrants nor the New Warrant Shares will be registered under the
Securities Act, except as provided in Annex A attached hereto. Also, the Holder represents and warrants that it is acquiring the New Warrants as principal for its own account and has no direct or
indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of the New Warrants or the New Warrant Shares (this representation is not limiting Holders right to sell the New Warrant Shares pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws).

The Holder understands that the issuance of the New Warrants and the New Warrant Shares are not, and may never be, registered under the Securities
Act, or the securities laws of any state and, accordingly, each certificate, if any, representing such securities shall bear a legend substantially similar to the following:

2

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

Upon the Holders exercise of the New Warrants, certificates evidencing the New Warrant Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set
forth above), (i) while a registration statement covering the resale of such New Warrant Shares is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such New Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, (iii) if such New
Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the New Warrants), without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144 as to such New Warrant
Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, (iv) if such New Warrant Shares may be sold under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the New Warrants) and the Company is then in compliance with the current public information
requirement under Rule 144 as to such New Warrant Shares, or (v) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Commission) and the earliest of clauses (i) through (v), the Delegend Date)). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent promptly after the Delegend Date if required
by the Company and/or the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or at the request of the Holder, which opinion shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Holder. From and after the Delegend Date, such New
Warrant Shares shall be issued free of all legends, provided that, upon request of the Company (which request shall also include a form of customary representation letter), the Holder has delivered in advance to the Company a customary representation
letter that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company and its counsel. The Company agrees that following the Delegend Date or at such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section, it will, no later than one (1) Trading Day following
the delivery by the Holder to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing the New Warrant Shares issued with a restrictive legend, along with such certificate(s) or other documentation reasonably
requested by the Companys counsel and/or the Companys transfer agent (the Transfer Agent), including a customary representation letter, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Companys counsel and/or the Transfer Agent (such
first (1st) Trading Day, the Legend Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to the Holder a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends or, at the request of the Holder, shall
credit the account of the Holders prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by the Holder.

3

In addition to the Holders other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Holder, in cash, (i) as partial liquidated damages and not as a
penalty, for each $1,000 of New Warrant Shares (based on the VWAP of the Class A Common Stock on the date such New Warrant Shares are submitted to the Transfer Agent) delivered for removal of the restrictive legend, $10 per Trading Day (increasing to
$20 per Trading Day five (5) Trading Days after such damages have begun to accrue) for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal Date until such certificate is delivered without a legend and (ii) if the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver (or
cause to be delivered) to the Holder by the Legend Removal Date a certificate representing the New Warrant Shares free from all restrictive and other legends and (b) if after the Legend Removal Date the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction
or otherwise) shares of Class A Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of all or any portion of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to all or any portion
of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that the Holder anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then, an amount equal to the excess of the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other
out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Class A Common Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) over the product of (A) such number of New Warrant Shares that the Company was required to
deliver to the Holder by the Legend Removal Date and for which the Holder was required to purchase shares to timely satisfy delivery requirements, multiplied by (B) the weighted average price at which the Holder sold that number of shares of Class A
Common Stock.

If this offer is accepted and this offer letter is executed, then on or before 8:30 a.m., Eastern Time, on the Trading Day following the date hereof,
the Company shall issue a press release and/or file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission disclosing all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder, including this letter agreement as an exhibit thereto with the Commission.
From and after the issuance of such press release or filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, as applicable, the Company represents to you that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to you by the Company,
or any of its respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release and/or filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, the Company
acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates
on the one hand, and you and your Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate. The Company represents, warrants and covenants that, upon acceptance of this offer, and upon issuance of the Warrant Shares, the Warrant Shares shall be issued free of
any legends or restrictions on resale by Holder.

No later than the first (1st) Trading Day following the date hereof, the closing (Closing) shall occur at such location as the
parties shall mutually agree. Unless otherwise directed by A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners. (the Financial Advisor), settlement of the Warrant Shares shall occur via Delivery Versus Payment (DVP) (i.e., on the Closing Date, the
Company shall issue the Warrant Shares registered in the Holders name and address provided to the Company in writing and released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Financial Advisor identified by the Holder; upon receipt of
such Warrant Shares, the Financial Advisor shall promptly electronically deliver such Warrant Shares to the Holder, and payment therefor shall concurrently be made to the Company by the Financial Advisor (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the
Company). The date of the Closing of the exercise of the Existing Warrants shall be referred to as the Closing Date.

Stockholder Approval. In addition, the Company shall hold an annual or special meeting of stockholders on or prior to the date that is sixty
(60) days following the date of this offer letter for the purpose of obtaining Stockholder Approval, with the recommendation of the Companys Board of Directors that such proposals are approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its
stockholders in connection therewith in the same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management appointed proxyholders shall vote their proxies in favor of such proposals. If the Company does not obtain
Stockholder Approval at the first meeting, the Company shall call a meeting every three (3) months thereafter to seek Stockholder Approval until the earlier of the date on which Stockholder Approval is obtained or the New Warrants are no longer
outstanding. The Holder covenants that if it holds any shares of Class A Common Stock as of the date of such meeting, the Holder shall not vote such shares of Class A Common Stock on the proposal for Stockholder Approval at such meeting.

4

Stockholder Approval means such approval to the extent required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC (or any successor entity) from the stockholders of the Company with respect to the issuance of all the New Warrant Shares upon the exercise the New Warrants.

Stockholder Approval Date means the date on which Stockholder Approval is received and deemed effective under Delaware
law.

Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement
and interpretation of this letter agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all
legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this letter agreement and the New Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers,
shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal
courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any
of this letter agreement and the New Warrant), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such action or proceeding is
improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified
mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this letter agreement or the New Warrant, then,
in addition to the obligations of the Company under the following paragraph, the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred
with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

5

Indemnification. Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, the Company will indemnify and hold each Holder and its directors, officers,
shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls each Holder (within
the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such
titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Holder Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all
judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Holder Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any material breach of any of the representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this offer letter or the New Warrant or (b) any action instituted against each Holder Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the
Company who is not an Affiliate of such Holder Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by this offer letter or the New Warrant (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Holder Partys representations,
warranties or covenants under this offer letter or any agreements or understandings such Holder Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Holder Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Holder Party
which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct), or (c) in connection with the Registration Statement or the Resale Registration Statement, the Company will indemnify each Holder Party, to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses, as incurred, arising out of or relating to (i) any untrue
or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement or the Resale Registration Statement, any prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or
arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any prospectus or supplement thereto, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made) not misleading, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Holder Party furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder Party
expressly for use therein, or (ii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder in connection therewith. If any action shall be brought
against any Holder Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Holder Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its
own choosing reasonably acceptable to each Holder Party. Any Holder Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense
of such Holder Party except to the extent that (x) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (y) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (z) in
such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Holder Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees
and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Holder Party under this Agreement (1) for any settlement by a Holder Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (2) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Holder Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such 
Holder Party in this offer letter or the New Warrant. The indemnification required by this paragraph shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are
incurred; provided, however, that if it is subsequently determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction that each Holder was not entitled to receive such payments, each Holder shall promptly (but in no event
later than five (5) Business Days) return such payments to the Company. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Holder Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the
Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

6

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

[Signature Page Follows]

7

Sincerely yours, 

MOMENTUS INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Lon Ensler 

Title: 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

[Momentus Inc. Signature Page to Inducement Offer Letter, dated March 20, 2025]

[Holder Signature Page Follows]

8

HOLDER SIGNATURE PAGE TO MOMENTUS INC. INDUCEMENT AGREEMENT

Accepted and Agreed to:

Name of Holder: 

Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Number of Existing Warrants: 1,071,429 (consisting of: (i) 714,286 Class A Warrants and (ii)
357,143 Class B Warrants)

Aggregate Warrant Exercise Price being exercised contemporaneously with signing this letter agreement: 

$1.93 per Warrant for a total of $2,067,857.97

Existing Warrants Beneficial Ownership Blocker: 4.99% or 9.99% 

New Warrants: (up to 200% of total Existing Warrants being exercised): 

2,142,858

New Warrants Beneficial Ownership Blocker: 4.99% or 9.99% 

DTC Instructions:

[Holder Signature Page to Momentus Inc. Inducement Offer Letter]

9

Annex A

Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby
makes the following representations and warranties to the Holder:

a) SEC Reports. Other than the Companys failure to timely file with the SEC (i) its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ended
March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024, and (ii) its Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the
Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the
exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein SEC Reports). As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and none of the SEC Reports, when filed,
contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading
except as otherwise noted in a subsequent SEC Report.

b) Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this letter agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this letter agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly
authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, its board of directors or its stockholders in connection herewith, if applicable. This letter agreement has been duly executed by the
Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief
or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. The New Warrants and New Warrant Shares are duly authorized and the New Warrant Shares,
when issued and paid for in accordance with the terms of this letter and the New Warrants, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all liens imposed by the Company. The New Warrants constitute valid and
binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting the rights of
creditors generally and subject to general principles of equity.

c) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this letter agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the
transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents; or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a
default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any liens, claims, security interests, other encumbrances or defects upon any of the properties or assets of the Company in
connection with, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any material agreement, credit facility, debt or other material instrument (evidencing Company
debt or otherwise) or other material understanding to which such Company is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected; or (iii) conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment,
injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected,
except, in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect upon the business, prospects, properties, operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of
operations of the Company, taken as a whole, or in its ability to perform its obligations under this letter agreement.

10

d) Registration Obligations. As soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event within thirty (30)
calender days following the date of this letter agreement), the Company shall file a registration statement on Form S-1 providing for the resale of the New Warrant Shares by the holders of the New Warrants (the Resale Registration Statement).

The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Resale Registration Statement to become effective within sixty (60) calendar days following the date of this letter agreement (or within ninety (90) calendar days following the date
of this letter agreement in case of a review of such registration statement by the Commission) and to keep the Resale Registration Statement effective at all times until no holder of the New Warrants owns any New Warrants or New Warrant Shares.

e) Trading Market. The transactions contemplated under this letter agreement comply with all the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital
Market.

f) Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this letter agreement, other than: (i) the
filings required pursuant to this letter agreement; and (ii) application(s) or notice to each applicable Trading Market for the listing of the New Warrants and New Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby.

g) Listing of Class A Common Stock. The Holder is fully aware of, and has reviewed all of the Companys public filings on EDGAR since January
1, 2024. The Company agrees, if the Company applies to have the Class A Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the New Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause
all of the New Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Class A Common Stock on a Trading Market
and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Class A Common Stock for electronic transfer through
the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic
transfer.

11

h) Subsequent Equity Sales.

(i) 

Until thirty (30) days following the date of this letter agreement, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (A) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any Class A Common Stock
or Class A Common Stock Equivalents or (B) file any registration statement or any amendment or supplement to any existing registration statement (other than the filing of (x) the Resale Registration Statement referred to herein,
(y) any prospectus or prospectus supplement, or (z) a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with any employee benefit plan); provided, however, the Company may enter into this Inducement
Agreement and any other inducement agreement entered into by other holders of Existing Warrants with respect to the inducement offer being made herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section (h)(i)
shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance. Exempt Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Class A Common Stock or options to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly
adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b)
shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any securities issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Class A Common Stock issued
and outstanding on the date of this letter agreement, (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued
as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in this Section (h)(i), and
provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business and shall provide to the Company
additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, (d) any securities pursuant to transactions that qualify as exempt issuances that are as defined and permitted pursuant to any currently outstanding agreements of the Company.
Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other
entity of any kind.

(ii) 

From the date hereof until the six (6) month anniversary following the date of this offer letter, the
Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable
Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive
additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after
the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the
occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Class A Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not
limited to, an equity line of credit or an at the market offering, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been issued and regardless of
whether such agreement is subsequently canceled; provided, however, that, after sixty (60) days following the date of this offer letter, the entry into and/or issuance of shares of Common Stock in an at the market offering
with A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners as sales agent shall not be deemed a Variable Rate Transaction. The Holder shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in
addition to any right to collect damages.

12

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or its subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to
acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the
holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

(iii) 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section (h) shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance.

(iv) 

The Holder consents to the use of the proceeds from the exercise of the Existing Warrants to settle outstanding litigation.

i) Blue Sky Filings. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption
for, or to qualify the New Warrants and New Warrant Shares for, sale to the Holder at Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any
Holder.

13

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: MOMENTUS INC.

The undersigned hereby elects to purchase the number of Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the Existing Warrant set forth below and
tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

Name of Holder: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Number of Existing Warrants Exercised: 

Reduced Exercise Price: 

Aggregate Warrant Exercise Price at the Reduced Exercise Price being exercised contemporaneously 

with signing this letter agreement: 

Existing Warrants Beneficial Ownership Blocker: 4.99% or 9.99%

New Warrants: (up to 200% of total Existing Warrants being exercised): 

New Warrants Beneficial Ownership Blocker: 4.99% or 9.99%

DTC Instructions:

14

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF NEW WARRANT

(See Attachment)

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>mnts-20250320.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mnts-20250320_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>mnts-20250320_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Class A [Member] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Entity Listings [Table] 

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Warrants [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>mnts-20250320_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 20, 2025

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 20, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39128

Entity Registrant Name Momentus Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001781162

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-1905538

Entity Address, Address Line One 3901 N. First Street

Entity Address, City or Town San Jose

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 95134

City Area Code 650

Local Phone Number 564-7820

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Common Class A [Member] 

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A common stock

Trading Symbol MNTS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants [Member] 

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants

Trading Symbol MNTSW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityListingsLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=mnts_WarrantsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
22 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://momentus.space/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ef20045953_8k.htm 
mnts-20250320.xsd 
mnts-20250320_def.xml 
mnts-20250320_lab.xml 
mnts-20250320_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-009817-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ef20045953_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001781162 

2025-03-20 
2025-03-20 

0001781162 

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember 

2025-03-20 
2025-03-20 

0001781162 

mnts:WarrantsMember 

2025-03-20 
2025-03-20 

false 
0001781162 
8-K 
2025-03-20 
Momentus Inc. 
DE 
001-39128 
84-1905538 
3901 N. First Street 
San Jose 
CA 
95134 
650 
564-7820 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A common stock 
MNTS 
NASDAQ 
Warrants 
MNTSW 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>