<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-030583.txt : 20250401
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-030583.hdr.sgml : 20250401
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250401163032
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-030583
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250401
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250401

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cara Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001346830
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36279
		FILM NUMBER:		25800225

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 ATLANTIC STREET, SUITE 500
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06901
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203-406-3700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 ATLANTIC STREET, SUITE 500
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06901

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cara Therapeutics Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051213
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2510381d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000134683000013468302025-04-012025-04-01iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 1, 2025

CARA THERAPEUTICS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-36279 75-3175693

(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or

organization) 

(Commission 

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

400 Atlantic Street

Suite 500

Stamford, Connecticut 06901

(Address of principal executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (203)
406-3700

Check the appropriate box below if the Form
8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions
(see General Instruction A.2.):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading

Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which

registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share CARA The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

On April 1, 2025, Cara
Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) held its Special Meeting of Stockholders (the Special Meeting). At the Special
Meeting, the Companys stockholders voted on the six proposals set forth below.

At the close of business
on February 5, 2025, the record date for the Special Meeting, there were 4,571,229 shares of the Companys common stock issued and
outstanding. The holders of a total of 2,257,479 shares of the Companys common stock were represented at the Special Meeting by proxy
or by attendance at the virtual meeting, representing approximately 49.38% of the Companys issued and outstanding common stock as
of the record date, which total constituted a quorum for the Special Meeting in accordance with the Companys bylaws.

The final voting results
for each of the proposals voted upon at the Special Meeting is set forth below. For more information on the proposals voted upon at the
meeting, please refer to the Companys definitive proxy statement for the Special Meeting dated February 14, 2025.

Proposal No. 1 
Approval of the Issuance of Shares of the Companys Common Stock Pursuant to the Merger (defined below)

The stockholders approved
the issuance of shares of the Companys common stock pursuant to the merger (the Merger) of CT Convergence Merger
Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, with and into Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. (Tvardi), with Tvardi surviving
the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, which (i) will represent more than 20% of the shares of the Companys
common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Merger and (ii) result in the change of control of the Company, pursuant to Rules
5635(a) and 5635(b) of Nasdaq, respectively (the Stock Issuance Proposal), by the following votes:

Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes

2,088,293 166,062 3,124 

Proposal No. 2 - Approval
of Equity Plan

The stockholders approved
the Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. 2025 Equity Incentive Plan, by the following votes:

Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes

1,614,099 639,688 3,692 

Proposal No. 3 - Approval
of Employee Stock Purchase Plan

The stockholders approved
the Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. 2025 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, by the following votes:

Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes

1,811,877 440,010 5,592 

Proposal
No. 4 Approval of an Amendment to the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Effecting
the Reverse Stock Split at a Ratio in the Range From 1-for-2 to 1-for-4

The stockholders approved an amendment to the
amended and restated certificate of incorporation of the Company to effect a reverse stock split of the Companys common stock
at a ratio within the range between 1-for-2 to 1-for-4 (with such ratio to be mutually agreed upon by the Companys Board of Directors
and the Tvardi Board of Directors prior to the effectiveness of the Merger or, if the Stock Issuance Proposal is not approved by the Companys
stockholders, determined solely by the Companys Board of Directors), by the following votes:

Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes

2,074,463 178,823 4,193 

2 

Proposal No. 5 Approval of an Increase in Authorized
Shares

The stockholders approved an amendment to the
Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of the Companys common
stock from 16,666,667 shares to 150,000,000 shares, by the following votes:

Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes

2,063,711 190,834 2,934 

Proposal
No. 6 Approval, on an Advisory, Non-Binding Basis, of Merger-Related Executive Compensation Arrangements 

The stockholders approved, on an advisory,
nonbinding basis, the compensation that will or may become payable by the Company to its named executive officers in connection with the
Merger, by the following votes:

Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes

2,059,752 191,692 6,035 

Item 8.01 Other Events.

The Company is filing this Current Report on Form
8-K to provide certain financial information with respect to the Merger. Specifically, this Current Report on Form 8-K provides: (i) audited
financial statements of Tvardi as of and for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated
herein by reference, (ii) Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of Tvardi for the
years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated herein by reference, and (iii) the unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024, relating to the proposed Merger, attached
hereto as Exhibit 99.3 and incorporated herein by reference. Such unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements have been
prepared on the basis of certain assumptions and estimates and are subject to other uncertainties and do not purport to reflect what the
actual results of operations or financial condition of the combined company would have been had the Merger been consummated on the dates
assumed for purposes of such pro forma financial statements or to be indicative of the financial condition or results of operations of
the combined company as of or for any future date or period. For further information, see Exhibit 99.3. The information in Exhibits 99.1
and 99.2 were provided by Tvardi.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

No. Description

99.1 Audited Financial Statements of Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023

99.2 Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of Tvardi for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023

99.3 Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document)

3 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements contained in this Current Report
on Form 8-K regarding matters that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Examples of these forward-looking statements include statements regarding the anticipated completion
and effects of the proposed Merger; the ability of the parties to consummate the Merger on the expected timeline or at all; the progress,
scope or duration of the development of product candidates or programs, including the expected timing for Tvardis regulatory submissions;
statements concerning current or proposed programs or product candidates of Tvardi; strategies, prospects, plans, expectations or objectives
of management Tvardi for future its operations; and other statements regarding managements intentions, plans, beliefs, expectations
or forecasts for the future, and, therefore, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on them. Because such statements are subject
to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, including those factors discussed in the section titled Risk Factors
in the Registration Statement on Form S-4, as amended (File No. 333-283900) initially filed by Cara with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC) on December 18, 2024 and declared effective by the SEC on February 14, 2025, the completion of the Merger, including
the need for the satisfaction (or waiver) of closing conditions; and the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance or condition
that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement. Additional risks and uncertainties are identified and discussed in the
Risk Factors section of Caras Annual Report on Form 10-K and other documents filed from time to time with the SEC.
All forward-looking statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K speak only as of the date on which they were made. Cara undertakes
no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made,
except as required by law.

No Offer or Solicitation

This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation
of an offer to buy any securities nor a solicitation of any vote or approval with respect to the Merger or otherwise. No offering of securities
shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act, and otherwise in accordance
with applicable law.

4 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

CARA THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: /s/ Ryan Maynard

Ryan Maynard

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

Date: April 1, 2025

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2510381d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Page

Report of independent registered public accounting firm F-2

Balance sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 F-3

Statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 F-4

Statements of redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders deficit for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 F-5

Statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 F-6

Notes to financial statements F-7

F-1

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors
of Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related statements of operations and comprehensive
loss, redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended
December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.

Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company
has suffered recurring losses from operations and does not have sufficient cash on hand or available liquidity to fund operations, which
raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Managements plans in regard to these matters are also
described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to
be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required
to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are
required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on
the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical
audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or
required to be communicated to the board of directors and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Prepaid and Accrued Research and Development Expenses 
Refer to Notes 2, 4 and 6 to the financial statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

The Company recognizes research and development expenses and records
accruals for estimated costs of research and development activities conducted by third-party contract research organizations (CROs) service
providers. The majority of the Companys service providers invoice in arrears for services performed, on a pre-determined schedule,
or when contractual milestones are met; however, some require advanced payments. The Company records advance payments to service providers
as prepaid expenses and other current assets, which are expensed as the contracted services are performed. The Company accrues for these
costs based on factors such as the time period over which services will be performed, the enrollment of patients, and the level of effort
to be expended in each period in accordance with its agreements with its third-party service providers for such services.

Given the significant judgments made by the Company in estimating the
progress or stage of completion of the services, auditing the Company's accrued and prepaid research and development expenses related
to CROs was especially challenging. Specifically, because the amount of accrued and prepaid research and development expenses is dependent
on the Companys receipt of timely and accurate reporting from third-party service providers, the Companys estimates of work
completed as of the balance sheet date, and the Companys estimates of the period over which this work will be performed, auditing
prepaid and accrued research and development expenses related to CROs required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent
of effort.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our audit procedures related to testing the prepaid and accrued research
and development expenses included the following, among others:

We tested the design and implementation of relevant controls over the Companys
review of associated journal entries. 

We evaluated the Companys accounting policy for prepaid and accrued
research and development liabilities, including the estimation approach for the expenses, for reasonableness.

We evaluated the Companys judgments, including but not limited to,
patient enrollment, using the evidence obtained to determine the prepaid and accrued research and development liabilities.

We confirmed the monthly patient enrollment directly with the CROs.

For a sample of agreements and contracts, we agreed inputs utilized in the
estimate of prepaid and accrued research and development liabilities to the underlying contract, corresponding invoices incurred during
the period and evidence of payment to test the Company's disbursements made to third-party service providers.

We compared invoices received by the Company subsequent to December 31, 2024,
to the accrued research and development expenses related to CROs recognized by the Company.

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

Houston, Texas

April 1, 2025

We have served as the Companys auditor
since 2022.

F-2

Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.

Balance Sheets

(Amounts in thousands, except
share and per share amounts)

As of December 31, 

2024 2023 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents $ 31,614 $ 22,919 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 72 3,239 

Total current assets 31,686 26,158 

Property and equipment, net 84 116 

Intangible assets, net 385 448 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 216 262 

Deferred offering costs 2,811 - 

Other non-current assets 17 17 

Total assets $ 35,199 $ 27,001 

Liabilities, Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, and Stockholders' Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable $ 2,186 1,611 

Accrued expenses 8,078 1,577 

Operating lease liabilities, current portion 103 93 

Total current liabilities 10,367 3,281 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 201 275 

Convertible Notes 30,259 - 

Total liabilities 40,827 3,556 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 

Redeemable convertible preferred stock (Series A, B), $0.001 par value; 29,723,540 shares authorized as of December 31, 2024 and 2023; 29,555,538 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and 2023; aggregate liquidation preference of $85,902 as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 85,503 85,503 

Stockholders' Deficit: 

Common stock, $0.001 par value; 58,251,629 shares authorized as of December 31, 2024 and 2023; 19,197,914 and 19,134,164 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively 19 19 

Additional paid-in capital 1,086 762 

Accumulated deficit (92,236 ) (62,839 )

Total stockholders' deficit (91,131 ) (62,058 )

Total liabilities, redeemable convertible preferred stock, and stockholders' deficit $ 35,199 $ 27,001 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements.

F-3

Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.

Statements of Operations

(Amounts in thousands, except
share and per share amounts)

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development $ 23,650 $ 15,866 

General and administrative 4,457 2,799 

Total operating expenses 28,107 18,665 

Loss from operations (28,107 ) (18,665 )

Interest income 747 1,318 

Other income (expense), net (2,037 ) - 

Net loss $ (29,397 ) $ (17,347 )

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted $ (1.53 ) $ (0.91 )

Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 19,193,932 19,134,096 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements.

F-4

Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.

Statements of Redeemable Convertible
Preferred Stock and Stockholders Deficit

(Amounts in thousands, except
share amounts)

Redeemable
Convertible

Preferred Stock Common
Stock Additional Paid-In Accumulated Accumulated Other Total
Stockholders' 

Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Comprehensive Loss Deficit

Balances as of December 31, 2022 29,555,538 $ 85,503 19,127,914 $ 19 $ 446 $ (45,492 ) $ (24 ) $ (45,051 )

Exercise of stock options - - 6,250 - 2 - - 2 

Stock-based compensation - - 314 - - 314 

Maturities of short-term investments - - - - - - 24 24 

Net loss - - - - - (17,347 ) - (17,347 )

Balances as
of December 31, 2023 29,555,538 $ 85,503 19,134,164 $ 19 $ 762 $ (62,839 ) $ - $ (62,058 )

Exercise of stock options - - 63,750 - 5 - - 5 

Stock-based compensation - - - - 319 - - 319 

Net loss - - - - - (29,397 ) - (29,397 )

Balances as
of December 31, 2024 29,555,538 $ 85,503 19,197,914 $ 19 $ 1,086 $ (92,236 ) $ - $ (91,131 )

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements.

F-5

Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.

Statements of Cash Flows

(Amounts in thousands)

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss $ (29,397 ) $ (17,347 )

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization expense 95 95 

Stock-based compensation expense 319 314 

Change in fair value of Convertible Notes 1,807 - 

Non-cash lease expense 76 51 

Accretion of discounts on short-term investments - (194 )

Interest accrued on Convertible Notes 154 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 3,167 (2,869 )

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 5,567 (1,008 )

Operating lease liabilities (93 ) (82 )

Net cash used in operating activities (18,305 ) (21,040 )

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Maturities of short-term investments - 22,468 

Net cash provided by investing activities - 22,468 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 5 2 

Proceeds from Convertible Notes 28,298 - 

Payments of deferred offering costs (1,303 ) - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 27,000 2 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 8,695 1,430 

Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of year 22,919 21,489 

Cash and cash equivalents - end of year $ 31,614 $ 22,919 

Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Deferred offering costs included in accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 1,508 $ - 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements.

F-6

Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.

Notes to Financial Statements

1. Nature of the Business and Basis of Presentation

Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.,
Tvardi or the Company, incorporated on December 20, 2017, is a Delaware Corporation headquartered in Houston, Texas. The Company
is a clinical-stage, biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of novel, oral, small molecule therapies targeting STAT3 to
treat fibrosis-driven diseases with significant unmet need. Based upon its founders seminal work and deep understanding of the
transcription factor, STAT3, the Company has designed an innovative approach to directly inhibit STAT3, a highly validated, yet historically
undruggable target. Leveraging this expertise, the Company is developing a pipeline of STAT3 inhibitors with a differentiated mechanism
of action and convenient oral dosing. The Companys lead product candidate, TTI-101, is currently in Phase 2 clinical development
for the treatment of fibrosis-driven diseases, with an initial focus on idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, IPF and hepatocellular carcinoma,
HCC.

Risks and Uncertainties

The Company is subject
to risks and uncertainties common to early-stage companies in the biopharmaceutical industry, including, but not limited to, successful
development of TTI-101 and TTI-109, the development of new technological innovations by competitors, dependence on key personnel, the
ability to attract and retain qualified employees, protection of proprietary technology, compliance with governmental regulations and
the ability to secure additional capital to fund operations and commercial success of TTI-101 and TTI-109. There can be no assurance that
the Companys research and development will be successfully completed, that adequate protection for the Companys intellectual
property will be maintained, that any therapeutic products developed will obtain required regulatory approval or that any approved or
consumer products will be commercially viable. Even if the Companys development efforts are successful, it is uncertain when, if
ever, the Company will generate significant product sales.

Additionally, the Company
is subject to risks and uncertainties as a result of global business, political and macroeconomic events and conditions, including
increasing financial market volatility and uncertainty, inflation, interest rate fluctuations, uncertainty with respect to the federal
budget and debt ceiling and potential government shutdowns related thereto, potential instability in the global banking system, cybersecurity
events, the impact of war or military conflict, including regional conflicts around the world, and public health pandemics. The extent
to which business, political and macroeconomic factors, including increasing financial market volatility and uncertainty, will impact
the Companys business will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time.

Proposed Merger

On December 17,
2024 the Company entered into an agreement and plan of merger and reorganization (the Merger Agreement) with Cara Therapeutics, Inc.
(Cara), and CT Convergence Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cara (Merger Sub), pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge
with and into the Company, with the Company surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cara (such transaction, the Merger).

Upon completion of
the Merger, the business of the Company will continue as the business of the surviving corporation. After the completion of the Merger,
Cara will change its corporate name to Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.

Subject to the terms
and conditions of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time):

each outstanding share of common stock of Tvardi (including the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of preferred
stock of Tvardi prior to the Merger), $0.001 par value per share (Tvardi common stock), will be converted into the right to receive a
number shares of common stock of Cara, $0.001 par value per share (Cara common stock) in the aggregate, based on a ratio calculated in
accordance with the Merger Agreement (the Exchange Ratio); and

F-7

the outstanding Convertible Notes of Tvardi will be converted into shares of Cara common stock, pursuant to the terms of the Convertible
Notes (as defined in Note 8, Convertible Notes).

At the Effective Time,
subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Cara will assume outstanding and unexercised options to purchase shares of
Tvardi common stock, and in connection with the Merger, they will be converted into options to purchase shares of Cara common stock based
on the Exchange Ratio. As of the Effective Time, Caras stockholders will continue to own and hold their then existing shares of
Cara common stock, which are subject to adjustment for the reverse stock split proposed in connection with the Merger.

The completion of the
Merger is subject to customary closing conditions, including, among other things (i) approval by the stockholders of each party of
the adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) The Nasdaq Stock Market LLCs
approval of the listing of shares of Cara common stock to be issued in connection with the Merger, (iii) the effectiveness of a registration
statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in connection with the Merger, and (iv) Cara net cash at the Effective
Time of at least $18.0 million.

The Merger will be
accounted for as an in-substance reverse recapitalization of Cara by Tvardi. The treatment as an in-substance reverse recapitalization
is based on the assessment that as a result of, and following, Caras discontinuation of its research and development activities,
sale of certain of its remaining assets and liabilities in connection to its asset purchase agreement, and settlement of its other remaining
operating assets and liabilities, on the closing date of the Merger, Cara is expected to have nominal operations and nominal pre-combination
assets. These nominal pre-combination assets are expected to primarily be cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. Under this
method of accounting, Tvardi will be considered the accounting acquirer for financial reporting purposes.

Liquidity and Going Concern

The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets
and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.

The Company has incurred
net operating losses and negative cash flows from operations since its inception. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company
incurred a net loss of $29.4 million and used $18.3 million of cash in operating activities. As of December 31, 2024, the Company
had an accumulated deficit of $92.2 million.

To date, the Company
has no products approved for marketing and sale and it has not yet recorded any revenue from product sales. The Companys ability
to achieve profitability is dependent on its ability to successfully develop its lead compound, conduct clinical trials, obtain regulatory
approvals, and support commercialization activities for its product candidates. Any products developed will require approval of the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, or a foreign regulatory authority prior to commercial sale.

Since inception, the
Company has relied primarily on sales of redeemable convertible preferred stock and issuance of convertible debt to fund its operations.
The Companys product candidates are still in the early stages of development, and substantial additional financing will be needed
by the Company to fund its operations and ongoing research and development efforts prior to the commercialization of its product candidates.

The Company's cash and cash equivalents of $31.6 million as of December 31, 2024 is not sufficient to fund its planned operations for
at least one year from the issuance date of these financial statements, which raises substantial doubt as to the Company's ability to
continue as a going concern.

Significant additional
funding is necessary to maintain current operations and to advance the Companys research and development activities. The Company
is seeking to complete a planned reverse merger with Cara, as discussed above, and plans to seek additional funding through subsequent
public or private offerings of equity or debt securities and other funding sources. Alternatively, in the event the Company does not complete the reverse
merger, the Company plans to seek additional funding through equity offerings or debt financings, credit or loan facilities, strategic
alliances and licensing arrangements. The Companys ability to access capital when and in the amount needed is not assured. As a
result, the Company has concluded that managements plans do not alleviate substantial doubt about the Companys ability to
continue as a going concern.

The accompanying financial
statements do not reflect any adjustments relating to the recoverability and reclassifications of assets and liabilities that might be
necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.

F-8

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying financial
statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America,
or GAAP. The accompanying financial statements represent the accounts of the Company. The Company does not maintain ownership in any subsidiaries
and therefore does not consolidate any other entities within the presented financial statements.

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Use of Estimates

The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets, liabilities, and expenses as of and during the reporting period. The Company bases estimates and assumptions on historical experience
when available and on various factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. The Company assesses estimates on an
ongoing basis; however, actual results could materially differ from those estimates. Significant estimates and assumptions reflected within
these financial statements include, but are not limited to, prepaid and accrued research and development expenses, including those related
to contract research organizations, or CROs, contract development manufacturing organizations, or CDMOs, and other third-party vendors,
and the valuation of the Companys common stock, stock- based awards, and Convertible Notes. Changes in estimates are recorded in
the period in which they become known.

Concentration of Credit Risk and of
Significant Suppliers

The Companys
cash and cash equivalents represent potential concentrations of credit risk. The Company deposits its cash and cash equivalents in financial
institutions in amounts that may exceed federally insured limits, has not experienced any losses on such accounts and does not believe
it is exposed to any unusual credit risk beyond the normal credit risk associated with commercial banking relationships.

The following table presents information about
the Companys significant suppliers:

For the Year Ended December 31, As of December 31, 

2024 2023 2024 2023 

% of operating expenses % of accounts payable 

Vendor A 62 % 33 % 43 % 40 %

Vendor B 1 % 14 % 2 % - 

Vendor C 3 % 8 % 8 % 10 %

Vendor D - - - 19 %

66 % 55 % 53 % 69 %

The Companys
preclinical studies and clinical trials and testing could be adversely affected by a significant interruption in the supply chain from
its significant suppliers.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers
all highly liquid investments, with an original maturity of three months or less, to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents include amounts
held in money market funds in the amount of $31.3 million and $21.8 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

The Company recorded interest income
on its cash equivalents of $0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 on its statements on operations. The Company recorded
interest income of $1.3 million on its cash equivalents and previously outstanding short-term investments during the year ended December 31,
2023 on its statements of operations. The interest income recorded during the year ended December 31, 2023 is also inclusive of accretion
of its discounts on its short-term investments, which fully matured during the year ended December 31, 2023.

F-9

Deferred Offering Costs

The Company capitalizes certain legal,
professional accounting and other third-party fees that are directly associated with in process equity financings as deferred offering
costs until such financings are consummated. After consummation of the equity financing, these costs are recorded as a reduction of the
proceeds from the offering, either as a reduction of the carrying value of the preferred stock or in stockholders deficit as a
reduction of additional paid-in-capital generated as a result of the offering. Should the planned equity financing be abandoned, the deferred
offering costs will be expensed immediately as a charge to operating expenses in the statements of operations. The Company recorded deferred
offering costs of $2.8 million and $0 as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

Fair Value Measurements

Certain assets and
liabilities of the Company are carried at fair value under GAAP. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for
an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.

Financial assets and
liabilities carried at fair value are to be classified and disclosed in one of the following three levels of the fair value hierarchy,
of which the first two are considered observable and the last is considered unobservable:

Level 1Quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2Observable inputs (other
than Level 1 quoted prices), such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that
are not active for identical or similar assets or liabilities, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable
market data.

Level 3Unobservable
inputs that are supported by little or no market activity that are significant to determining the fair value of the assets or liabilities,
including pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies and similar techniques.

The Companys cash equivalents
are carried at fair value in Level 1, determined according to the fair value hierarchy described above (refer to Note 3, Fair Value
Measurements). The carrying values of the Companys prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable and accrued
expenses approximate their fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The Companys Convertible Notes (refer
to Note 8, Convertible Notes) are carried at fair value, determined according to level 3 inputs in the fair value hierarchy described
above. Refer to Note 3, Fair Value Measurements for further information around the fair value of the Convertible Notes.

Property and Equipment

The Company records
property and equipment at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization expense is recognized using
the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of each asset, as follows:

Estimated Useful Life

Computer
equipment 3 years

Office equipment 5 years

Leasehold
improvements Shorter of remaining lease term
or estimated useful life

Estimated useful lives
are periodically assessed to determine if changes are appropriate. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method
over the lesser of the lease term or its estimated useful life. Lease terms are based upon the initial lease agreement and do not consider
potential renewals or extensions until such time that the renewals or extensions are contracted. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs
that do not improve or extend the life of the respective assets are expensed as incurred. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed
of, the cost of these assets and related accumulated depreciation or amortization are eliminated from the balance sheets and any resulting
gains or losses are included in the statements of operations in the period of disposal.

Depreciation and amortization
expense related to property and equipment, net was less than $0.1 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.

F-10

Intangible Assets

Intangible assets consist
of licenses for exclusive use of patent rights owned by a third party, which are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated
periods of benefit, generally the remaining life of the underlying licensed patents.

The Company reviews
intangible assets for impairment whenever conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable, such as an economic
downturn in the market or a change in the assessment of future operations. No impairment was recorded for the years ended December 31,
2024 and 2023.

Refer to Note 15, Licensing Agreements,
for further detail on the Companys licenses.

Impairment of Long-lived Assets

The Company evaluates
its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may
not be recoverable. Factors that the Company considers in deciding when to perform an impairment review include significant underperformance
of the business in relation to expectations, significant negative industry or economic trends and significant changes or planned changes
in the use of the assets. If an impairment review is performed to evaluate a long-lived asset group for recoverability, the Company compares
forecasts of undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the long-lived asset group to its carrying
value. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of an asset
group are less than its carrying amount. The impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying value of the impaired asset
group over its fair value. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not record any impairment losses on long-lived
assets.

Operating Leases

The Company determines
whether an arrangement is or contains a lease, as defined by Accounting Standards Update, or ASU, 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842),
or ASC 842, at contract inception by evaluating whether the arrangement conveys the right to use an identified asset and whether the Company
obtains substantially all of the economic benefits from and has the ability to direct the use of the asset. If an arrangement is determined
to be or contain a lease, the lease is assessed for classification as either an operating or finance lease at the lease commencement date,
defined as the date on which the leased asset is made available for use by the Company, based on the economic characteristics of the lease.

ASC 842 includes certain
practical expedients that can be elected for new leases that are executed after the adoption of the new requirements. The Company elected
the practical expedient to not separate lease and non-lease components. The Company also elected to apply the short-term lease recognition
exemption which eliminates the requirement to present on the balance sheets leases with a term of 12 months or less. These two practical
expedients were elected for all classes of underlying assets.

At the lease commencement
date, the Company recognizes a lease liability and a right-of-use, or ROU, asset representing its right to use the underlying asset over
the lease term. The initial measurement of the lease liability is calculated as the present value of the future lease payments in the
contract and the ROU asset is measured as the lease liability plus initial direct costs and prepaid lease payments, less lease incentives
granted by the lessor. The subsequent measurement of a lease is dependent on whether the lease is classified as an operating lease or
a finance lease. Operating lease cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term in the statements of operations and comprehensive
loss.

The Companys
lease requires other payments such as costs related to taxes, insurance, maintenance, and other expenses. These costs are generally variable
in nature and based on the actual costs incurred and required by the lease. As the Company has elected to not separate lease and non-lease
components for all classes of underlying asset, all variable costs associated with the lease are expensed in the period incurred and presented
and disclosed as variable lease costs. The Companys lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material
restrictive financial covenants.

F-11

ASC 842 requires that
a lessee use the rate implicit in the lease when measuring the lease liability and ROU asset. If the rate implicit in the lease is not
readily determinable, the Company is permitted to use its incremental borrowing rate, which is defined as the rate of interest that the
Company would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic
environment. Since the rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate when measuring
its leases. The incremental borrowing rate is calculated by considering the Companys credit standing, the lease term and other
quantitative and qualitative factors.

Most leases include
options to renew and, or, terminate the lease, which can impact the lease term. The exercise of these options is at the Companys
discretion. Periods covered by an option to extend a lease are not included in the lease term as the Company is not reasonably certain
it will exercise this option. Additionally, periods covered by an option to terminate the lease are included in the lease term as it is
reasonably certain that the Company will not exercise this option.

Classification of Redeemable Convertible
Preferred Stock

The holders of Series A
and Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock, or the Preferred Stock, have certain liquidation rights in the event of a liquidation
event or a deemed liquidation event that, in certain situations, are not solely within the control of the Company and would call for the
redemption of the then outstanding Preferred Stock (see Note 9 Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, for further detail). Therefore,
the Preferred Stock is classified as temporary equity on the accompanying balance sheets.

Convertible Notes

The Company performed
an analysis of all of the terms and features of the Convertible Notes (as defined in Note 8, Convertible Notes) and has elected
the fair value option to account for the Convertible Notes to simplify the accounting for the identified embedded derivatives, such
as automatic conversion upon the closing of a qualified financing event, initial public offering (IPO), or reverse merger, which would
require bifurcation and separate accounting. Among meeting other applicable criteria for electing the fair value option, the Company concluded
that it was appropriate to apply the fair value option to the Convertible Notes because they are liabilities that are not classified as
a component of stockholders deficit. As a result of applying the fair value option, debt issuance costs incurred related to the
Convertible Notes were expensed as incurred and not deferred.

The Convertible Notes will
be remeasured at fair value at each balance sheet date until repayment or conversion. Changes to the fair value of the Convertible Notes will
be recorded in other income (expense), net in the Companys statement of operations. The Company has also elected the option of
combining interest expense and the change in fair value as a single line item within the Companys statement of operations. Refer
to Note 3, Fair Value Measurements, for further detail regarding the valuation of the Convertible Notes.

Segment Information

Operating segments
are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate discrete information is available for evaluation by the chief operating
decision maker, or CODM, in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Companys CODM, its Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, view the Companys operations as a single operating segment, which is the business of discovering
and developing novel orally bioavailable, small molecule therapies across a broad range of diseases driven by STAT3 with high unmet need.

All of the Companys long-lived assets
are held in the United States.

Refer to Note 17, Segment Reporting,
for additional disclosures related to segment information.

Research and Development Expenses

Research and development
expenses are expensed as incurred. Research and development expenses include wages, associated employee benefits, and stock-based compensation
expense of employees engaged in research, amortization of licensed intangible assets, external costs of third-party vendors that conduct
research and development and manufacturing activities on behalf of the Company, and other operational costs related to the Companys
research and development activities.

F-12

Prepaid and Accrued Research and Development
Expenses

The
Company recognizes research and development expense and records accruals for estimated costs of research and development activities conducted
by third-party service providers, which include CROs that conduct research, preclinical studies and clinical trials on the Companys
behalf, including in connection with the Companys research and development arrangement, and CDMOs that manufacture the Companys
product candidate for use in preclinical studies and clinical trials. The majority of the Companys service providers invoice in
arrears for services performed, on a pre-determined schedule or when contractual milestones are met; however, some require advanced payments.
The Company makes estimates of the accrued expenses and includes these costs in accrued liabilities in the balance sheets and within research
and development expense in the statements of operations based on facts and circumstances known to the Company at that time. These costs
are a significant component of the Companys research and development expenses.

The Company accrues
for these costs based on factors such as estimates of the amount of work completed through discussions with internal personnel and external
service providers as to the progress or stage of completion of the services and in accordance with agreements established with its third-party
service providers for such services. The Company makes significant judgments and estimates in determining the accrued research and development
liabilities balance at each reporting period. As actual costs become known, the Company adjusts its accrued estimates. To date, there
have been no material adjustments to the Companys estimates of accrued research and development expenses. The Company records advance
payments to service providers as prepaid expenses and other current assets, which are expensed as the contracted services are performed.
If the actual timing of the performance of services varies from the estimate, or the Company receives any change orders from its third-party
providers, then the Company adjusts the amount of the accrued expense or the prepaid expense accordingly.

General and Administrative Expenses

General and administrative
expenses consist primarily of salaries and benefits, including stock- based compensation expense, for employees in operating and finance
functions and directors, as applicable; professional fees for legal, accounting, auditing, tax and consulting services; travel expenses;
and facility-related expenses, which include expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities and other operating costs. The Company expenses
all general and administrative expenses as incurred.

Patent Costs

All patent-related
costs incurred in connection with filing and prosecuting patent applications are expensed as incurred due to the uncertainty about the
recoverability of the expenditure. Amounts incurred are classified as general and administrative expenses in the Companys statements
of operations.

Stock-based Compensation

The Company measures
all stock-based awards granted to employees, officers, directors, consultants, and advisors based on the fair value on the date of the
grant, and recognizes the resulting fair value over the requisite service period. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model
to estimate the fair value of stock options granted. The Company has elected to recognize stock- based compensation expense for service-based
stock options with graded vesting on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period. The
Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur. The Company classifies stock-based compensation expense in its statements of operations
in the same manner in which the award recipients payroll costs are classified or in which the award recipients service payments
are classified.

The Company measures
stock-based compensation costs for employees and non-employees at the grant date based on the estimated fair value of the award, which
is reviewed periodically, and recognizes compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period which approximates the
requisite service period. Compensation expense is recognized with an offsetting credit to additional paid-in capital.

F-13

Net Loss Per Share

The Company calculated
basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders in conformity with the two-class method required for companies
with participating securities. The Companys redeemable convertible preferred stock is considered participating as the holders are
entitled to receive dividends in preference and priority to the holders of common stock. The two-class method determines net loss per
share for each class of common and participating securities according to dividends declared or accumulated and participation rights in
undistributed earnings. The two-class method requires income available to common stockholders for the period to be allocated between common
and participating securities based upon their respective rights to receive dividends as if all income for the period has been distributed.
There is no allocation required under the two-class method during periods of loss since the participating securities do not have a contractual
obligation to share in the losses of the Company.

Under the two class
method, basic net loss per share attributable to common stockholders is computed by dividing net loss attributed to common stockholders
by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed by: (i) adjusting
net loss attributable to common stockholders to reallocate undistributed earnings based on the potential impact of dilutive securities
and (ii) dividing the diluted net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock
outstanding for the period, including potential dilutive shares of common stock. For purposes of this calculation, the Convertible Notes,
redeemable convertible preferred stock and stock options to purchase common stock are considered potential dilutive shares of common stock.
The potentially dilutive shares of common stock outstanding during the period are calculated using the (i) if-converted method for
the Convertible Notes and redeemable convertible preferred stock and (ii) treasury stock method for the options to purchase common
stock, except where the effect of including these securities would be anti-dilutive.

The Company has generated
a net loss in all periods presented, and therefore the basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders are the
same as the inclusion of the potentially dilutive securities would be anti-dilutive.

Income Taxes

The Company provides
for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on
differences between financial reporting and tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates and
laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon
future earnings, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities
is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company assesses the likelihood that its deferred tax assets
will be recovered from future taxable income and, to the extent it believes, based upon the weight of available evidence, that it is more
likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized, a valuation allowance is established through a
charge to income tax expense. Potential for recovery of deferred tax assets is evaluated by estimating the future taxable profits expected
and considering prudent and feasible tax planning strategies.

The Company utilizes
a two-step approach to recognize and measure uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by
determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon tax
authority examination, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax
benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

In November 2023,
the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, or ASU 2023-07. ASU
2023-07 expands public entities segment disclosures by requiring disclosure of significant segment expenses that are regularly
provided to the chief operating decision maker and included within each reported measure of segment profit or loss, an amount and description
of its composition for other segment items, and interim disclosures of a reportable segments profit or loss and assets. All disclosure
requirements under ASU 2023-07 are also required for public entities with a single reportable segment. The Company adopted the guidance
in the fiscal year beginning January 1, 2024. There was no impact on the Companys reportable segments identified and additional
required disclosures have been included in Note 17, Segment Reporting.

F-14

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
Not Yet Adopted

In December 2023, the FASB issued
ASU 2023-09, Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, or ASU 2023-09. ASU 2023-09 requires public business entities to disclose
additional information in specified categories with respect to the reconciliation of the effective tax rate to the statutory rate (the
rate reconciliation) for federal, state, and foreign income taxes. It also requires greater detail about individual reconciling items
in the rate reconciliation to the extent the impact of those items exceeds a specified threshold (if the effect of those reconciling
items is equal to or greater than 5% of the amount computed by multiplying pretax income or loss by the applicable statutory income tax
rate). In addition to new disclosures associated with the rate reconciliation, ASU 2023-09 requires information pertaining to taxes paid
(net of refunds received) to be disaggregated for federal, state, and foreign taxes and further disaggregated for specific jurisdictions
to the extent the related amounts exceed a quantitative threshold. The amendments are effective for public business entities for annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2024. For entities other than public business entities, the amendments are effective for annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2025. Early adoption is permitted. As of December 31, 2024, the Company has not yet adopted
this new ASU however the Company expects no impact to its operations, cash flows, financial condition, or any related disclosures, upon
adoption.

In November 2024,
the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement Reporting Comprehensive Income Expense
Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses. The amendments in ASU 2024-03 address investor
requests for more detailed expense information and require additional disaggregated disclosures in the notes to financial statements for
certain categories of expenses that are included in the statement of operations. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption
permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of this guidance and the potential impact on its financial statements and
disclosures.

3. Fair Value Measurements

The following tables
present information about the Companys financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and indicate
the level of the fair value hierarchy used to determine such fair values (in thousands):

Fair Value Measurements as of 

December 31, 2024 

Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total 

Financial assets: 

Cash equivalents: 

Money market funds $ 31,303 $ - $ - $ 31,303 

Total financial assets $ 31,303 $ - $ - $ 31,303 

Financial liabilities: 

Convertible Notes $ - $ - $ 30,259 $ 30,259 

Total financial liabilities $ - $ - $ 30,259 $ 30,259 

Fair Value Measurements as of 

December 31, 2023 

Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total 

Financial assets: 

Cash equivalents: 

Money market funds $ 21,762 $ - $ - $ 21,762 

Total financial assets $ 21,762 $ - $ - $ 21,762 

The Company did not
have any Level 3 assets or liabilities as of December 31, 2023. There were no transfers between Levels during the periods presented.

F-15

The following table
presents the changes in the fair value of the Level 3 Convertible Notes (in thousands):

Amounts 

Balance as of December 31, 2023 $ - 

Convertible Notes issuance 28,298 

Accrued interest as of December 31, 2024 154 

Change in fair value of the Convertible Notes 1,807 

Balance as of December 31, 2024 $ 30,259 

Valuation of Convertible Notes

In December 2024,
the Company issued and sold Convertible Notes (as defined in Note 8, Convertible Notes) in an aggregate principal amount of $28.3
million. The fair value of the Convertible Notes at issuance and as of December 31, 2024 was estimated based on significant inputs
not observable in the market, which represent Level 3 measurements within the fair value hierarchy. The Convertible Notes were
valued using a scenario-based valuation analysis requiring a probability of inputs including the probability of occurrence of events that
would trigger conversion of the Convertible Notes and the expected timing of such events.

The following table
presents the assumptions, estimates, and contractual features incorporated into the valuation of the Convertible Notes as of December 31,
2024:

Inputs 

Time to Qualified/non-Qualified financing (in years) 0.25 

Time to IPO (in years) 0.25 

Time to reverse merger (in years) 0.33 

Time to dissolution (in years) n/a 

Interest rate (risk-free) 4.37 %

Conversion discount rate 20.00 %

In addition to the
inputs in the table, the Companys assumptions and estimates incorporated into the valuation included probabilities assigned to
each of the scenarios above, including a Qualified/non-Qualified financing (as defined in Note 8, Convertible Notes), IPO,
reverse merger, and dissolution. Refer to Note 8, Convertible Notes, for further details surrounding the Qualified/non-Qualified
Financing, IPO, reverse merger, and other settlement scenarios.

4. Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets

Prepaid expenses and
other current assets consisted of the following as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands):

As of December 31, 

2024 2023 

Prepaid research and development expenses $ 18 $ 3,203 

Other prepaid expenses 54 36 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets $ 72 $ 3,239 

5. Intangible Assets

Intangible assets consisted of
the following as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands):

As of December 31, 

2024 2023 

Licensed patent rights $ 826 $ 826 

Less: accumulated amortization (441 ) (378 )

Total intangible assets, net $ 385 $ 448 

F-16

As of December 31, 2024, the expected remaining
amortization expense is as follows (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31, Amount 

2025 63 

2026 63 

2027 63 

2028 63 

2029 63 

Thereafter 70 

Total $ 385 

The Company recognized
less than $0.1 million for amortization expense for each of the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. Amortization expense is included
in research and development expense in the statements of operations.

6. Accrued Expenses

Accrued
expenses consisted of the following as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands):

As of December 31, 

2024 2023 

Accrued research and development expenses $ 5,172 $ 518 

Accrued employee compensation and benefits 1,142 942 

Accrued professional fees 1,756 108 

Other accrued expenses 8 9 

Total accrued expenses $ 8,078 $ 1,577 

7. Leases

The
Company has one operating lease pertaining to 5,969 square feet of corporate office space in Sugar Land, Texas pursuant to a lease agreement
that commenced April 1, 2022. As of December 31, 2024 the remaining term of lease was 2.58 years. The lease requires monthly
lease payments that are subject to annual increases throughout the lease term.

The
components of lease costs, which are included within general and administrative expenses in the Companys statements of operations
were as follows (in thousands):

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 

Lease costs: 

Operating lease cost $ 96 $ 90 

Variable lease cost 80 83 

Total lease costs $ 176 173 

Supplemental disclosure of cash
flow information related to the lease were as follows (in thousands):

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 

Operating cash flows from operating leases $ 197 $ 194 

F-17

The weighted-average discount rate and remaining
lease term were as follows:

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 

Weighted-average discount rate 9.50 % 9.50 %

Weighted-average remaining lease term 2.58 3.67 

As of December 31,
2024, the maturities of the Companys operating lease liabilities were as follows (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31, Amount 

2025 $ 126 

2026 129 

2027 88 

Total lease payments 343 

Less: imputed interest (39 )

Present value of lease liabilities 304 

Less: operating lease liabilities, current portion $ 103 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion $ 201 

8. Convertible Notes

In December 2024,
Tvardi entered into a note purchase agreement to issue and sell convertible notes (the Convertible Notes) in an aggregate principal amount
of $28.3 million. The Convertible Notes accrue interest at 8% per annum and mature on December 31, 2026 (the Maturity Date). As of
December 31, 2024, the Company has recorded $0.2 million in accrued interest.

Pursuant to the terms
of the note purchase agreement, the Convertible Notes may be converted into shares of common stock or other equity securities upon (i) a
Qualified Financing or non-Qualified Financing (both as defined below), (ii) an IPO, or (iii) a reverse merger, as further discussed
below.

Conversion upon a Qualified Financing

In the event that the
Company issues and sells shares of its equity securities to investors while the Convertible Notes remain outstanding in an equity financing
with total proceeds of at least $15.0 million (a Qualified Financing), then the outstanding principal amount of the Convertible Notes
and any unpaid accrued interest shall automatically convert into equity securities sold in the Qualified Financing at a conversion price
equal to the lesser of (i) the price paid per share of the equity securities by the investors in the Qualified Financing multiplied
by 0.8 and (ii) the quotient resulting from dividing $252.0 million by the number of outstanding shares of common stock of the Company
immediately prior to the Qualified Financing.

Optional conversion upon a non-Qualified
Financing

In the event that the
Company consummates, while the Convertible Notes remain outstanding, an equity financing pursuant to which it sells shares of the Companys
preferred stock in a transaction that does not constitute a Qualified Financing, the noteholders holding a majority of the outstanding
principal amount of the Convertible Notes shall have the option to treat such equity financing as a Qualified Financing and thereby cause
the Convertible Notes to convert into equity securities pursuant to the terms of the Qualified Financing.

Conversion upon on IPO

In the event that the
Company consummates, while the Convertible Notes remain outstanding, an underwritten IPO, then the outstanding principal amount of the
Convertible Notes and any unpaid accrued interest shall automatically convert into shares of the Companys common stock at a conversion
price equal to the lesser of (i) 80% of the initial public offering price per share in the IPO and (ii) the price obtained by
dividing $300.0 million by the number of outstanding shares of the Companys common stock immediately prior to the IPO.

F-18

Conversion upon on a reverse merger

In the event that the
Company consummates, while the Convertible Notes remain outstanding, a reverse merger transaction with a public traded company, the primary
purposes of which transaction or series of related transactions is the public listing of the Company and pursuant to which the stockholders
of the Company prior to such transactions shall beneficially own greater than 50% of the surviving entity or the parent entity, then the
outstanding principal amount of the Convertible Notes and any unpaid accrued interest shall automatically convert into common stock of
such publicly traded company upon the closing of such reverse merger at a conversion price equal to the lesser of (i) the price obtained
by dividing $300.0 million by the number of outstanding shares of common stock of the Company immediately prior to the consummation of
the reverse merger or (ii) 80% of the implied valuation of the combined company common stock in the Merger.

Payout upon a change of control

In the event that the
Company consummates a change of control (as defined within the note purchase agreement to be events other than a reverse merger) while
the Convertible Notes remain outstanding, the Company shall repay the note holders in cash an amount equal to (i) the outstanding
principal amount of the Convertible Notes plus any unpaid accrued interest on the original principal, plus (ii) a repayment premium
equal to 100% of the outstanding principal amount of the Convertible Notes.

Maturity date conversion

In the event the Convertible
Notes remain outstanding on or following the Maturity Date, the noteholders shall have the option to elect to have the outstanding principal
balance of the Convertible Notes and any unpaid accrued interest thereon convert into shares of the Companys Series B Preferred
Stock at a conversion price per share equal to $3.8095.

The Convertible Notes
were recorded at fair value of $28.3 million upon issuance and were remeasured to the fair value of $30.1 million as of December 31,
2024. The change in the fair value of the Convertible Notes of $1.8 million was recorded within other income (expense), net on the Companys
statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2024. There was approximately $0.1 million of debt issuance costs incurred
in connection with the Convertible Notes. This amount was recognized within other income (expense), net in the Companys statement
of operations during the year ended December 31, 2024.

The future minimum
principal payments under the Convertible Notes, if not otherwise converted pursuant to the terms above, as of December 31, 2024 are
as follows:

Years ended December 31, Principal Payments 

2025 $ - 

2026 28,298 

Thereafter - 

Total $ 28,298 

9.Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock

The Company has issued
Series A preferred stock and Series B preferred stock, which are collectively referred to as the Preferred Stock. As of December 31,
2024 and 2023, the Company authorized the issuance of 29,723,540 shares of Preferred Stock, par value of $0.001 per share, of which 9,499,999
have been designated Series A preferred stock and 20,223,541 have been designated Series B preferred stock.

Series A Preferred Stock

During 2018, the Company
entered into the Series A preferred stock purchase agreements for 8,550,340 shares of Series A preferred stock with par value
of $0.001 each at a price $1.00 per share, or the Series A Original Issue Price, with a group of investors for net proceeds of $8.4
million, or the Series A Financing. In addition, in connection with the closing of the Series A Financing, then outstanding
convertible promissory notes of $0.4 million were converted into 449,659 shares of Series A preferred stock at the Series A
Original Issue Price paid by the Series A Financing investors.

F-19

Series B Preferred Stock

In June 2021,
the Company entered into the Series B preferred stock purchase agreements for 17,452,411 shares of Series B preferred stock
with par value of $0.001 each at a price $3.8095 per share, or the Series B Original Issue Price, with a group of investors for net
proceeds of $66.3 million, or the Series B Financing. In addition, in connection with the closing of the Series B Financing,
(i) then outstanding convertible promissory notes of $7.9 million were converted into 2,603,128 shares of Series B preferred
stock at 80% of the Series B Original Issue Price paid by the Series B Financing investors and (ii) a then outstanding
translational research grant of $0.5 million was converted into 500,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock at a conversion price
of $1.00 per share pursuant to the terms of grant agreement, dated as of March 2018.

The following tables
summarize the Companys redeemable convertible preferred stock as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands except share
and per share amounts):

Par Value Preferred Stock

Authorized Preferred Stock

Issued and

Outstanding Carrying 

Value Liquidation

Preference Common Stock

Issuable Upon

Conversion 

Series A preferred stock $ 0.001 9,499,999 9,499,999 $ 9,327 $ 9,500 9,499,999 

Series B preferred stock 0.001 20,223,541 20,055,539 76,176 76,402 20,055,539 

29,723,540 29,555,538 $ 85,503 $ 85,902 29,555,538 

The key terms of Preferred
Stock are as follows:

Dividends

The Company shall not
declare, pay or set aside any dividends on shares or any other class or series of capital stock (other than dividends on shares of the
Companys common stock payable in shares of common stock) unless first the holders of Series B preferred stock shall first
receive, or simultaneously receive, a dividend on each outstanding preferred stock, and second, the holders of the Series A preferred
stock shall next receive, or simultaneously receive a dividend on each outstanding preferred stock. If the Company declares, pays or sets
aside, on the same date, a dividend on shares of more than one class or series of capital stock of the Company, the dividend payable to
the holders of Preferred Stock shall be calculated based upon the dividend on the class or series of capital stock that would result in
the highest dividend. There have been no dividends declared by the Companys board of directors, or the Board, as of December 31,
2024 and 2023.

Voting Rights

The holder of each
share of Series A and Series B preferred stock shall have the right to one vote for each share of common stock into which such
Series A and Series B preferred stock could then be converted.

Right to Elect Directors

Holders of Series A
preferred stock are entitled to elect two directors of the Company. The holders of Series B preferred stock are entitled to elect
one director of the Company. The holders of the Companys common stock are entitled to elect one director of the Company. The holders
of Preferred Stock and Common Stock (voting together as a single class and not as separate series and on as- converted basis) shall be
entitled to elect any remaining director of the Company.

Conversion

Each share of Preferred
Stock is convertible at the option of the holder, at any time, and without the payment of additional consideration by the holder. In addition,
each share of Preferred Stock will be automatically converted into shares of common stock at the applicable conversion ratio then in effect
upon either (i) the closing of a firm-commitment underwritten public offering of the Companys common stock at a price of at
least $5.7143 per share resulting in at least $50.0 million of gross proceeds to the Company, or (ii) the vote or written consent
of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting as a single class.

The conversion ratio
of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock is determined by dividing the respective original issue price by the applicable conversion
price in effect at the time of conversion. The conversion price is $1.00 and $3.8095 per share for Series A and Series B preferred
stock, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, each outstanding share of Preferred Stock was convertible into the Companys
common stock on a one-for-one basis.

F-20

Liquidation

In the event of liquidation,
dissolution, or winding up of the Company or upon the occurrence of a Deemed Liquidation Event (as defined below), the holders of Series B
preferred stock then outstanding are entitled to distribution of the Companys assets or funds, before the holders of Series A
preferred stock and common stock, in an amount per share equal to the greater of (i) the Series B Original Issue Price ($3.8095
per share), plus any dividends declared but unpaid, or (ii) the amount per share that would have been payable had all shares of Series B
preferred stock been converted to common stock immediately prior to such liquidation, dissolution, winding up or Deemed Liquidation Event.
If the assets of the Company are insufficient to pay holders of the Series B Preferred Stock the full amount to which they are entitled,
they shall be paid ratably in proportion to the respective amounts they would have received had they been paid in full.

In the event of liquidation,
dissolution, or winding up, after the Series B preferred stock holders have been paid in full, the holders of Series A preferred
stock are entitled to distribution of the Companys assets or funds, before the common stock, in amount per share equal to the greater
of (i) the Series A Original Issue Price ($1.00 per share), plus any dividends declared but unpaid, or (ii) the amount
per share that would have been payable had all shares of Series A preferred stock been converted to common stock immediately prior
to such liquidation, dissolution, winding up or Deemed Liquidation Event. If the assets or funds of the Company are insufficient to pay
holders of the Series A preferred stock the full amount to which they are entitled, they shall be paid ratably in proportion to the
respective amounts they would have received had they been paid in full. After payment of all preferential amounts to Series A preferred
stock holders, the remaining assets available for distribution shall be distributed to the holders of common stock pro rata based on the
number of shares held.

Unless the holders
of a majority in voting power of the then outstanding shares of Series B preferred stock elect otherwise, a Deemed Liquidation Event
shall include a merger or consolidation (other than one in which stockholders of the Company own a majority by voting power of the outstanding
shares of the surviving or acquiring corporation) or sale, lease, transfer, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially
all of the Companys assets.

Redemption

The holders of the
Companys Preferred Stock have no voluntary rights to redeem shares. Upon the occurrence of a Deemed Liquidation Event that are
outside of the Companys control, the holders of the Preferred Stock may cause redemption of the Preferred Stock. Accordingly, the
Preferred Stock are considered contingently redeemable and are classified as temporary equity on the accompanying balance sheets.

10. Common Stock

As of December 31,
2024 and 2023, the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorized the issuance of 58,251,629 shares of $0.001
par value common stock. The voting, dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of the Companys common stock are subject to
and qualified by the rights, powers and preferences of the holders of the Preferred Stock set forth above. As of December 31, 2024
and 2023, there were 19,197,914 shares and 19,134,164 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively.

Each share of common
stock entitles the holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the Companys stockholders. Common stockholders are
entitled to receive dividends, as may be declared by the Board, if any, subject to the preferential dividend rights of the Preferred Stock.
When dividends are declared on shares of common stock, the Company must declare at the same time a dividend payable to the holders of
Preferred Stock equivalent to the dividend amount they would receive if each share of Preferred Stock were converted into common stock.
The Company may not pay dividends to common stockholders until all dividends accrued or declared but unpaid on the Preferred Stock have
been paid in full. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, no dividends were declared.

As
of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had reserved 36,014,953 and 36,078,703 shares of common stock, respectively, for the conversion
of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (see Note 9, Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock), the exercise of outstanding stock
options, and the issuance of stock options remaining available for grant under the Companys 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (see Note
11, Stock-based compensation).

F-21

11. Stock-based Compensation

Stock Incentive Plan

In March 2018,
the Company established the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan, or the 2018 Plan, under which the Company may grant incentive stock options, non-statutory
options, stock appreciation rights, awards of restricted stock, restricted stock units and other stock-based awards, collectively referred
to as the Awards. Employees, officers, directors, consultants and advisors are eligible to receive awards under the 2018 Plan; however
incentive stock options may only be granted to employees.

As of December 31,
2024 and 2023, the total number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2018 Plan was 6,657,329 shares. Shares of unused
common stock underlying any Awards that are forfeited, canceled or reacquired by the Company prior to vesting will again be available
for the grant of Awards under the 2018 Plan. Shares underlying any Awards that are forfeited, canceled, or reacquired by the Company prior
to vesting, satisfied without the issuance of stock or otherwise terminated and shares that are withheld upon exercise of an option of
settlement of an award to cover the exercise price or tax withholding shall be added back to the shares available for issuance under the
2018 Plan. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had 1,023,786 shares and 1,013,786 shares, respectively, remaining available
for grant under the 2018 Plan.

The 2018 Plan is administered
by the Board. The Board determines the exercise prices for stock options, which may not be less than 100% of the fair market value of
the Companys common stock on the date of grant, vesting terms, and other restrictions. The Board also determines the fair value
the Companys common stock, taking into consideration its most recently available valuation of common stock performed by third parties
as well as additional factors which may have changed since the date of the most recent contemporaneous valuation through the date of grant.
Stock options granted under the 2018 Plan expire ten years after the grant date, unless the Board sets a shorter term, and typically vest
over four years.

Fair Value Inputs

The fair value of stock option grants
is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Company historically has been a private company and lacks company-specific
historical and implied volatility information. Therefore, it estimates its expected stock volatility based on the historical volatility
of a publicly traded set of peer companies and expects to continue to do so until such time as it has adequate historical data regarding
the volatility of its own traded stock price. The expected option term is calculated based on the simplified method for awards with service-based
conditions, which uses the midpoint between the vesting date and the contractual term, as the Company does not have sufficient historical
data to develop an estimate based on participant behavior. The risk-free interest rate is determined by reference to the U.S. Treasury
yield curve in effect at the time of grant of the award for time periods approximately equal to the expected term of the award. Expected
dividend yield is based on the fact that the Company has never paid cash dividends and does not expect to pay any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future.

The following table
presents, on a weighted-average basis, the assumptions used in the Black- Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of
stock options granted:

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 

Per share fair value of common stock $ 0.62 $ 0.52 

Expected volatility 73.8 % 67.4 %

Expected dividends 0 % 0 %

Expected term (in years) 5.9 6.1 

Risk-free rate 3.93 % 3.56 %

F-22

Stock Options

The following table summarizes
option activity during the year ended December 31, 2024:

Number of

Options Weighted-

Average

Exercise Price Weighted-Average

Remaining Contractual 

Term (In Years) Intrinsic Value

(In Thousands) 

Outstanding as of January 1, 2024 5,509,379 $ 0.43 7.04 $ 2,699 

Granted 25,000 0.92 

Exercised (63,750 ) 0.08 

Forfeited/expired (35,000 ) 0.82 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2024 5,435,629 $ 0.43 6.06 $ 2,914 

Options exercisable as of December 31, 2024 4,582,807 $ 0.38 5.78 $ 2,700 

Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2024 5,435,629 $ 0.43 6.06 $ 2,914 

The aggregate intrinsic
value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying stock options and the estimated fair value of the Companys
common stock for those stock options that had exercise prices lower than the estimated fair value of the Companys common stock.
The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during each of the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 was less than
$0.1 million.

The weighted-average
grant-date fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 was $0.62 and $0.52, respectively.

As of December 31, 2024, there was
$0.3 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period of 1.38 years.

The following table
illustrates the classification of stock-based compensation in the statements of operations (in thousands):

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 

Research and development $ 169 $ 111 

General and administrative 150 203 

Total stock-based compensation $ 319 $ 314 

12. Income Taxes

During the years ended
December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not record a provision for income taxes because it has incurred net operating losses
since inception and maintains a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets. The Companys entire pre-tax loss for
the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 were from U.S. operations and resulted in no tax expense or benefit.

A reconciliation of
the Companys total tax using the statutory income tax rate to the Companys total tax using their effective income tax rate
is as follows (in thousands):

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 

Income tax at U.S. federal statutory rate $ (6,173 ) $ (3,643 )

State taxes, net of federal benefit - - 

Valuation allowance 5,735 3,604 

Other 438 39 

Total income tax $ - $ - 

F-23

The Companys
significant components of deferred tax assets are as follows (in thousands):

As of December 31, 

2024 2023 

Federal net operating loss carryforwards $ 9,903 $ 7,235 

Capitalized research and development expense 8,652 5,665 

Tax credits 417 417 

Other 180 100 

Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 19,152 13,417 

Valuation allowance (19,152 ) (13,417 )

Net deferred tax assets after valuation allowance $ - $ - 

As of December 31, 2024 and 2023,
the Company had a federal net operating loss, or NOL, carryforward of $47.2 million and $34.5 million, respectively. Of the federal net
operating loss carryforwards, $0.4 million expires in 2037 and $46.8 million may be carried forward indefinitely.

As of December 31, 2024, the Company
also has federal tax credits of $0.4 million, which begin to expire in 2039.

The future realization of tax benefits
from existing temporary differences and tax attributes ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient future taxable income within
the carryforward period. In assessing the realization of its deferred tax assets, the Company considered whether it is more likely than
not that some portion or all of its deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company considered projected future taxable income,
scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. As of December 31, 2024, after
consideration of all available evidence, both positive and negative, the Company maintained a full valuation allowance against its net
deferred tax assets because it is more likely than not they will not be realized in the future. The change in the valuation allowance
between the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 was an increase of $5.7 million.

The future realization of the Companys
net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes may also be limited by the change in ownership rules under the U.S. Internal
Revenue Code Section 382. Under Section 382, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change (as defined), the corporations
ability to utilize its net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes to offset income may be limited. The Company has not
completed a study to assess whether an ownership changed has occurred or whether there have been multiple ownership changes.

The Company files income tax returns
in the US federal and Texas. Therefore, the Company is subject to tax examination by various US taxing authorities. The Company is not
currently under examination, and is not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material
deviation from its tax positions. As of December 31, 2024, tax years from 2021 to present remain open to examination by the Companys
relevant taxing jurisdictions. To the extent the Company has tax attribute carryforwards, the tax years in which the attribute was generated
may still be adjusted upon examination by the Internal Revenue Service and state tax authorities to the extent utilized in a future period.

The calculation and assessment of the
Companys income tax exposures generally involve the uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations for US
federal and state jurisdictions. A tax benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when it is more likely than not that the
position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation, on the basis of the technical
merits. As of December 31, 2024, the Company has not recorded any liabilities or interest and penalties related to uncertain tax
positions in its financial statements. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties, if any, related to uncertain tax positions
in tax expense in its financial statements.

F-24

13. Net Loss Per Share

Basis and diluted net
loss per share attributable to common stockholders was calculated as follows (dollar amounts in thousands):

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 

Numerator: 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders $ (29,397 ) $ (17,347 )

Denominator: 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 19,193,932 19,134,096 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted $ (1.53 ) $ (0.91 )

The Companys
potentially dilutive securities, which include stock options to purchase common stock and Preferred Stock, have been excluded from the
computation of diluted net loss per share as the effect would be anti-dilutive. Therefore, the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding used to calculate both basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders is the same.

The following potentially
dilutive securities have been excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share due to their anti-dilutive effect:

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 

Preferred stock (as converted to common stock) 29,555,538 29,555,538 

Stock options to purchase common stock 5,435,629 5,509,379 

The Companys
Convertible Notes are also potentially dilutive securities, with the amount of shares issued upon conversion to be determined based on
the matter in which they are settled. Refer to Note 8, Convertible Notes, for further detail.

14. Commitment and Contingencies

Legal Matters

The Company is subject
to contingent liabilities, such as legal proceedings and claims, that arise in the ordinary course of business activities. The Company
accrues for loss contingencies when losses become probable and are reasonably estimable. If the reasonable estimate of the loss is a range
and no amount within the range is a better estimate, the minimum amount of the range is recorded as a liability on the balance sheets.
The Company does not accrue for contingent losses that, in its judgment, are considered to be reasonably possible, but not probable; however,
it discloses the range of reasonably possible losses. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company was not a party to any material
legal proceedings or claims and no liabilities were recorded for loss contingencies.

Contracts

The Company enters
into contracts in the normal course of business with various third parties for preclinical research studies, clinical trials, testing,
manufacturing, and other services. These contracts generally provide for termination upon notice and are cancellable without significant
penalty or payment, and do not contain any minimum purchase commitments.

Guarantees and Indemnifications

In the ordinary course
of business, the Company may provide indemnification of varying scope and terms to vendors, lessors, business partners and other parties
with respect to certain matters including, but not limited to, losses arising out of breach of such agreements or from intellectual property
infringement claims made by third parties. In addition, the Company has entered into indemnification agreements with all members of the
Board that will require the Company, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their
status or service as directors. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these indemnification
agreements is, in many cases, unlimited. To date, the Company has not incurred any material costs as a result of such indemnifications.
The Company is not aware of any claims under indemnification arrangements that could have a material effect on its financial position,
results of operations or cash flows, and it has not accrued any liabilities related to such obligations in its financial statements as
of December 31, 2024 and 2023.

F-25

Other Commitments

In addition to our
obligation to make potential royalty payments under the BCM First Agreement and BCM Second Agreement (both as discussed and defined in
Note 15, License agreements), the Company is also obligated to pay royalties to each of its founders in an amount equal to 1% each
on the worldwide net sales of TTI-101 and any derivative formulations, or any Royalty Bearing Products. These royalty obligations last,
on a country-by-country basis, for the later of (i) the date on which the sale of any Royalty Bearing Products are no longer covered
by a Covered Patent (as defined below) in such country, or (ii) 15 years after the first commercial sale of royalty bearing product
in such country. The timing of when these royalty payments will actually be made is uncertain as the payments are contingent upon future
activities, including the successful development, regulatory approval and commercialization of any Royalty Bearing Products. A Covered
Patent means, subject to certain customary exceptions, an issued patent that is owned by the Company or an affiliate, or for which all
rights to develop and commercialize pharmaceutical products for the treatment of any human disorder, are exclusively licensed to us or
an affiliate by the owner of such patent, with the Companys right or its affiliates right to grant sublicenses.

15.License Agreements

In July 2012,
Stem Med Limited Partnership, or StemMed, entered into a license agreement, or the BCM First Agreement, with Baylor College of Medicine,
or BCM, for the exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable license to certain patents and patent applications related to STAT3 inhibitors in
oncology and certain non-oncology indications, or the BCM Patent Rights, which are referred to together with certain cell lines, biological
materials, compounds, know-how and technologies as the BCM Technology, in all fields of use. Under the license for the BCM First Agreement,
the Company is permitted to make, have made, use, market, sell offer to sell, lease and import products, processes or services that incorporate,
utilize, or are made with the use of the BCM Patent Rights or BCM Technology, which is referred to together as the BCM1 Licensed Products,
in all fields of use.

In June 2015,
StemMed entered into a second license agreement with BCM, or the BCM Second Agreement, which is referred to together with the BCM First
Agreement as the BCM License Agreements, for the exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable license to certain patents and patent applications
co-owned by BCM and the National Institutes of Health, or NIH, related to methods and compositions for the use of STAT3 inhibitors in
certain conditions like anaphylaxis, or the Licensed Patent Rights. Under the license for the Second BCM Agreement, the Company is permitted
to make, have made, use, market, sell, offer to sell, lease and import products, processes or services that incorporate, utilize or are
made with the use of the Licensed Patent Rights, or the BCM2 Licensed Products, in all fields of use.

StemMed assigned the
BCM First Agreement and the BCM Second Agreement to the Company in connection with the transfer of all or substantially all of the assets
and businesses to which the BCM License Agreements relate to in January and February 2018.

In accordance with
BCM License Agreements, and in consideration for the rights and licenses granted to the Company, the Company agreed to pay BCM the following:

a. Annual maintenance fees, ranging from $30,000 to $50,000 per year, per license.

b. Milestone payments, up to a low-seven digit figure in the aggregate.

c. Royalty fees, set at low-single-digit of net sales of any BSM1 Licensed Products or BSM2 Licensed Products.

Milestones include
new drug filings, clinical trial stages, and New Drug Application approval by the FDA.

The Company recorded
$50,000 of annual maintenance fees during each of the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. The Company also incurred $125,000
in milestone payments in each of the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 in relation to the initiation of two Phase 2 clinical
trials. To date, no royalty fees have been incurred. All related license costs are expensed as incurred within research and development
on the statements of operations.

F-26

16.Retirement Savings Plan

The Company maintains
a 401(k) Plan which is available to all employees. Under the terms of the 401(k) Plan, participants may elect to contribute
up to 80% of their compensation or the statutory prescribed limits. The Company does not make any matching contributions to deferrals
made by participants.

17.Segment Reporting

The Company has one
reportable segment relating to the discovery and development of novel orally bioavailable, small molecule therapies across a broad range
of diseases driven by STAT3 with high unmet need.

The Companys
CODM, its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, manages the Companys operations on company-wide level for the purposes
of allocating resources. The key measure of segment profit or loss that the CODM uses to allocate resources and assess financial performance
is the Companys net loss, which is utilized to evaluate the progress of its research and development programs and other expense
categories. The CODM makes decisions using this information on a company-wide basis.

The table below shows
a reconciliation of the Companys net loss, including the significant expense categories regularly provided to and reviewed by the
CODM, as computed under GAAP, to the Companys net loss in the statements of operations (in thousands):

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 

Direct research and development expenses by program: 

TTI-101: 

HCC $ 8,583 $ 2,127 

IPF 6,703 3,210 

mBC 2,182 646 

Pre-clinical, CMC, and other (unallocated) (1) 969 4,373 

TTI-109 1,193 1,466 

Unallocated research and development expense: 

Personnel costs 2,988 2,900 

Consultant fees and other costs (2) 1,032 1,144 

General and administrative expense: 

Personnel costs 2,085 1,882 

Other general and administrative expenses (3) 2,372 917 

Interest income (747 ) (1,318 )

Other (income) expense, net 2,037 - 

Net loss $ (29,397 ) $ (17,347 )

(1) Pre-clinical, CMC, and other (unallocated) costs includes pre-clinical testing, CMC, and other direct research and development expenses
that are not allocated to a specific program.

(2) Consultant fees and other costs includes expenses incurred for research and development consultants as well as payroll costs for employees
within the research and development function.

(3) Other general and administrative expenses include professional fees, accounting services, rent, and other overhead and administrative
expenses.

Assets provided to the CODM are consistent
with those reported on the balance sheets.

18.Related-party Transactions

During the years ended
December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not have any transactions with related parties. The Company evaluates transactions with
counterparties who may be considered related parties, including owners, members of management or affiliates and then discloses the nature
and amounts of those transaction in the notes to its financial statements.

F-27

19.Subsequent Events

Management
has evaluated all subsequent events through April 1, 2025, which was the date the financial statements
were available to be issued. The Company has determined that there are no subsequent events to be reported other than those listed below.

On February 14, 2025, Caras
Form S-4/A as filed regarding its proposed merger with Tvardi, was deemed effective by the SEC. Refer to Note 1, Nature of the Business
and Basis of Presentation, for further detail on the proposed merger.

On April 1, 2025, Cara held its Special Meeting of Stockholders, at which Cara stockholders approved all six proposals related to its
proposed merger with Tvardi.

F-28
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2510381d1_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

TVARDI MANAGEMENTS
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

You should read
the following discussion of Tvardis financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with Tvardis financial
statements and the related notes filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Report). In addition to
historical financial information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks
and uncertainties. Tvardis actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as
a result of various factors. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed
below and elsewhere in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283900) which was declared effective by the Securities
and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2025 (the proxy statement/prospectus), particularly in the sections titled Risk Factors
and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.

Overview

Tvardi is a clinical-stage
biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of novel, oral, small molecule therapies targeting STAT3 to treat fibrosis-driven
diseases with significant unmet need. Based upon Tvardis founders seminal work and deep understanding of the transcription
factor, STAT3, Tvardi designed an innovative approach to directly inhibit STAT3, a highly validated, yet historically undruggable target.
Leveraging this expertise, Tvardi is developing a pipeline of STAT3 inhibitors with a differentiated mechanism of action and convenient
oral dosing. Tvardis lead product candidate, TTI-101, is currently in Phase 2 clinical development for the treatment of fibrosis-driven
diseases, with an initial focus on idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Tvardi expects to report unblinded
data from its Phase 2 IPF clinical trial in the second half of 2025 and anticipate preliminary topline data from its HCC Phase 1b/2 HCC
clinical trial in the second half of 2025. Tvardis second product candidate, TTI-109, is also an oral, small molecule STAT3 inhibitor
that is structurally related to, yet chemically distinct from, TTI-101 and is designed to enhance Tvardis ability to target STAT3.
Tvardi expects to submit an IND application for TTI-109 in the first half of 2025.

Since
commencing operations in 2017, Tvardi has devoted substantially all of its efforts and financial resources to developing its product
candidates, organizing and staffing its company, business planning, raising capital, establishing its intellectual property portfolio
and performing research and development of its product candidates, signaling and biology, medicinal chemistry and clinical insights to
discover and develop novel therapies for the treatment of fibrosis-driven diseases. Through the date of this filing, Tvardi has
historically financed its operations principally through the issuance and sale of its preferred stock and convertible debt. As of December 31,
2024, it has received $28.3 million from the sale and issuance of its Convertible Notes (as defined below) in December 2024 and
$83.4 million from the issuance and sale of its Preferred Stock and historical convertible debt, which was converted into Preferred Stock,
in 2018 and 2021. As of December 31, 2024, Tvardi had $31.6 million in cash and cash equivalents. Management has determined that,
without addition financing from its recently announced reverse merger transaction with Cara Therapeutics, Inc. (Cara) or another
financing transaction, Tvardis cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2024 will not be sufficient to fund its planned
operations for the twelve months from the date its financial statements, filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Report, are issued,
which raises substantial doubt as to Tvardis ability to continue as a going concern. Tvardi has based this estimate on assumptions
that may prove to be wrong, and it could exhaust its capital resources sooner than it expects. See the subsection titled 
Liquidity and Capital Resources below for further discussion. Even if this Merger (as defined below) is successful, Tvardi
will require additional funding in order to finance operations and complete its ongoing and planned clinical trials. Access to such funding
on acceptable terms cannot be assured.

Tvardi has incurred
net losses since inception. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, its accumulated deficit was $92.2 million and $62.8 million, respectively.
For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, Tvardi reported net losses of $29.4 million and $17.3 million, respectively. Tvardis
net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, depending on the timing of its clinical development
activities and other research and development activities. Tvardi expects that its expense and capital requirements will increase substantially
in connection with its ongoing activities and for the foreseeable future, particularly if Tvardi, among other things:

advances
TTI-101, TTI-109 and its other product candidates through clinical development and, if successful,
later-stage clinical trials;

1

discovers
and develops additional product candidates;

advances
its preclinical development programs into clinical development;

experiences
delays or interruptions to preclinical studies, clinical trials, receipt of services from
its third-party service providers on whom it relies, or its supply chain;

seeks
and maintains regulatory approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete
clinical trials;

commercializes
TTI-101, TTI-109, its other product candidates and any future product candidates, if approved;

hires
additional clinical development, quality control, scientific and management personnel;

expands
its operational, financial and management systems and increase personnel, including personnel
to support its clinical development and manufacturing efforts and operations as a public
company;

establishes
a sales, marketing, medical affairs and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any
products for which Tvardi may obtain marketing approval and intend to commercialize on its
own or jointly with third parties;

maintains,
expands and protects its intellectual property portfolio;

invests
in or in-licenses other technologies or product candidates;

continues
to build out its organization to engage in such activities; and

incurs
additional legal, accounting, investor relations and other general and administrative expenses
associated with operating as a public company.

Given Tvardis stage of
development, to date it has not had any products approved for sale and has not generated any revenue. Tvardi does not expect to
generate any revenues from product sales unless and until it successfully completes development and obtains regulatory approval for
one or more of its product candidates, which may not be for several years, if ever. If Tvardi obtains regulatory approval for any of
its product candidates, it expects to incur significant commercialization expenses related to product sales, marketing,
manufacturing and distribution. As a result, until such time, if ever, that Tvardi can generate substantial product revenue, it
expects to finance its cash needs through equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources, including collaborations,
licenses or similar arrangements. However, Tvardi may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other arrangements when
needed or on favorable terms, if at all. If Tvardi does raise additional capital through public or private equity offerings, the
ownership interest of its existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other
preferences that adversely affect its stockholders rights. If Tvardi raises additional capital through debt financing, it may
be subject to covenants or other restrictions limiting its ability to engage in specific actions, such as incurring additional debt,
making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. Any failure to raise capital as and when needed could have a negative impact on
its financial condition and on its ability to pursue its business plans and strategies, including its research and development
activities. If Tvardi is unable to raise capital, Tvardi will need to delay, reduce or terminate planned activities, including its
ongoing and planned clinical trials, to reduce costs.

Additionally, Tvardi
is subject to risks and uncertainties as of result of global business, political and macroeconomic events and conditions, including increasing
financial market volatility and uncertainty, inflation, interest rate fluctuations, uncertainty with respect to the federal budget and
debt ceiling and potential government shutdowns related thereto, potential instability in the global banking system, cybersecurity events,
the impact of war or military conflict, including regional conflicts around the world, and public health pandemics. Tvardis business,
financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by further negative impact on the global economy
and capital markets resulting from these global economic conditions, particularly if such conditions are prolonged or worsen.

2

Although, to date,
Tvardis business has not been materially impacted by these global economic and geopolitical conditions, it is impossible to predict
the extent to which its operations will be impacted in the short and long term, or the ways in which such instability could impact its
business and results of operations. The extent and duration of these market disruptions, other geopolitical tensions, record inflation
or otherwise, are impossible to predict, but could be substantial. Any such disruptions may also magnify the impact of other risks described
in the proxy statement/prospectus.

Recent Developments

Proposed Reverse Merger

On December 17,
2024, Tvardi entered into an agreement and plan of merger and reorganization (the Merger Agreement) with Cara, and CT Convergence Merger
Sub, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cara (Merger Sub), pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into Tvardi, with Tvardi
surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cara (such transaction, the Merger).

Upon completion of
the Merger, Tvardis business will continue as the business of the surviving corporation. After the completion of the Merger, Cara
will change its corporate name to Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, at the
effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time):

each
outstanding share of Tvardis common stock (including the shares of common stock issuable
upon conversion of all shares of Tvardis preferred stock prior to the Merger), $0.001
par value per share (Tvardi common stock), will be converted into the right to receive a
number shares of common stock of Cara, $0.001 par value per share (Cara common stock) in
the aggregate, based on a ratio calculated in accordance with the Merger Agreement (the Exchange
Ratio); and

Tvardis
outstanding Convertible Notes will be converted into shares of Cara common stock, pursuant
to the terms of the Convertible Notes (as defined below).

At the Effective Time,
subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Cara will assume outstanding and unexercised options to purchase shares
of Tvardis common stock, and in connection with the Merger, they will be converted into options to purchase shares of Cara common
stock based on the Exchange Ratio. As of the Effective Time, Caras stockholders will continue to own and hold their then existing
shares of Cara common stock, which are subject to adjustment for the reverse stock split proposed in connection with the Merger.

The completion of
the Merger is subject to customary closing conditions, including, among other things (i) approval by the stockholders of each party
of the adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) The Nasdaq Stock Market LLCs
approval of the listing of shares of Cara common stock to be issued in connection with the Merger, (iii) the effectiveness of a
registration statement filed with the SEC in connection with the Merger, and (iv) Cara net cash at the Effective Time of at least
$18.0 million.

Convertible Notes

In December 2024,
Tvardi entered into a note purchase agreement, pursuant to which it issued and sold convertible promissory notes (the Convertible Notes)
in an aggregate principal amount of approximately $28.3 million. The Convertible Notes accrue interest at 8% per annum and mature on
December 31, 2026 (the Maturity Date). As of December 31, 2024, Tvardi has recorded $0.2 million in accrued interest under
the Convertible Notes.

3

Pursuant to the terms
of the note purchase agreement, the Convertible Notes will be converted into equity securities of Tvardi or shares of common stock of
a public traded company, as applicable, upon (i) the closing of an equity financing by Tvardi with total proceeds of at least $15.0
million (a Qualified Financing), (ii) the closing of an equity financing by Tvardi that is not a Qualified Financing (a non-Qualified
Financing), if the holders of a majority of the outstanding principal amount of the Convertible Notes elect to treat such non-Qualified
Financing as a Qualified Financing, (iii) the consummation of an underwritten initial public offering of Tvardis common stock
(IPO), and (iv) consummation of a reverse merger transaction with a publicly traded company, the primary purposes
of which transaction or series of related transactions is the public listing of Tvardi and pursuant to which the stockholders of Tvardi
prior to such transaction shall beneficially own greater than 50% of the surviving entity or the parent entity, in each case, calculated
in accordance with the terms of the Convertible Notes. In addition, Tvardi is obligated to pay the noteholders cash equal to the outstanding
principal amount thereunder plus any unpaid accrued interest thereon, plus a repayment premium upon the consummation of certain change
of control transactions. If the Convertible Notes remain outstanding on or following the Maturity Date, the noteholders shall have the
option to elect to have the outstanding principal balance of the Convertible Notes and any unpaid accrued interest thereon convert into
shares of Tvardis Series B Preferred Stock at a conversion price per share equal to $3.8095.

Upon the closing of
the Merger, the outstanding principal balance of the Convertible Notes and all unpaid accrued interest will be automatically converted
into shares of Cara common stock, at a conversion price equal to 80% of the implied valuation of the combined company in the Merger (such
shares, the Conversion Shares). The Conversion Shares shall be calculated by multiplying the Post-Closing Cara Shares
(as defined below) by (a) the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the Implied Note Valuation
(as defined below) by (ii) the Aggregate Post-Bridge Valuation (as defined below). The Post-Closing Cara Shares
means the quotient obtained by dividing the Cara Outstanding Shares (as defined below) by the Cara
Allocation Percentage (as defined below). The Implied Note Valuation means the quotient obtained by dividing (a) the
principal amount of the Convertible Notes plus all accrued and unpaid interest by (b) 80%. The Aggregate Post-Bridge
Valuation means the sum of (i) the Tvardi Valuation (as defined in the Merger Agreement), plus (ii) the Cara Valuation (as
defined in the Merger Agreement) plus (iii) the Implied Note Valuation. The Conversion Shares issued with respect to the 20% discount
under the terms of the Convertible Notes shall dilute the pre-Merger equityholders of Tvardi as part of calculating the Exchange Ratio. The
remaining Conversion Shares shall dilute the pre-Merger Cara equityholders and the pre-Merger Tvardi equityholders on a pro rata basis.

License Agreements

In July 2012
and June 2015, Stem Med Limited Partnership (StemMed) entered into license agreements with Baylor College of Medicine (BCM) referred
to herein as the BCM First Agreement and BCM Second Agreement, respectively. StemMed assigned the BCM First Agreement and BCM Second
Agreement to Tvardi in connection with the transfer of all or substantially all of the assets and businesses to which BCM First Agreement
and BCM Second Agreement relate in January 2018 and February 2018, respectively. Under both the BCM First Agreement and BCM
Second Agreement, Tvardi obtained exclusive, worldwide, sublicense licenses under certain of BCMs patents and patent applications
and additionally in the case of the BCM First Agreement, certain BCM technology. Under these licenses, Tvardi is permitted to make, have
made, use, market, sell, offer to sell, lease and import products, processes or services that incorporate, utilize or are made with the
use such patents and patent applications or technologies (respectively, the BCM1 Licensed Products and BCM2 Licensed Products) in all
fields of use. The licenses, patents and patent applications and technologies applicable to the BCM First Agreement and BCM Second Agreement
are further discussed below.

First License Agreement with Baylor
College of Medicine

Under the BCM
First Agreement, Tvardi obtained an exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable license under BCMs rights to certain patents and
patent applications related to STAT3 inhibitors in oncology and certain non-oncology indications, which Tvardi refers to as the BCM
Patent Rights, together with certain cell lines, biological materials, compounds, know-how and technologies, which Tvardi
collectively refers to as the BCM Technology, to make, have made, use, market, sell, offer to sell, lease and import BCM1 Licensed
Products, in all fields of use.

4

Pursuant to the terms of the BCM
First Agreement, StemMed owed an initial license fee of $75,000 as consideration for the license rights. Upon the assignment of the
agreement to Tvardi, Tvardi became responsible for the payment of annual maintenance fees on the anniversary of the agreement, which
range from $30,000 to $50,000. Tvardi is also required to pay BCM royalties in the amount of a low-single-digit percent of net sales
of BCM1 Licensed Products during the term, which expires, on a country-by-country basis, on the later of (i) the date of
expiration of the last-to-expire of the BCM Patent Rights, or, (ii) if no BCM Patent Rights issued in such country, the tenth
anniversary of the first commercial sale of the BCM1 Licensed Product in such country. Tvardi currently expects the BCM Patent
Rights to expire April 18, 2039. Upon the initiation of the Phase 2 clinical trials for two BCM1 Licensed Products, Tvardi paid
BCM development milestone payments of $250,000 in the aggregate. Upon the achievement of additional specified development and
regulatory milestones, Tvardi is required to pay BCM one-time milestone payments of up to $2,200,000 in the aggregate for the first
BCM1 Licensed Product in an oncology indication and for the first BCM1 Licensed Product in a non-oncology indication to achieve such
milestones. Further, in connection with the initiation of the Phase 3 clinical trial, Tvardi would expect to incur approximately
$400,000 of oncology-related costs and approximately $300,000 of non-oncology-related costs. Tvardi is additionally required to pay
BCM a tiered low-double-digit percentage of sublicensing revenue obtained in connection with any sublicense granted by Tvardi under
the BCM Patent Rights or BCM Technology.

Tvardi may terminate the BCM First
Agreement at its convenience following a specified notice period upon advance written notice to BCM. The BCM First Agreement may
also be terminated by BCM for Tvardis default or failure to perform any of terms of the BCM First Agreement, following a
specified notice and cure period. Additionally, BCM may terminate the BCM First Agreement if Tvardi undergoes specified bankruptcy
or insolvency events, following the expiration of a specified period. Upon expiration of the term of the BCM First Agreement in a
given country, the license grant from BCM to Tvardi will be fully-paid and perpetual in such country.

The BCM First Agreement was amended
in April 2015 to update the schedule of BCM Patent Rights and description of description of BCM Technology covered by the
license for immaterial consideration. The BCM First Agreement was further amended in August 2019 to amend Tvardis
diligence and insurance obligations as well as to further update the schedule of BCM Patent Rights.

Under the BCM First
Agreement, Tvardi recorded $50,000 of annual maintenance fees during each of the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. Tvardi
incurred $125,000 for milestones in connection with the initiation of a Phase 2 clinical trial during each of the years ended December 31,
2024 and 2023. No royalty fees have been incurred to date.

Second License Agreement with Baylor
College of Medicine

Under the BCM Second
Agreement, Tvardi obtained an exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable license under certain patents and patent applications co-owned by BCM
and the National Institutes of Health (NIH), related to methods and compositions for the use of STAT3 inhibitors in certain conditions
like anaphylaxis, which rights Tvardi refers to as the Licensed Patent Rights, to make, have made, use, market, sell, offer to sell,
lease and import the BCM2 Licensed Products, in all fields of use.

Pursuant to the terms of the BCM
Second Agreement, StemMed owed an initial license fee of $5,000 in consideration for the license rights. Upon the assignment of the
agreement to Tvardi, it became responsible for the payment of maintenance fees on the anniversary of the agreement, which range from
$30,000 to $50,000. Tvardi is also required to pay BCM royalties in the amount of a low-single-digit percent of net sales of BCM2
Licensed Products during the term, which expires, on a country-by-country basis, on the later (i) of the date of expiration of
the last to expire of the Licensed Patent Rights, or, (ii) if no Licensed Patent Rights issued in such country, the tenth
anniversary of the first commercial sale of the BCM2 Licensed Product in such country. Tvardi currently expects the Licensed Patent
Rights to expire July 18, 2034. Upon the achievement of additional specified development and regulatory milestones, Tvardi is
required to pay BCM one-time milestone payments of up to $1,225,000 in the aggregate for the first BCM2 Licensed Product to achieve
such milestones. Further, in connection with the initiation of the Phase 3 clinical trial, Tvardi would expect to incur
approximately $300,000 in costs. Tvardi is additionally required to pay BCM a tiered low-double-digit percentage of sublicensing
revenue obtained in connection with any sublicense granted by Tvardi under the Licensed Patent Rights.

5

Tvardi may terminate
the BCM Second Agreement at its convenience following a specified notice period upon advance written notice to BCM. The BCM Second Agreement
may also be terminated by BCM for Tvardis default or failure to perform any of terms of the BCM Second Agreement, following a
specified notice and cure period. Additionally, BCM may terminate the BCM Second Agreement if Tvardi undergoes specified bankruptcy or
insolvency events, following the expiration of a specified period. The NIH may terminate its license to BCM if Tvardi fails to fulfill
certain obligations. Upon expiration of the term of the BCM Second Agreement in a given country, the license grant from BCM to Tvardi
will be fully-paid and perpetual in such country.

The BCM Second Agreement
was amended in June 2019 to amend Tvardis diligence and insurance obligations. Tvardi entered into a second amendment April 2023
to further amend its diligence obligations and to terminate the obligation to pay annual maintenance fees until the first anniversary
of the achievement of certain patent milestones and annually thereafter.

Under the BCM Second
Agreement, no payments were made or incurred during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. No royalty fees have been incurred
to date.

Components of Operating Results

Revenue

Tvardi has not generated
any revenue since its inception and does not expect to generate any revenue from the sale of products in the near future, if at all.
If Tvardis development efforts for TTI-101, TTI-109 or additional product candidates that it may develop in the future are successful
and result in marketing approval, or if Tvardi enters into collaboration or license agreements with third parties, it may generate revenue
in the future from a combination of product sales or payments from such collaboration or license agreements.

Operating Expenses

Tvardis operating
expenses since inception have consisted primarily of research and development expenses and general and administrative costs.

Research and Development Expenses

Tvardis research
and development expenses consist primarily of direct and indirect costs incurred in performing clinical and preclinical development activities.

Direct costs include:

expenses
incurred under agreements with consultants and third-party contract research organizations
(CROs) that conduct research and development activities on Tvardis behalf;

costs
related to production of preclinical and clinical materials, including fees paid to contract
manufacturers; and

costs associated with license agreements. 

Indirect costs include:

personnel
costs, which includes salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation expense and travel expenses, for personnel engaged in research
and development functions;

facilities,
amortization and other expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for rent and
maintenance of facilities, insurance and other supplies; and

costs
related to compliance with quality and regulatory requirements.

6

Pursuant to U.S. GAAP
and Tvardis internal policies, including its clinical trial accrual policy, Tvardi expenses all research and development costs
in the periods in which they are incurred, including the costs of treatment center start-up activities, patient enrollment, and study
reporting.. Costs for certain other research and development activities are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion
of specific tasks using information and data provided to Tvardi by its vendors and third-party service providers. Payments for these
activities are based on the terms of the individual agreements, which may differ from the pattern of costs incurred, and are reflected
in Tvardis financial statements as prepaid or accrued research and development expenses.

The majority of Tvardis
clinical spending in the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 was on TTI-101, for which certain direct research and development
costs are tracked by clinical trial. Spending for the development of TTI-109 primarily began in 2023.

Tvardi expects its research and
development expenses to increase substantially for the foreseeable future as it continues to invest in the development of TTI-101
and TTI-109, support its ongoing preclinical programs and discover any new product candidates, as well as increase its headcount. In
particular, clinical development, as opposed to preclinical development, generally has higher development costs, primarily due to
the increased size and duration of later-stage clinical trials. Moreover, the costs associated with Tvardis clinical
activities, which are managed by its CROs, and Contract Development and Manufacturing Organizations (CDMOs), to manufacture
materials for Tvardis product candidates and future commercial products, are much more costly as compared to early-stage
preclinical development. Tvardi cannot determine with certainty the timing of initiation, the duration or the completion costs of
current or future preclinical studies and clinical trials of its current and future candidates due to the inherently unpredictable
nature of preclinical and clinical development. Preclinical and clinical development timelines, the probability of success and
development costs can differ materially from expectations. Tvardi anticipates that it will make determinations as to which
therapeutic candidates to pursue and how much funding to direct to each therapeutic candidate on an ongoing basis in response to the
results of ongoing and future preclinical studies and clinical trials, regulatory developments and Tvardis ongoing
assessments as to each therapeutic candidates commercial potential. Tvardi will need substantial additional capital in the
future to support these efforts. In addition, Tvardi cannot forecast which therapeutic candidates may be subject to future
collaborations, when such arrangements will be secured, if at all, and to what degree such arrangements would affect its development
plans and capital requirements.

At this time, Tvardi
cannot reasonably estimate or know the nature, timing and estimated costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the development
of any of its product candidates. Tvardi is also unable to predict when, if ever, material net cash inflows will commence from sales
or licensing of its product candidates. This is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with drug development, including:

negative
or inconclusive results from Tvardis preclinical studies or clinical trials or the
clinical trials of others for product candidates similar to Tvardis, leading to a
decision or requirement to conduct additional preclinical testing or clinical trials or abandon
a program;

undesirable
product-related side effects experienced by subjects in Tvardis clinical trials or
by individuals using drugs or therapeutics similar to its product candidates;

poor
efficacy of Tvardis product candidates during clinical trials;

delays
in submitting investigational new drug (IND) applications or comparable foreign applications
or delays or failure in obtaining the necessary approvals from U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities to commence a clinical trial, or
a suspension or termination of a clinical trial once commenced;

conditions
imposed by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities regarding the scope or design
of Tvardis clinical trials;

delays
in enrolling subjects in clinical trials, including due to operational challenges or competition
with other clinical trials;

7

high
drop-out rates or screening failures of subjects from clinical trials;

inadequate
supply or quality of product candidates or other materials necessary for the conduct of Tvardis
clinical trials;

greater
than anticipated clinical trial costs;

inability
to compete with other therapies;

failure
to secure or maintain orphan designation in some jurisdictions;

unfavorable
FDA or other regulatory agency inspection and review of a clinical trial site;

failure
of Tvardis third-party contractors or investigators to comply with regulatory requirements
or otherwise meet their contractual obligations in a timely manner, or at all;

delays
and changes in regulatory requirements, policy and guidelines, including the imposition of
additional regulatory oversight around clinical testing generally or with respect to Tvardis
technology in particular; or

varying
interpretations of data by the FDA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities.

A change in the outcome
of any of these variables with respect to the development of any of Tvardis product candidates or potential future product candidates
could mean a significant change in the costs and timing associated with the development of that product candidate or potential future
product candidate. For example, if the FDA or another regulatory authority were to require Tvardi to conduct clinical trials beyond those
that it anticipates would be required for the completion of clinical development of a product candidate or potential future product candidate,
or if Tvardi experiences significant delays in its clinical trials due to slower than expected patient enrollment or other reasons, it
would be required to expend significant additional financial resources and time on the completion of clinical development. Tvardi may
never obtain regulatory approval for any of its product candidates, and, even if Tvardi does, drug commercialization takes several years
and millions of dollars in development costs.

General and Administrative Expenses

General and administrative
expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation, for personnel in Tvardis
executive, finance, corporate and business development and administrative functions. General and administrative expenses also include
outside professional services, such as legal, audit and accounting services, insurance costs and facility-related expenses, which includes
direct depreciation costs and allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities and other operating costs.

Tvardi expects its
general and administrative expenses to increase over the next several years as it continues its research and development activities,
prepares for potential commercialization of its current and future product candidates, as well as expands its operations and begins operating
as a public company following the Merger. These increases will likely include increases related to the hiring of additional personnel
and legal, regulatory and other fees and services associated with maintaining compliance with listing rules and SEC requirements,
director and officer insurance premiums and investor relations costs associated with being a public company.

Interest Income

Interest income for
the year ended December 31, 2024 consisted of interest earned on Tvardis cash equivalents and interest income for the year
ended December 31, 2023 consisted of interest earned on its cash equivalents, previously outstanding short-term investments, as
well as accretion of the discount on its short-term investments.

8

Other Income (Expense), Net

Other income (expense),
net consists of the change in fair value of Tvardis Convertible Notes, for which it has elected the fair value option as well
as interest accrued on the Convertible Notes and debt issuance costs incurred. See Recent DevelopmentsConvertible
Notes for further discussion of Tvardis Convertible Notes.

Income Taxes

Tvardi
recorded a full valuation allowance of its deferred tax asset position as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 as it believes it was more
likely than not that Tvardi would not be able to utilize its deferred tax assets.

As of December 31,
2024, Tvardi had a federal net operating loss (NOL) carryforward of $47.2 million. Of the federal NOL carryforwards, $0.4 million expires
in 2037 and $46.8 million may be carried forward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2024, Tvardi had federal research and development
credits of $0.4 million, which will begin to expire in 2039.

Results of Operations

Comparison of the Years Ended December 31,
2024 and 2023

The
following table sets forth Tvardis results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands, except
percentages):

Year Ended December 31, Change 

2024 2023 Amount Percent 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development $ 23,650 $ 15,866 $ 7,784 49.1 %

General and administrative 4,457 2,799 1,658 59.2 %

Total operating expenses 28,107 18,665 9,442 50.6 %

Loss from operations (28,107 ) (18,665 ) (9,442 ) 50.6 %

Interest income 747 1,318 (571 ) (43.3 )%

Other income (expense), net (2,037 ) - (2,037 ) n/a 

Net loss $ (29,397 ) $ (17,347 ) $ (12,050 ) 69.5 %

9

Research and Development Expenses

Research
and development expenses for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 were comprised of the following (in thousands, except percentages):

Year Ended December 31, Change 

2024 2023 Amount Percent 

Direct research and development expenses by program: 

TTI-101: 

HCC $ 8,583 $ 2,127 $ 6,456 303.5 %

IPF 6,703 3,210 3,493 108.8 %

mBC 2,182 646 1,536 237.8 %

Pre-clinical, CMC, and other (unallocated) 969 4,373 (3,404 ) (77.8 )%

TTI-109 1,193 1,466 (273 ) (18.6 )%

Unallocated research and development expense: 

Personnel costs (including stock-based compensation) 2,988 2,900 88 3.0 %

Consultant fees and other costs 1,032 1,144 (112 ) (9.8 )%

Total research and development expenses $ 23,650 $ 15,866 $ 7,784 49.1 %

Research and development
expenses were $23.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to $15.9 million for the year ended December 31,
2023. The increase of $7.8 million was primarily driven by costs associated with Tvardis product candidate TTI-101, including
increases of $6.5 million and $3.5 million related to Tvardis HCC trial and IPF trial, respectively, both attributable to changes in patient enrollments and overall changes in trial costs due to estimated clinical trial change orders. Also contributing to the increase in research and development expense for TTI-101 were winddown costs to closeout
Tvardis metastatic breast cancer (mBC) trial, which Tvardi decided to discontinue in January 2024. These increases in costs
are partially offset by a $3.4 million decrease in pre-clinical, chemistry, manufacturing and control (CMC) costs as the production of
clinical trial supplies were completed in 2023.

The decrease of $0.3
million related to Tvardis product candidate TTI-109 was primarily related to the timing of pre-clinical studies.

The increase of personnel
costs of $0.1 million was primarily related to increases in compensation across the research and development functions. The $0.1 million
decrease in consultant fees and other costs was primarily related to reduced usage of consultants due to the usage of internal resources.

General and Administrative Expenses

General and administrative
expenses were $4.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to $2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2023.
The increase of $1.7 million was primarily driven by increases in professional fees of $1.5 million, attributable to accounting and audit
fees, and personnel costs of $0.2 million, related to increases in compensation across the general and administrative functions.

Interest Income

Interest income was
$0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to $1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The $0.7
million of interest income for the year ended December 31, 2024 was driven by interest income earned on Tvardis cash equivalents.
The $1.3 million of interest income for the year ended December 31, 2023 includes interest earned on Tvardis cash, cash equivalents,
previously outstanding short-term investments, as well as the accretion of the discount on its short-term investments, which fully matured
during the year ended December 31, 2023.

10

Other Income (Expense), Net

Other income (expense),
net of $2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 was primarily attributable to a $1.8 million remeasurement of Tvardis
Convertible Notes, for which Tvardi has elected the fair value option, as well as $0.2 million in interest accrued on the Convertible
Notes and $0.1 million of debt issuance costs incurred. There were no financial instruments requiring valuation or interest expense for
the year ended December 31, 2023.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Sources of Liquidity

Since inception, Tvardi
has not generated any revenue from product sales or any other sources and has incurred significant operating losses. Tvardi has not yet
commercialized any products and does not expect to generate revenue from sales of any product candidates for several years, if ever.
To date, Tvardi has financed its operations primarily through the (i) issuance and sale of its Convertible Notes in December 2024
for gross proceeds of $28.3 million and (ii) the issuance and sale of preferred stock and historical convertible debt for total
gross proceeds of $83.4 million. Any previously outstanding convertible debt was converted into preferred stock in 2018 and 2021. To
date Tvardi has devoted substantially all of its efforts and financial resources to developing its product candidates, organizing and
staffing its company, business planning, raising capital, establishing its intellectual property portfolio and performing research and
development of its product candidates, signaling and biology, medicinal chemistry and clinical insights to discover and develop novel
therapies for the treatment of fibrosis-driven diseases.. As of December 31, 2024, Tvardi had $31.6 million in cash and cash equivalents.

See Recent
DevelopmentsConvertible Notes above for further discussion of Tvardis Convertible Notes.

Funding Requirements

Tvardis
primary uses of cash are to fund its operations, which consist primarily of research and development costs related to the development
of its product candidates, and, to a lesser extent, general and administrative costs. Tvardi has incurred significant operating losses
since its inception, and as of December 31, 2024, had an accumulated deficit of $92.2 million. Management has determined that its
present capital resources will not be sufficient to fund its planned operations for at least one year from the issuance date of the financial
statements filed as Exhibit [] to this Report, which raises substantial doubt as to Tvardis ability to continue
as a going concern. Tvardi is seeking to complete a Merger with Cara, as discussed above, and plans to seek additional funding through
subsequent public or private offerings of equity or debt securities and other funding sources. In the event Tvardi does not complete
the reverse merger, the Company plans to seek additional funding through equity offerings or debt financings, credit or loan facilities,
strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. However, there can be no assurance that such funding will be available to Tvardi, will
be obtained on terms favorable to Tvardi, or will provide Tvardi with sufficient funds to meet its objectives.

Tvardi anticipates
that it will continue to incur significant and increasing expenses for the foreseeable future as it continues to advance its product
candidates, expand its corporate infrastructure, including the costs associated with being a public company following the Merger, further
Tvardis research and development initiatives for its product candidates and incur costs associated with the potential commercialization
of its product candidates, if approved. Tvardi is subject to all of the risks typically related to the development of new drug candidates,
and may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect its business.
Tvardi anticipates that it will need substantial additional funding in connection with its continuing operations. However, Tvardi may
be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other arrangements when needed on favorable terms or at all. If Tvardi raises
additional capital through public or private equity offerings, the ownership interest of its existing stockholders will be diluted, and
the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect its stockholders rights. If Tvardi
raises additional capital through debt financing, it may be subject to covenants or other restrictions limiting its ability to engage
in specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. Any failure to raise capital
as and when needed could have a negative impact on Tvardis financial condition and on its ability to pursue its business plans
and strategies. If Tvardi is unable to raise capital, it will need to delay, reduce or terminate planned activities to reduce costs.

11

Because of the numerous
risks and uncertainties associated with research, development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products, Tvardi is unable to estimate
the exact amount of its operating capital requirements.

Tvardis future funding requirements
will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to:

the
initiation, progress, timing, costs and results of preclinical studies and clinical trials
for its potential future product candidates;

the
clinical development plans Tvardi establishes for its product candidates;

the
timelines of its clinical trials and the overall costs to conduct and complete the clinical
trials, including any increased costs due to disruptions caused by marketplace conditions,
including the effects of health epidemics, or other geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions;

the
cost and capital commitments required for manufacturing its product candidates at clinical
and if, approved, commercial scales;

the
number and characteristics of product candidates that Tvardi develops;

the
outcome, timing and cost of meeting regulatory requirements established by the FDA and other
comparable foreign regulatory authorities;

whether
Tvardi is able to enter into future collaboration agreements and the terms of any such agreements;

the
ability to achieve and timing of achieving a favorable pricing and reimbursement decision
by the pricing authorities in the markets of interest;

the
cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing its patent claims and other intellectual
property rights, including patent infringement actions brought by third parties against Tvardi
or its product candidates;

the
effect of competing technological and market developments;

the
cost and timing of completion of commercial-scale outsourced manufacturing activities; and

the
cost of establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for any product candidates
for which Tvardi may receive regulatory approval in regions where it chooses to commercialize
its products on its own.

A change in the outcome
of any of these or other variables with respect to the development of any of Tvardis current and future product candidates could
significantly change the costs and timing associated with the development of that product candidate. See the section titled Risk
Factors set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus for additional risks associated with Tvardis substantial capital requirements.

12

Cash Flows

The following table summarizes Tvardis
cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31, 

2024 2023 

Net cash used in operating activities $ (18,305 ) $ (21,040 )

Net cash provided by investing activities - 22,468 

Net cash provided by financing activities 27,000 2 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents $ 8,695 $ 1,430 

Operating Activities

Net cash used in operating
activities was $18.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, reflecting a net loss of $29.4 million, net of changes in operating
assets and liabilities of $8.6 million, and non-cash changes of $2.5 million. The net changes in operating assets and liabilities of
$8.6 million was primarily driven by (i) a $3.2 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets, attributable to the
timing of patient enrollments and (ii) a $5.6 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses, driven by the timing of
invoices and payments. The $2.5 million in non-cash expenses was primarily driven by $1.8 million related to the change in fair value
of Tvardis Convertible Notes, $0.2 million in interest accrued on its Convertible Notes, $0.3 million in stock-based compensation,
and $0.1 million in depreciation and amortization.

Net cash used in operating
activities was $21.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, reflecting a net loss of $17.3 million and net changes in operating
assets and liabilities of $4.0 million, partially offset by non-cash changes for depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation
expense, non-cash lease expense and accretion of discounts on short-term investments of $0.3 million. The net changes in operating assets
and liabilities of $4.0 million was primarily driven by (i) a $2.9 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets,
attributable to the timing of patient enrollments and (ii) a $1.0 million decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses, driven
by the timing of invoices and payments.

Investing Activities

Net cash provided
by investing activities was $22.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 attributable to the maturities of short-term investments.

There was no net cash
provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2024.

Financing Activities

The net cash provided
by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2024 was primarily due to the proceeds from Tvardis Convertible Notes,
partially offset by payments of deferred offering costs.

The immaterial net
cash provided by financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2023 was due to proceeds from the exercise of stock options.

Contractual Obligations and Commitments

Lease Obligations

Tvardi leases space
under one operating lease agreement for corporate office space in Sugar Land, Texas, which expires in August 2027. As of December 31,
2024, Tvardi had future operating lease liabilities of $0.3 million.

Convertible Notes

In December 2024, Tvardi issued
and sold Convertible Notes in an aggregate principal amount of approximately $28.3 million. If the Convertible Notes are not otherwise
converted into equity securities pursuant to the scenarios within the terms of the note purchase agreement and as further discussed above,
the principal amount of the Convertible Notes and any unpaid accrued interest will be due to the noteholders.

13

Maturity date

If the Convertible
Notes are held to the Maturity Date and the noteholders do not elect for the conversion of the Convertible Notes pursuant to the terms
discussed above, the $28.3 million in principal and accrued interest of approximately $4.7 million would be due to the noteholders.

Payout upon a change of control

In the event Tvardi
consummates a change of control other than a reverse merger while the Convertible Notes remain outstanding, in addition to the outstanding
principal and any unpaid accrued interest on the original principal, the noteholders would also receive a repayment premium equal to
100% of the outstanding principal amount of the Convertible Notes.

License Agreements

As discussed above, Tvardi has
license agreements with BCM for exclusive use of patent rights of TTI-101. The license agreements contain terms for annual
maintenance fees, milestone payments and net revenue royalties. Annual maintenance fees range from $30,000 to $50,000 per year, per
license. Potential milestone payments are up to $1,225,000 in the aggregate per license. Milestones include new drug filings,
clinical trial stages, and NDA approval by the FDA. Tvardi is obligated to pay BCM royalties in the amount of a low-single-digit
percent of net sales of BCM1 Licensed Products or BCM2 Licensed Products during the term, which expire, on a country-by-country
basis, on the later of (i) the date of expiration of BCM Patent Rights or Licensed Patent Rights, whichever is the last to
expire, or, (ii) if no BCM Patent Rights or Licensed Patent Rights are issued in such country, the tenth anniversary the first
commercial sale of the BCM1 Licensed Products or BCM2 Licensed Products in such country. License fees are expensed as incurred
within research and development within Tvardis statements of operations. Tvardi recorded $50,000 of annual maintenance fees
during each of the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. Tvardi incurred $125,000 for milestones connected with the
initiation of Phase 2 clinical trials in each of the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. No royalty fees have been incurred
to date.

Other Capital Requirements and Additional
Royalty Obligations

Tvardi enters into agreements in the
normal course of business with various third-party providers for the provision of research and development services, which include
preclinical studies and clinical trial services with CROs and the manufacturing of product candidates for use in its preclinical
studies and clinical trials with CDMOs. These agreements may include certain provisions for purchase obligations and termination
obligations that could require payments for the cancellation of committed purchase obligations or for early termination of the
agreements. The amount of the cancellation or termination payments vary and are based on the timing of the cancellation or
termination and the specific terms of the agreement. These obligations and commitments are not presented separately.

In addition to Tvardis
obligation to make potential royalty payments under the BCM First Agreement and BCM Second Agreement discussed above, pursuant to Tvardis
founder restricted stock purchase agreements with each of its founders, David J. Tweardy, M.D. and Ron DePinho, M.D., Tvardi is also
obligated to pay royalties to each such founder in an amount equal to 1% each on the worldwide net sales of TTI-101 and any derivative
formulations (a Royalty Bearing Product). These royalty obligations last, on a country-by-country basis, for the later of (i) the
date on which the sale of Royalty Bearing Product is no longer covered by a Covered Patent (as defined below) in such country, or (ii) 15
years after the first commercial sale of Royalty Bearing Product in such country. The timing of when Tvardis royalty payments
will actually be made is uncertain as the payments are contingent upon future activities, including the successful development, regulatory
approval and commercialization of Royalty Bearing Product. A Covered Patent means, subject to certain customary exceptions, an issued
patent that is owned by us or an affiliate, or for which all rights to develop and commercialize pharmaceutical products for the treatment
of any human disorder, are exclusively licensed to Tvardi or an affiliate by the owner of such patent, with Tvardis right or Tvardis
affiliates right to grant sublicenses.

14

Critical Accounting Estimates

Tvardis financial
statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of the financial statements and related disclosures requires management
to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses in Tvardis financial statements.
Tvardi bases its estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that management believes are reasonable
under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Management evaluates estimates and assumptions on a periodic basis. Tvardis
actual results may differ from these estimates.

While
Tvardis significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 2 to the financial statements for the years
ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Report, management believes that the following
accounting policies are critical to understanding Tvardis historical and future performance, as the policies relate to the
more significant areas involving managements judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the financial statements.

Prepaid and Accrued Research and
Development Costs

Accounting for preclinical
studies and clinical trials relating to activities performed by CROs and other external vendors requires management to exercise significant
estimates in regard to the timing and accounting for these expenses. Tvardi estimates costs of research and development activities conducted
by service providers, which include costs to properly initiate and manage ongoing preclinical studies and clinical trials. The diverse
nature of services being provided under contracts with Tvardis CROs, CDMOs and other arrangements, the different compensation
arrangements that exist for each type of service and the lack of timely information related to certain pre-clinical and clinical activities
complicates the estimation of accruals for services rendered by the CROs, CDMOs and other vendors in connection with preclinical studies
and clinical trials.

Examples of estimated accrued research and
development expenses include:

expenses
incurred under agreements with third parties, including Tvardis CROs that conducts
research, preclinical studies and clinical trials on its behalf;

expenses
incurred under agreements with third parties, including its CDMOs, that develop and manufacture
its product candidate for use in Tvardis preclinical studies and clinical trials;
and;

other
providers and vendors in connection with research and development activities.

Tvardi bases its expenses
related to preclinical studies and clinical trials on its estimates of the services received and efforts expended pursuant to quotes
and contracts with its CROs, CDMOs and other third-party vendors that conduct research, preclinical studies and clinical trials on its
behalf. The financial terms of these agreements are subject to negotiation, vary from contract to contract and may result in uneven payment
flows. There may be instances in which payments made to Tvardis vendors will exceed the level of services provided and result
in a prepayment of the expense.

Payments under some of these
contracts depend on factors such as the successful enrollment of patients and the completion of clinical trial milestones. In
accruing fees, Tvardi estimates the time period over which services will be performed, the enrollment of patients and the level of
effort to be expended in each period. If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from
Tvardis estimate, or if Tvardi receives any change orders from its third-party providers, it adjusts the accrual or amount of
prepaid expense accordingly. Although Tvardi does not expect its estimates to be materially different from amounts actually
incurred, its understanding of the status and timing of services performed relative to the actual status and timing of services
performed may vary and may result in Tvardi reporting amounts that are too high or too low in any particular period. To date, Tvardi
has not made any material adjustments to its prior estimates of accrued research and development expenses.

15

Tvardi
also record advance payments to service providers as prepaid expenses and other current assets, which are expensed when the contracted
services are performed. If the actual timing of the performance of services varies from the estimate, then Tvardi adjusts the amount
of the accrued expense or the prepaid expense accordingly.

Convertible Notes

Tvardi
elected to account for its Convertible Notes pursuant to the fair value option under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 825, Financial
Instruments (ASC 825). In accordance with ASC 825 and the fair value option, Tvardi recorded its Convertible Notes at fair value
with changes in fair value recorded as component of other income (expense), net in its statements of operations. As a result of the fair
value option, any issuance costs related to the Convertible Notes were expensed as incurred and were not deferred.

The
fair value of the Convertible Notes was determined using a scenario-based valuation analysis that requires a probability of inputs, including
the probability of occurrence of events that would trigger conversion of the Convertible Notes and the expected timing of such events.

As
of December 31, 2024, Tvardi assessed the probability of (i) an automatic conversion of the Convertible Notes into equity securities
upon a Qualified or non-Qualified Financing, (ii) an automatic conversion of the Convertible Notes into shares of Tvardis
common stock upon an IPO, (iii) an automatic conversion of the Convertible Notes into the combined companys common stock
upon a reverse merger, and (iv) an event of default, dissolution, or liquidation, weighted with 20%, 10%, 60%, and 10%, respectively.

Additional
assumptions and estimates used to estimate the fair value of the Convertible Notes include the: (i) fixed price conversion option,
which was valued using a Black-Scholes option model, (ii) aggregate call value of each scenario, which was synthesized using a bond
plus call option model, (iii) expected volatility, (iv) risk-free interest rate, and (v) the fair value of the Convertible
Notes under the reverse merger scenario, which was estimated using a forward contract structure.

Stock-Based Compensation Expense
and Fair Value of Stock-Based Awards

Stock-Based Compensation Expense

Tvardi measures
and records the expense related to stock-based awards granted to employees, directors, consultants and advisors based upon their
respective fair value at the date of grant. Generally, Tvardi issues stock option awards with service-based vesting conditions and
record the expense for these awards using the straight-line method such that the aggregate amount of expense recognized is at least
the fair value of what has legally vested. Tvardi estimates the grant date fair value of each common stock option using the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which requires the input of highly subjective assumptions and managements best estimates.
These estimates involve inherent uncertainties and managements judgement. If factors change and different assumptions are
used, Tvardis stock-based compensation could be materially different in the future.

These assumptions are estimated as follows:

Fair
value Because Tvardis common stock is not yet publicly traded, it must
estimate the fair value of common stock. Tvardis board of directors considers numerous
objective and subjective factors to determine the fair value of its common stock at each
meeting in which awards are approved.

Expected
Volatility Because Tvardi does not have any trading history for its common stock,
the expected volatility is estimated using averages of the historical volatility of its peer
group of companies for a period equal to the expected term of the stock options granted.
Tvardis peer group of publicly traded companies was chosen based on their similar
size, stage in the life cycle or area of specialty. Tvardi intends to continue to consistently
apply this process using the same or a similar peer group of public companies, until a sufficient
amount of historical information regarding the volatility of its own common stock price becomes
available.

16

Expected
Term Derived from the life of the options granted under the option plan and is
based on the simplified method which is essentially the weighted average of the vesting period
and contractual term.

Risk-Free
Interest Rate The risk-free interest rate is based on the implied yield currently
available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with a term that is equal to the options
expected term at the grant date.

Dividend
Yield Tvardi has not declared or paid dividends to date and does not anticipate
declaring dividends. As such, the dividend yield has been estimated to be zero.

Changes in the foregoing
assumptions can materially affect the estimate of fair value and ultimately how much share-based compensation expense is recognized;
and the resulting change in fair value, if any, is recognized in Tvardis statements of operations during the period the related
services are rendered. These inputs are subjective and generally require significant analysis and judgment to develop.

Fair Value of Stock-Based Awards

As a privately held
company, there has been no public market for Tvardis common stock to date. The estimated fair value of Tvardis common stock
has been determined by its board of directors as of the date of each option grant, with input from management, considering the most recently
available third-party valuations of its common stock and its board of directors assessment of additional objective and subjective
factors that it believed were relevant and which may have changed from the date of the most recent valuation through the date of the
grant. These third-party valuations were performed in accordance with the guidance outlined in the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants Accounting and Valuation Guide, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation.

Tvardis third-party
valuations of common stock were prepared using the option-pricing method (OPM), which used a market approach to estimate Tvardis
enterprise value. The OPM treats common stock as call options on the total equity value of a company, with exercise prices based on the
value thresholds at which the allocation among the various holders of a companys securities changes. Under this method, the common
stock has value only if the funds available for distribution to stockholders exceeded the value of the preferred stock liquidation preferences
at the time of the liquidity event, such as a strategic sale or a merger.

These third-party
valuations resulted in a valuation of Tvardis common stock of $0.92 and $0.82 as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022,
respectively. In addition to considering the results of these third-party valuations, Tvardis board of directors considered various
objective and subjective factors to determine the fair value of its common stock as of each grant date, including:

the
prices at which Tvardi sold shares of its preferred stock and the superior rights and preferences
of the preferred stock relative to its common stock at the time of each grant;

the
lack of an active public market, for Tvardis common stock and preferred stock;

the
progress of Tvardis research and development programs, including the status and results
of preclinical studies and clinical trials for its product candidates;

Tvardis
stage of development and commercialization and its business strategy, and material risks
to its business;

external
market conditions affecting the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical industry and trends
within each industry;

Tvardis
financial position, including cash on hand, and its historical and forecasted performance
and operating results;

17

the
likelihood of achieving a liquidity event, such as an initial public offering or sale of
Tvardi in light of prevailing market conditions; and

the
analysis of initial public offerings and the market performance of similar companies in the
biopharmaceutical industry.

The assumptions underlying
these valuations represented managements best estimate, which involved inherent uncertainties and the application of managements
judgment. As a result, if Tvardi had used significantly different assumptions or estimates, the fair value of its common stock and its
stock-based compensation expense could have been materially different. For the year ended December 31, 2024, if there was a 10%
increase in the valuation of its common stock at each of the valuation dates listed above and to the underlying exercise price of stock
options granted during the year assuming that such options were granted with an exercise price equal to the fair value of common stock,
the impact to its stock-based compensation expense would not be material. If there was a 10% decrease in the valuation of its common
stock at each of the valuation dates listed above and to the underlying exercise price of stock options granted during the year assuming
that such options were granted with an exercise price equal to the fair value of common stock, the impact to its stock-based compensation
expense would not be material for the year ended December 31, 2024. Tvardis estimate of fair value is reviewed and approved
by its board of directors.

Once a public trading market for
Tvardis common stock has been established in connection with the completion of this Merger, it will no longer be necessary
for Tvardis board of directors to estimate the fair value of its common stock in connection with its accounting for stock
options and other such awards Tvardi may grant, as the fair value of its common stock will be determined based on the quoted market
price of its common stock.

Options Granted

The following table
summarizes by grant date the number of shares subject to options granted from January 1, 2023 through the date of this Report, the
per share exercise price of the options, the per share fair value of common stock underlying the options on each grant date and the per
share estimated fair value of the options:

Grant Date Number of shares

subject to options

granted Per share exercise

price of options Per share fair

value of common

stock Per share estimated

fair value of options 

January 12, 2023 607,129 $ 0.82 $ 0.82 $ 0.52 

June 27, 2023 60,000 $ 0.82 $ 0.82 (1) $ 0.52 

June 27, 2023 20,000 $ 0.82 $ 0.82 (1) $ 0.53 

January 31, 2024 25,000 $ 0.92 $ 0.92 $ 0.62 

(1) At the time of the options grants on June 27, 2023, Tvardis
board of directors determined that the fair value of its common stock of $0.82 per share, calculated by its third-party valuation as
of June 30, 2022, reasonably reflected the per share fair value of its common stock as of the grant date. Tvardi applied the fair
value of common stock from its retrospective fair value assessment to determine the fair value of the June 27, 2023 awards, noting
an immaterial incremental stock-based compensation expense to be recorded for accounting purposes of approximately $2,000.

Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting
Pronouncements

A
description of recently issued accounting pronouncements that may potentially impact Tvardis financial position and results
of operations is disclosed in Note 2 to the financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, filed as
Exhibit 99.1 to this Report.

18

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risks

Interest Rate Risk

As of December 31,
2024 and 2023, Tvardi had $31.6 million and $22.9 million in cash and cash equivalents, respectively, which are primarily maintained
in accounts with multiple financial institutions in the United States. Tvardi may maintain cash and cash equivalent balances in excess
of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limits. Tvardi does not believe that it is subject to unusual credit risk beyond the normal
credit risk associated with commercial banking relationships. Tvardis primary exposure to market risk is interest rate sensitivity,
which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates. Due to the short-term duration and low risk profile of Tvardis
cash equivalents, it believes an immediate 10% change in interest rates would not have a material effect on their fair market value.

Effects of Inflation

Inflation
generally affects Tvardi by increasing the cost of labor and research and development contract costs. Tvardi does not believe
inflation has had a material effect on its results of operations during the periods presented in its financial statements filed as
Exhibit 99.1 to this Report.

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk

All of Tvardis
employees and its operations are currently located in the United States, and expenses are generally denominated in U.S. dollars. As such,
Tvardi is not exposed to financial risks from exchange rate fluctuations between U.S. dollars and other currencies.

19
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm2510381d1_ex99-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.3

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Defined
terms included below shall have the same meaning as terms defined and included in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283900),
which was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2025 (the proxy statement/prospectus).

For the purposes
of the discussion in this section, the Reverse Stock Split at ratio of 1-for-3 has been applied, and any references herein to the Reverse
Stock Split shall account for such assumption.

On December 17,
2024, Cara, Tvardi, and Merger Sub entered into the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into Tvardi, with
Tvardi surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cara (such transaction, the Merger). Upon completion of the Merger, the business of
Tvardi will continue as the business of the surviving corporation, referred to herein as the combined company. After the completion of
the Merger, Cara will change its corporate name to Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.

At the Closing,
(i) each outstanding share of common stock of Tvardi (including the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares
of preferred stock of Tvardi prior to the Merger), $0.001 par value per share (Tvardi common stock), will be converted into the right
to receive 6,539,393 shares of common stock of Cara, $0.001 par value per share (Cara common stock) in the aggregate, based on an Exchange
Ratio of 0.1341 (as more fully described in the section titled Merger Agreement Merger Consideration and Exchange Ratio
included in the proxy statement/prospectus), and (ii) the outstanding Convertible Notes of Tvardi will be converted into approximately
1,265,755 shares of Cara common stock, assuming interest on the Convertible Notes is accrued through an anticipated Closing of April 15,
2025 (the Anticipated Closing Date), after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split. Cara will assume outstanding and unexercised options
to purchase shares of Tvardi common stock, and in connection with the Merger, they will be converted into options to purchase shares
of Cara common stock based on the Exchange Ratio. As of the Effective Time, Caras stockholders will continue to own and hold their
then existing shares of Cara common stock, after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split at a ratio of 1-for-3.

The Exchange
Ratio reflects the final Cara Net Cash as of the Anticipated Closing Date of approximately $23.8 million (see Note 1 of the accompanying
notes for additional discussion).

On December 30,
2024, Cara filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
to effect the December Reverse Stock Split, approved by Caras Board on December 19, 2024. Caras common stock
began trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market on a post-split basis as of December 31, 2024.

Caras
stockholders have approved amendments to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation, including to effect the Reverse Stock
Split and increase in authorized shares, for which approvals were also necessary to complete the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement. Upon the effectiveness of the amendment to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation effecting the Reverse Stock
Split, the outstanding shares of Cara common stock will be combined into a lesser number of shares at a ratio of 1-for-3. For purposes
of the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information and related notes, the Reverse Stock Split refers to a reverse stock
split of Cara common stock at a ratio of 1-for-3, which Cara anticipates effecting on the Anticipated Closing Date.

The pro forma
adjustments reflect (i) Cara pre-Merger accounting adjustments, referred to as Transaction Accounting Adjustments 
Asset Disposition and Other Adjustments, that occur prior to Closing and (ii) transaction accounting adjustments, referred
to as Transaction Accounting Adjustments Reverse Merger, that occur in connection with the Merger.

Transaction
Accounting Adjustments Asset Disposition and Other Adjustments include (i) the
wind-down of Caras operations, including the transfer of its lease to a third-party,
(ii) the transfer of certain of Caras operating assets and liabilities to a third-party
in connection with its APA, and (iii) other wind-down activities for Caras remaining
operating assets and liabilities.

Transaction
Accounting Adjustments Reverse Merger includes the (i) conversion of
each share of Tvardi convertible preferred stock, (ii) the conversion of the Convertible
Notes (both, together with the Merger, the Transactions), and (iii) other Merger related
items.

The unaudited
pro forma condensed combined balance sheet combines the historical balance sheets of Cara and Tvardi as of December 31, 2024, and
depicts the accounting of the Transactions under U.S. GAAP. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations for the
year ended December 31, 2024 combine the historical results of Cara and Tvardi for those periods and depict the pro forma balance
sheet transaction accounting adjustments assuming that those adjustments were made as of January 1, 2024. Collectively, pro forma
balance sheet transaction accounting adjustments and pro forma statements of operations transaction accounting adjustments are referred
to as transaction accounting adjustments or pro forma adjustments. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information was prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of Article 11 of SEC Regulation S-X, as amended.

The unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial information and related notes have been derived from and should be read in conjunction with:

the
historical audited financial statements for Tvardi for the years ended December 31,
2024 and 2023 and related notes included as Exhibit 99.1 of this Current Report
on Form 8-K (this Report);

the
historical audited consolidated financial statements for Cara for years ended December 31,
2024 and 2023, the related notes, and its Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
with the SEC on March 11, 2025; and

Managements
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of Tvardi included
as Exhibit 99.2 of this Report.

The unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial information is based on the assumptions and pro forma adjustments that are described in the accompanying
notes. The pro forma adjustments are preliminary, subject to further revision as additional information becomes available and additional
analyses are performed, and have been made solely for the purpose of providing unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.
Differences between these estimates and the final accounting, expected to be completed after the Closing, may occur and these differences
could have a material impact on the accompanying unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information does not give effect to the potential impact of current financial conditions, regulatory matters, operating efficiencies or
other savings or expenses that may be associated with the integration of the two companies. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information is not necessarily indicative of the financial position or results of operations in the future periods or the result
that actually would have been realized had Cara and Tvardi been a combined organization during the specified periods. The actual results
reported in periods following the Merger may differ significantly from those reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information presented herein for a number of reasons, including, but not limited to, differences in the assumptions used to prepare the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.

Accounting
rules require evaluation of certain assumptions, estimates, or determination of financial statement classifications. The accounting
policies of Cara may materially vary from those of Tvardi. During preparation of the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information, management has performed a preliminary analysis and is not aware of any material differences, and accordingly, this unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial information assumes no material differences in accounting policies. Following the Merger, management
will conduct a final review of Caras accounting policies in order to determine if differences in accounting policies require adjustment
or reclassification of Caras results of operations or reclassification of assets or liabilities to conform to Tvardis accounting
policies and classifications. As a result of this review, management may identify differences that, when conformed, could have a material
impact on these unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements.

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
CONDENSED COMBINED BALANCE SHEET

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024

(In thousands, except
share and per share amounts)

Historical As
Adjusted Historical 

6(A) 6(B) 

Cara

Therapeutics,

Inc. Transaction Accounting

Adjustments
- 

Asset Disposition and 

Other Adjustments Cara

Therapeutics,

Inc. Tvardi

Therapeutics,

Inc. Transaction Accounting

Adjustments
- 

Reverse Merger Pro Forma

Combined 

Assets 

Current
assets: 

Cash
and cash equivalents $ 37,903 $ (2,100 ) 6 (a) $ 36,326 $ 31,614 $ (2,763 ) 6 (f) $ 63,123 

4,495 6 (b) (2,054 ) 6 (f) 

(3,972 ) 6 (d) 

Accounts
receivable, net - related party 407 (407 ) 6 (b) - - - 

Inventory,
net 900 (900 ) 6 (a) - - - 

Other
receivables 4,088 (4,088 ) 6 (b) - - - 

Prepaid
expenses and other current assets 529 (529 ) 6 (c) - 72 72 

Total
current assets 43,827 (7,501 ) 36,326 31,686 (4,817 ) 63,195 

Property,
equipment and improvements, net - - 84 84 

Intangible
assets, net - - 385 385 

Operating
lease right-of-use assets - - 216 216 

Deferred
offering costs - - 2,811 (2,811 ) 6 (g) - 

Other
non-current assets - - 17 17 

Total
assets $ 43,827 $ (7,501 ) $ 36,326 $ 35,199 $ (7,628 ) $ 63,897 

Liabilities,
Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders' Deficit 

Current
liabilities: 

Accounts
payable and accrued expenses $ 3,972 $ (3,972 ) 6 (d) $ - $ 10,264 3,986 6 (e) $ 16,339 

2,089 6 (g) 

Operating
lease liability - current portion - - - 103 103 

Total
current liabilities 3,972 (3,972 ) - 10,367 6,075 16,442 

Liability
related to sales of future royalties and milestones, net 44,448 (44,448 ) 6 (a) - - - 

Operating
lease liability - net of current portion - 201 201 

Convertible
Notes - 30,259 7,276 6 (l) - 

(37,535 ) 6 (l) 

Total
liabilities 48,420 (48,420 ) - 40,827 (24,184 ) 16,643 

Tvardi
redeemable convertible preferred stock (Series A, B), $0.001 par value - - 85,503 (85,503 ) 6 (h) - 

Stockholders
equity (deficit): 

Cara
preferred stock; $0.001 par value - - - - - 

Cara
common stock; $0.001 par value 5 5 - - 6 (j) 8 

(3 ) 6 (i) 

1 6 (l) 

(2 ) 6 (k) 

7 6 (k) 

Tvardi
common stock, $0.001 par value - 19 30 6 (h) - 

(49 ) 6 (k) 

Additional
paid-in capital 751,014 751,014 1,086 85,473 6 (h) 146,758 

3 6 (i) 

37,534 6 (l) 

(4,900 ) 6 (g) 

96 6 (j) 

(723,548 ) 6 (k) 

Accumulated
deficit (755,612 ) 41,448 6 (a) (714,693 ) (92,236 ) (96 ) 6 (j) (99,512 )

(529 ) 6 (c) (3,986 ) 6 (e) 

(2,763 ) 6 (f) 

(2,054 ) 6 (f) 

723,592 6 (k) 

(7,276 ) 6 (l) 

Total
stockholders' equity (deficit) (4,593 ) 40,919 36,326 (91,131 ) 102,059 47,254 

Total
liabilities and stockholders' equity (deficit) $ 43,827 $ (7,501 ) $ 36,326 $ 35,199 $ (7,628 ) $ 63,897 

See accompanying Notes
to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information.

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024

(In thousands, except
share and per share amounts)

Historical As
Adjusted Historical 

7(A) 7(B) 

Cara

Therapeutics,

Inc. Transaction
Accounting

Adjustments - 

Asset Disposition and

Other Adjustments Cara

Therapeutics,

Inc. Tvardi

Therapeutics,

Inc. Transaction
Accounting

Adjustments - 

Reverse Merger Pro
Forma

Combined 

Revenue: 

Collaborative
revenue $ 2,086 $ (2,086 ) 7 (b) $ - $ - $ - $ - 

Commercial
supply revenue 640 (640 ) 7 (b) - - - 

Clinical
compound revenue 84 (84 ) 7 (b) - - - 

Other
revenue 4,327 (4,327 ) 7 (b) - - - 

Total
revenue 7,137 (7,137 ) - - - - 

Operating
expenses: 

Cost
of goods sold 620 (620 ) 7 (b) - - - 

Research
and development 32,805 13 7 (a) 32,818 23,650 56,468 

General
and administrative 26,530 516 7 (a) 27,046 4,457 2,763 7 (c) 40,402 

2,054 7 (c) 

3,986 7 (d) 

96 7 (e) 

Restructuring 5,565 5,565 5,565 

Total
operating expenses 65,520 (91 ) 65,429 28,107 8,899 102,435 

Operating
loss (58,383 ) (7,046 ) (65,429 ) (28,107 ) (8,899 ) (102,435 ) 

Gain
in connection with extinguishment of liability related to sales of future royalties and milestones - 41,448 7 (b) 41,448 - 41,448 

Other
income (expense), net 2,828 2,828 (2,037 ) (7,276 ) 7 (f) (6,485 ) 

Interest
income - - 747 747 

Impairment
of long-lived assets (4,274 ) (4,274 ) (4,274 ) 

Inventory
write-down (2,963 ) (2,963 ) (2,963 ) 

Non-cash
interest expense on liability related to sales of future royalties and milestones (8,473 ) 8,473 7 (b) - - - 

Loss
before benefit from income taxes (71,265 ) 42,875 (28,390 ) (29,397 ) (16,175 ) (73,962 ) 

Benefit
from income taxes 398 398 - 398 

Net
loss $ (70,867 ) $ 42,875 $ (27,992 ) $ (29,397 ) $ (16,175 ) $ (73,564 ) 

Net
loss per share: 

Basic
and Diluted $ (15.53 ) $ (1.53 ) $ (7.87 ) 

Weighted
average shares: 

Basic
and Diluted 4,562,738 19,193,932 9,352,162 7 (g) 

See accompanying Notes
to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information.

NOTES TO UNAUDITED
PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

1. Description
of the Merger

Transaction

On December 17,
2024, Cara, Tvardi and Merger Sub entered into the Merger Agreement pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into Tvardi, with
Tvardi surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Cara. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, at the Closing:

a) each outstanding share of Tvardi common
stock, after giving effect to the conversion of Tvardis preferred stock into common
stock, will be converted into the right to receive a number of shares of Cara common stock,
based on the Exchange Ratio;

b) the outstanding Convertible Notes will
be converted into 1,265,755 shares of Cara common stock, in accordance with the terms discussed
below; and

c) each outstanding and unexercised option
to purchase shares of Tvardi common stock (Tvardi options) immediately prior to the Closing
will be assumed by Cara and will be converted to an option to purchase shares of Cara common
stock, with necessary adjustments to the number of shares and exercise price to reflect the
Exchange Ratio.

Under the
terms of the Merger Agreement, Caras Board will take actions to accelerate, after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split, the
vesting of (i) certain options to purchase Cara common stock held by non-executive employees or directors as of the closing of the
Merger and (ii) Caras restricted stock units (RSUs) that vest solely on the basis of time. The options of Caras remaining
executives will accelerate upon the closing of the Merger, pursuant to change- in-control language within the preexisting employment
agreements or separation arrangements of the executives. Of the total incremental fair value associated with the modification to accelerate
vesting of Caras options and RSUs, $0.3 million is included as consideration of the Merger and $0.1 million is included as an
adjustment to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.

Immediately
following the Merger, Cara stockholders as of immediately prior to the Merger are expected to own approximately 16.57% of the outstanding
capital stock of the combined company on a diluted basis, and former Tvardi stockholders are expected to own approximately 83.43% of
the outstanding capital stock of the combined company on a diluted basis, of which 13.53% represents Tvardi investors who participated
in Convertible Notes. Tvardi stockholders are expected to receive approximately 7,805,148 shares of Cara common stock in connection with
the Merger. The 7,805,148 shares are based on the number of shares of Tvardi (i) common stock outstanding immediately prior to the
Merger, (ii) convertible preferred stock outstanding as of December 31, 2024, which will be converted into shares of Tvardi
common stock on a one-for-one basis immediately prior to the closing of the Merger, and (iii) Convertible Notes, which will be converted
into shares of Cara common stock upon the Closing (as further described below).

The following
table summarizes the pro forma number of shares of common stock of the combined company outstanding following the consummation of the
Transactions.

Assuming Cara Net Cash at

Closing of $23.8 Million 

Equity Capitalization Summary 

Upon Consummation of the Merger Number of

Shares Owned %

Ownership 

Tvardi stockholders 6,539,393 69.90 %

Cara Therapeutic Inc. stockholders 1,550,380 16.57 %

Investors participating in the Convertible Notes 1,265,755 13.53 %

Total common stock of the combined company 9,355,528 100.00 %

The following
table summarizes the pro forma number of shares of common stock of the combined company outstanding following the consummation of the
Transactions on a fully diluted basis, which includes In-the-Money Cara stock options and Tvardi options outstanding.

Assuming Cara Net Cash at

Closing of $23.8 Million 

Equity Capitalization Summary (fully diluted basis) Number of

Shares Owned %

Ownership 

Tvardi stockholders (including option holders) 7,267,676 72.02 %

Cara Therapeutic Inc. stockholders (including In-the-Money option holders) 1,557,645 15.44 %

Investors participating in the Convertible Notes 1,265,755 12.54 %

Total common stock of the combined company 10,091,077 100.00 %

(1) Includes 739,207 Tvardi options outstanding
as of December 31, 2024, after applying the Exchange Ratio.

(2) Includes 7,265 In-the-Money Cara stock options,
after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split.

Consummation
of the Merger is subject to certain closing conditions, including, among other things, (i) approval by the stockholders of each
party of the adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby (the related approvals were
received by the stockholders of each party by the time of the filing of this Current Report on Form 8-K), (ii) Nasdaqs
approval of the listing of the shares of Cara common stock to be issued in connection with the Merger, (iii) the effectiveness
of a registration statement filed with the SEC in connection with the Merger (the related registration statement was declared
effective by the SEC on February 14, 2025), and (iv) Cara Net Cash at the Closing of at least $18.0 million.

The pre-Merger
employment agreements or Severance Plan arrangements for Caras remaining executives include entitlement to change-in-control and
severance payments and the retention agreements for the remaining Cara non-executive employees include severance and retention bonus
payments. The aggregate of these change-in-control, severance, and retention bonus payments will be treated as pre-Merger compensation
expense of Cara and will be reflected as an increase to accrued expenses of Cara, which will be paid prior to the Anticipated Closing
Date.

Related events that occurred
in connection with the Merger are discussed in more detail below:

Prior to the
Closing, (i) Cara transferred its operating lease to a third-party, (ii) discontinued its research and development activities,
(iii) entered into an APA to sell certain of its remaining operating assets and liabilities (referred to herein as Caras
Asset Disposition), and (iv) settled its other remaining operating assets and liabilities. Additionally, at Closing, Caras
current Directors & Officers (D&O) policy will be fully utilized. Also prior to the Closing, Tvardi issued $28.3 million
of Convertible Notes to certain of its investors. Caras Asset Disposition and Tvardis Convertible Notes are discussed in
more detail below.

Asset Disposition

Cara and its
subsidiary, Cara Royalty Sub, LLC, entered into an APA with CSL Vifor, pursuant to which CSL Vifor will acquire certain assets and rights
for the development, manufacture and commercialization of difelikefalin, as well as certain associated liabilities (the Asset Disposition).
The APA is expected to close concurrently with the close of the Merger.

Pursuant to
the APA, in connection with the consummation of the Asset Disposition, CSL Vifor and HCR have agreed to enter into an amended and restated
agreement to amend and replace the existing Purchase and Sale Agreement.

Additionally,
pursuant to the APA, at the consummation of the Asset Disposition, Cara has agreed to pay CSL Vifor $3.0 million to compensate CSL Vifor
for the estimated incremental future expenses to be incurred by CSL Vifor as a result of the transfer of the assets to be acquired and
the liabilities to be assumed by it in connection with the Asset Disposition. See the section titled Asset Sale
included in the proxy statement/prospectus for further detail.

CSL Vifors
assumption of Caras liabilities refers to Caras liability related to sales of future royalties and milestones, net
of $44.4 million, as included on Caras audited consolidated balance sheet, included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
with the SEC on March 11, 2025.

Pursuant to the terms of the Asset
Disposition, Cara is to be released of its obligation to transfer royalty payments to HCR (as further discussed within the notes to
Caras audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024, included in its Annual
Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 11, 2025). In connection with Caras release of its $44.4 million
liability, Cara will recognize a gain on the extinguishment of the related obligation. Also pursuant to the terms of the APA, as
discussed above, Cara will pay CSL Vifor $3.0 million to compensate CSL Vifor for the estimated incremental future expenses to
be incurred by CSL Vifor as a result of the transfer of the assets to be acquired and the liabilities to be assumed by it in
connection with the Asset Disposition.

The treatment
of the APA within Caras financial statements is still being assessed. For purposes of the pro formas, Cara has preliminarily concluded
that the disposal will not qualify as discontinued operations under ASC 205.

Convertible Notes

In December 2024,
Tvardi entered into a note purchase agreement to issue and sell Convertible Notes in an aggregate principal amount of $28.3 million.
The Convertible Notes accrue interest at 8% per annum and mature on December 31, 2026. Tvardi accounts for the Convertible Notes
using the fair value option and recorded the Convertible Notes based on their fair value upon issuance, with changes in fair value recorded
in other income (expense), net in Tvardis statement of operations. As of December 31, 2024, Tvardi recorded a change in fair
value of $1.8 million.

Upon the closing
of the Merger, the outstanding balance of the Convertible Notes and all accrued interest will be automatically converted into shares
of Cara common stock, at a conversion price equal to 80% of the implied valuation of the combined company common stock in the Merger.
Assuming interest on the Convertible Notes is accrued through the Anticipated Closing Date of April 15, 2025, immediately prior
to the Closing, the Convertible Notes and accrued interest will convert into 1,265,755 shares of Cara common stock.

2. Basis
of Presentation

The unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial information is prepared in accordance with Article 11 of SEC Regulation S-X. The adjustments
presented in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information have been identified and presented to provide relevant
information necessary for an understanding of the combined company upon consummation of the Merger.

The unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial information is based on the assumptions and adjustments that are described in the accompanying
notes. Accordingly, the pro forma adjustments are preliminary, subject to further revision as additional information becomes available
and additional analyses are performed and have been made solely for the purpose of providing unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information. Differences between these preliminary accounting conclusions and estimates and the final accounting conclusions and amounts
may occur as a result of, among other reasons: (i) changes in initial assumptions in the determination of the accounting acquirer
and related accounting, (ii) changes in the amount of cash used in Caras operations, and (iii) other changes in Caras
assets and liabilities, which are expected to be completed prior to the Closing. These differences could have a material impact on the
accompanying unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information and the combined companys future results of operations
and financial position.

3. Accounting
Policies

During the preparation of the accompanying
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information, Management was not aware of any material differences between Tvardis
accounting policies and the accounting policies of Cara. Following the consummation of the Merger, Tvardi will conduct a more detailed
review of Caras accounting policies. As a result, Tvardi may identify differences between the accounting policies of the two companies
that, when conformed, could have had a material impact on the accompanying unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.

4. Accounting
for the Merger

The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information gives effect to the Merger, which will be accounted for under GAAP as
an in-substance reverse recapitalization of Cara by Tvardi. The treatment as an in-substance reverse recapitalization is based on
the assessment that as a result of, and following, Caras discontinuation of its research and development activities, Asset
Disposition, and settlement of its other remaining operating assets and liabilities, on the Anticipated Closing Date, Cara is
expected to have nominal operations and nominal pre-combination assets. Caras nominal pre-combination assets are expected to
primarily be cash and cash equivalents. Under this method of accounting, Tvardi will be considered the accounting acquirer for
financial reporting purposes. This determination is based on the expectations that, immediately following the Merger:

Tvardi
stockholders will own a substantial majority of the voting rights of the combined company;

Tvardi
will designate a majority of the initial members of the board of directors of the combined
company;

Tvardis
executive management team will become the management team of the combined company; and

The
combined company will be renamed Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. and its headquarters will
be Tvardis current headquarters, in Houston, Texas.

As a result
of Tvardi being treated as the accounting acquirer, Tvardis assets and liabilities will be recorded at their pre-combination carrying
amounts. Caras assets will be measured and recognized at their fair values as of the Effective Time, which are expected to approximate
the carrying value of the acquired cash and cash equivalents, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Any difference
between the consideration transferred and the fair value of the assets of Cara following the determination of the actual consideration
transferred for Cara will be reflected as an adjustment to additional paid-in capital. For periods prior to the Closing, the historical
financial statements of Tvardi shall become the historical financial statements of the combined company.

Estimated
Consideration Transferred (Purchase Price)

The estimated purchase price, which represents
the consideration transferred to Cara stockholders in the Merger, is calculated based on the fair value of the common stock of the combined
company that Cara stockholders will own as of the Closing of the Transaction because, with no active trading market for shares of Tvardi,
the fair value of the Cara common stock represents a more reliable measure of the fair value of consideration transferred in the Merger.
Accordingly, the accompanying unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information reflects an estimated purchase price of approximately
$24.5 million. The following summarizes the estimate of the purchase price to be paid in the Merger, after giving the effect to the Reverse
Stock Split (in thousands, except share and per share amounts):

Common shares of the combined company owned by Cara stockholders (1) 1,550,380 

Multiplied by the fair value per share of Cara common stock (2) $ 15.60 

Total $ 24,186 

Estimated fair value of assumed Cara stock-based awards based on pre-Merger service (3) 323 

Total estimated purchase price $ 24,509 

(1) The estimated purchase price was determined based on the number of
shares of Cara common stock that Cara stockholders owned immediately prior to the closing of the Merger, after giving effect to the Reverse
Stock Split. For purposes of this unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information, the estimated number of shares represents
1,523,743 shares of Cara common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2024, 792 RSUs that vested subsequent to December 31, 2024
and 25,845 unvested RSUs outstanding as of the date of this Report, which will become vested in full upon the Closing.

(2) The estimated purchase price is based
on the closing price on The Nasdaq Capital Market on March 18, 2025, and adjusted to
give the effect to the Reverse Stock Split.

(3) Reflects the estimated acquisition-date
fair value of the assumed Cara equity awards attributable to pre- Merger service expected
to be outstanding as of the Effective Time. This is included as an adjustment to the unaudited
pro forma condensed combined balance sheet by crediting and debiting additional paid-in capital,
resulting in no impact to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.

The actual
purchase price for the assets of Cara will vary based on, among other things, the Cara share price at the Closing and the number of shares
of Cara common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Closing. As such, the estimated purchase price consideration reflected in the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information does not purport to represent what the actual purchase price consideration
will be when the Merger is completed. The actual purchase price will fluctuate until the Effective Time, and the final valuation of the
purchase price consideration could differ significantly from the current estimate.

5. Shares
of Cara Common Stock Issued to Tvardi Stockholders upon the Closing of the Merger

At the Closing,
(i) all outstanding shares of Tvardi common stock (including shares of Tvardi common stock issued upon conversion of Tvardi convertible
preferred stock) will be exchanged for shares of Cara common stock based on the Exchange Ratio of 0.1341 and (ii) all outstanding
Tvardi Convertible Notes, including interest accrued through the Anticipated Closing Date, will be converted into 1,265,755 shares of
Cara common stock. The estimated number of shares of Cara common stock that Cara expects to issue to Tvardis stockholders applies
the final Cara Net Cash at the Anticipated Closing Date of $23.8 million and is determined as follows:

Shares of Tvardi common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2024 19,197,914 

Tvardi stock option exercises subsequent to December 31, 2024 5,416 

Shares of Tvardi common stock issued upon conversion of Tvardi convertible preferred stock, see Note 6(h) 29,555,538 

Total Tvardi common stock outstanding prior to the closing of the Merger 48,758,868 

Exchange Ratio 0.1341 

Shares of Tvardi common stock outstanding before the conversion of Tvardi's Convertible Notes 6,539,393 

Shares of Cara common stock issued upon conversion of Tvardi 's Convertible Notes, see Note 6(l) 1,265,755 

Shares of Cara common stock issued to Tvardi stockholders upon closing of the Merger 7,805,148 

In
addition, in connection with the Merger, Cara will assume all of the outstanding options to acquire Tvardi common stock and such
stock options will become exercisable for shares of Cara common stock following the Merger.

6. Adjustments
to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2024

The pro forma
notes and adjustments, based on estimates that could change materially as additional information is obtained, are as follows:

Pro forma notes:

6(A) Derived
from the audited consolidated balance sheet of Cara as of December 31, 2024

6(B) Derived
from the audited balance sheet of Tvardi as of December 31, 2024

Pro forma Balance Sheet Transaction
Accounting Adjustments:

Transaction Accounting Adjustments
Asset Disposition and Other Adjustments

6(a) To reflect, pursuant to the terms of the
APA, the (i) derecognition of Caras $44.4 million liability related to
sales of future royalties and milestones, net as the related obligation will be transferred
to a third-party, (ii) the sale of Caras inventory, and (iii) payment of
$3.0 million to compensate CSL Vifor for the estimated incremental future expenses to be
incurred by CSL Vifor as a result of the transfer of the assets to be acquired and the liabilities
to be assumed by it in connection with the Asset Disposition. The offset to accumulated deficit
primarily reflects a gain related to the extinguishment of Caras prior obligation.

6(b) To reflect the receipt of cash and reduction
of receivables of $4.5 million prior to the closing of the Merger.

6(c) To reflect the derecognition of Caras
prepaid expenses of $0.5 million, consisting of $0.1 million of prepaid insurance related
to Caras current D&O policy that will be fully utilized at Closing, prepaid R&D
clinical costs of less than $0.1 million, and other prepaid costs of $0.4 million, as these
amounts will either be written-off or fully amortized at the Closing.

6(d) To reflect the payment of $4.0 million of
Caras accounts payable and accrued expenses, consisting of $1.9 million of accrued
professional fees, $1.4 million of accounts payable, $0.6 million of accrued compensation
and benefits, and $0.1 million of accrued research projects before the Closing.

Transaction Accounting Adjustments
Reverse Merger

6(e) To reflect estimated transaction costs of
$4.0 million, not yet reflected in the historical financial statements of Cara, which are
expected to be incurred by Cara in connection with the Merger, such as advisory, legal, accounting,
auditing, and other professional fees as an increase in accrued expenses of $4.0 million
and a corresponding increase in accumulated deficit in the unaudited pro forma condensed
combined balance sheet. This estimate may change as additional information becomes known.

6(f) To reflect estimated incremental compensation expense of $4.8 million related to severance, retention, and change-in-control payments resulting from (i) pre-existing employment agreements or severance plan arrangements for executives and (ii) retention agreements for non-executive employees that were agreed upon prior to the Merger that had not yet been paid or fully accrued for as of December 31, 2024. As these costs are expected to be paid prior to the Closing, the $4.8 million is recorded as decrease to cash and cash equivalents and an increase to accumulated deficit in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of December 31, 2024.

6(g) To reflect (i) estimated transaction
costs of $2.1 million incurred by Tvardi in connection with the Merger, such as advisory,
legal and auditor fees as an increase in accrued expenses of $2.1 million, (ii) the
derecognition of the deferred offering costs of $2.8 million included in the historical financial
statements, and (iii) a reduction to additional paid-in capital of $4.9 million in the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet. As the Merger is accounted for as a
reverse recapitalization equivalent to the issuance of equity for the net assets of Cara,
these direct and incremental costs are treated as a reduction of the net proceeds received
within additional paid-in capital.

6(h) To reflect the automatic conversion, on a
one-to-one basis, of all outstanding shares of Tvardi convertible preferred stock, with a
carrying amount of $85.5 million, into 29,555,538 shares of Tvardi common stock immediately
prior to the Merger. Tvardi convertible preferred stock outstanding immediately prior to
the Closing was comprised of the following:

Tvardi Convertible Preferred Stock 

Series A Preferred Stock 9,499,999 

Series B Preferred Stock 20,055,539 

Total shares of Tvardi convertible preferred stock converted to shares of Tvardi common stock immediately prior to the merger 29,555,538 

6(i) To reflect the Reverse Stock Split.

6(j) To reflect the accelerated vesting of 26,637
of Caras RSUs, after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split, upon the Closing pursuant
to the terms of the Merger Agreement, an increase in compensation expenses of approximately
$0.1 million and a decrease in additional paid-in capital of $0.1 million.

6(k) To reflect the recapitalization of Tvardi,
pursuant to the Merger Agreement, through the contribution of 48,758,868 shares of Tvardi
common stock (see Note 5), and the issuance of 7,805,148 shares of Cara common stock, reflecting
the Exchange Ratio of 0.1341 and including the issuance of common stock upon the conversion
of the Convertible Notes, and to reflect the derecognition of the accumulated deficit of
Cara which is reversed to additional paid-in capital.

The derecognition of accumulated
deficit of Cara of $723.6 million is determined as follows (in thousands):

Accumulated deficit of Cara as of December 31, 2024 $ (755,612 )

Gain in connection with extinguishment of liability related to sales of future royalties and milestones, see Note 6(a) 41,448 

Derecognition of prepaid expenses, See Note 6(c) (529 )

Transaction costs of Cara, see Note 6(e) (3,986 )

Compensation expense related to change-in-control, severance, bonus, and retention payments, see Note 6(f) (4,817 )

Acceleration of Cara RSUs upon closing of the Merger, see Note 6(j) (96 )

Total adjustment to derecognize the accumulated deficit of Cara $ (723,592 )

6(l) To reflect an (i) incremental fair value
adjustment of $7.3 million on the Convertible Notes, reflecting the 20% discount of the Convertible
Notes and accrued interest immediately prior to the conversion and (ii) the issuance
of 1,265,755 shares of Cara common stock, pursuant to the terms of the Convertible Notes,
described in Note 1. The incremental change in the fair value of the Convertible Notes of
$7.3 million is adjusted for pro forma purposes through accumulated deficit as of December 31,
2024.

7. Adjustments
to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations for the Year Ended December 31,
2024

The pro forma notes and adjustments,
based on estimates that could change materially as additional information is obtained, are as follows:

Pro forma notes:

7(A) Derived
from the audited consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss of Cara for the year ended December 31, 2024

7(B) Derived
from the audited statement of operations of Tvardi for the year ended December 31, 2024

Tvardi did
not record any provision or benefit for income taxes during the year ended December 31, 2024 because Tvardi incurred a pre-tax loss
in 2024 and maintains a full valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets. Cara incurred a pre-tax loss in 2024 and maintains a full
valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets but did record a $0.4 million benefit for income taxes during the year ended December 31,
2024 related to its exchange of its research and development tax credit incurred during the year ended December 31, 2023. The recognition
of the $0.4 million tax benefit did not have a material impact to Caras effective tax rate or its audited consolidated financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2024, Cara had no unrecognized tax benefits. Accordingly,
no pro forma adjustments have an impact on associated income tax.

Pro forma Statement of Operations
Transaction Accounting Adjustments:

Transaction Accounting Adjustments
Asset Disposition and Other Adjustments

7(a) To reflect the derecognition of Caras
prepaid expenses of $0.5 million, consisting of $0.1 million of prepaid insurance related
to Caras current D&O policy that will be fully utilized at Closing, prepaid R&D
clinical costs of less than $0.1 million, and other prepaid costs of $0.4 million, assuming
the adjustment made in Note 6(c) was made on January 1, 2024.

7(b) To reflect (i) a gain of $41.4 million
representing the transfer of Caras obligation related to its liability related
to sales of future royalties and milestones, net to a third-party, CSL Vifor, net
of $3.0 million paid to compensate CSL Vifor for the estimated incremental future expenses
to be incurred by CSL Vifor as a result of the transfer of the assets to be acquired and
the liabilities to be assumed by it in connection with the Asset Disposition, pursuant to
the APA and (ii) the corresponding derecognition of Caras non-cash interest
expense on liability related to sales of future royalties and milestones, both assuming
the adjustment made in Note 6(a) was made on January 1, 2024.

The pro forma adjustment
also eliminates Caras revenue and cost of goods sold recognized in the historical financial statements, assuming that the APA
was signed on January 1, 2024, as Caras revenue and costs of goods sold are directly related to difelikefalin, the rights
to which will be sold to a third-party in connection with the APA. Caras non-cash interest expense on liability related
to sales of future royalties and milestones is also eliminated in this pro forma adjustment since, as discussed above, the
related obligation is being transferred to a third-party.

Transaction Accounting Adjustments
Reverse Merger

7(c) To reflect the estimated incremental compensation
expense of $4.8 million related to severance, retention, and change-in-control payments recorded
in general and administrative expenses, resulting from (i) pre-existing employment agreements
or severance plan arrangements for executives and (ii) retention agreements for non-executive
employees that were agreed upon prior to the Merger that had not yet been paid or fully accrued
for as of December 31, 2024, assuming that the adjustment described in Note 6(f) was
made on January 1, 2024.

7(d) To reflect Caras estimated advisory,
legal, audit, and other costs related to the Merger, including the estimated D&O tail
policy, that were not recorded in its historical financial statements as an increase to general
and administrative expenses in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement
of operations for the year ended December 31, 2024, assuming that the adjustment described
in Note 6(e) was made on January 1, 2024. The D&O tail policy is recorded as
an increase to general and administrative expenses in the unaudited pro forma condensed
combined statement of operations as most of Caras directors and officers will not
continue as directors and officers in the post-combination entity and therefore the D&O
tail policy does not represent any future benefit for the post-combination entity.

7(e) To reflect Caras increase in compensation
expense of $0.1 million due to the accelerated vesting of 26,637 RSUs, after giving
effect to the Reverse Stock Split, in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement
of operations for the year ended December 31, 2024, assuming that the adjustment described
in 6(j) was made on January 1, 2024.

7(f) To reflect the incremental change in fair
value related to Tvardis Convertible Notes that is recorded in the unaudited pro forma
condensed combined statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2024, assuming
that the adjustment described in Note 6(l) was made on January 1, 2024.

7(g) The pro forma combined basic and diluted
net loss per share has been adjusted to reflect the pro forma net loss for the year
ended December 31, 2024. In addition, the number of shares used in calculating the pro forma
combined basic and diluted net loss per share has been adjusted to reflect the estimated
total number of shares of common stock of the combined company for the respective periods.
For the year ended December 31, 2024, the pro forma weighted-average shares have
been calculated as follows:

December 31, 2024 

Basic and Diluted 

Historical weighted-average number of Tvardi common stock outstanding 19,193,932 

Tvardi stock option exercises subsequent to December 31, 2024 5,416 

Impact of Tvardi convertible preferred stock assuming conversion as of January 1, 2024, see Note 6(h) 29,555,538 

Application of Exchange Ratio to historical Tvardi weighted-average shares outstanding 0.1341 

Adjusted Tvardi weighted-average number of common stock outstanding 6,538,858 

Impact of Convertible Notes assuming consummation of the Merger as of January 1, 2024, see Note 6(l) 1,265,755 

Historical weighted-average number of Cara common stock outstanding (1) 1,520,912 

Equity awards subject to outstanding Cara RSUs that fully vest upon consummation of the merger (2) 26,637 

Pro forma combined weighted average number of common stock outstanding 9,352,162 

(1) Represents the historical weighted-average
number of Cara common stock outstanding, after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split.

(2) Represents the total Cara RSUs expected to
be included in common stock outstanding as of the Closing, after giving effect to the Reverse
Stock Split, which includes 792 RSUs that vested subsequent to December 31, 2024 and
25,845 unvested RSUs outstanding as of the date of this Report, which will become vested
in full upon the Closing.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cara-20250401.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cara-20250401_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>cara-20250401_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 01, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 01, 2025

Entity File Number 001-36279

Entity Registrant Name CARA THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001346830

Entity Tax Identification Number 75-3175693

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 400 Atlantic Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 500

Entity Address, City or Town Stamford

Entity Address, State or Province CT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 06901

City Area Code 203

Local Phone Number 406-3700

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol CARA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://caratherapeutics.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cara-20250401.xsd 
cara-20250401_lab.xml 
cara-20250401_pre.xml 
tm2510381d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-030583-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm2510381d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001346830 

2025-04-01 
2025-04-01 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001346830 
8-K 
2025-04-01 
CARA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
DE 
001-36279 
75-3175693 
400 Atlantic Street 
Suite 500 
Stamford 
CT 
06901 
203 
406-3700 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
CARA 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>